
Well folks, tons to get to on today's show. President Trump over in Qatar, what's happening over there? Plus the big BEAUTIFUL BILL being negotiated. What's in that on the house end? Does it pass RFK in front of Congress? We'll get to all of it, but the news is moving faster than ever.


People have been telling us they can't make sense of it all. So we are giving you more Ben Shapiro show more facts, more analysis, more clarity, same time every day in a new longer format. Tune in on Spotify, apple, YouTube, or wherever you get your podcast. Plus tomorrow night we cross the line. Not sure what that line is, but it'll probably be obvious after we do it. That's right, it's been after Dark. The show that started as a harmless late night experiment is now a full length weekly show with significantly fewer boundaries. Exclusive four Daily Wire Plus members. Ben, after Dark gives you everything you never knew you needed because you didn't. Unfiltered takes that probably should be behind a paywall segments. No one approved celebrity guests who agree to come on that immediately regret that decision. Tomorrow I ask Ambassador Mike Huckabee the question that's been keeping me up at night. Does he know who the latest WrestleMania champion is? Producer Savvy introduces me to internet talent that make me question America's future. And of course a new Ben destroys because someone did something so weird. I needed a segment just to process it. It's weird, it's wild. It's everything. Late night TV would be if it had a smaller audience and no legal department, Ben, after Dark tomorrow night, only at Daily Wire Plus dot com. We will regret it. You won't.


Alrighty folks. So President Trump's economic success rests on the passage of his one big BEAUTIFUL BILL. We've been talking about this four months and the timeline on the big BEAUTIFUL BILL is still somewhat in doubt 'cause obviously it has to pass through the house and then aversion has to pass through the Senate and then there's going to be reconciliation between the House bill and the Senate bill. And so whatever you see in the house, bill might not end up in the final bill. However, massive controversy already breaking out in the house over where the cuts are going to come from. Many House Republicans are calling for cuts that are going to make up for the loss in revenue to the federal government that occurs when taxes are not increased. Now as you know from sort of conservative discussions for the last 50 years, there's something called the Laffer Curve.


The Laffer Curve is a suggestion by the economist start Laffer, that if you're looking for sort of the proper rate of taxation, it can't be zero because then the government has no money to spend And it also can't be 100 because then then the government has no money to spend. No one will actually go out and do business if, if they are going to have all of their money removed by the federal government. So the Laffer Curve is a suggestion that there is In fact a point at which if you tax people more, then you'll actually end up with declining government revenues as a result because people will simply work less in order to avoid the top tax bracket, for example. And there's certainly truth to that. It's unclear where exactly the inflection point is with regard to the Laffer curve. However, it has been longstanding conservative economic dogma that if you increase taxes you'll end up qua economic growth 'cause you're taking money away from the more efficient private sector and sticking it in the public sector where it gets doled out by a bunch of politicians to their favorite pet projects.


Also, how you look at government revenue differs between conservatives and people on the left. People on the left believe that the government basically owns your money and then allows you to keep some of it. Conservatives believe you own your money and then you have to give some of it to the government in order to do public services, for example. Okay? So when it comes to even the discussions of what government revenue looks like, the real discussion that should be had, it's instead the discussion no one will ever have is what is the proper role of government in our lives? Why is it that our government is spending six, $7 trillion a year on the federal level? This was not the case when the com, when the gov, when the original country was founded, when the United States was founded, the original expenditures by the federal government were absolutely minimal And it stayed that way except for times of war like the Civil War all the way up through essentially the end of World War I.


And then government spending began to grow slowly. And then with FDR it just exploded all out of proportion. And so now we have $7 trillion being spent every single year. That's what's racking up the national debt. And so there are a couple of sort of different takes on what should be done. A traditional classical conservative might say, we need to cut massive reams of government spending. I push it all back down to the states. If the states wish to do things like Medicare and Medicaid, then the states can do that. But it shouldn't be up to a taxpayer from Montana to pay for the healthcare of a guy from California because he's 70 years old, for example. And then you have the sort of Republican party position, which is let's cut around the edges. And then you have the Democratic party position, which is let's never cut anything ever for the rest of time.


The latter two positions are the ones the American people have opted for. The latter two positions are let's spend all the money in the world and let's spend just slightly less than all the money in the world. And that's what a lot of the debate is with regard to this current GOP tax bill. Inside the Republican caucus, there are a bunch of Republicans who believe that cutting spending in any way, shape or form is detrimental to Republican electoral chances. The American people don't want it. And by polling, basically there's truth to that. By polling the American people say they don't want the government to be so big and provide so many services, and then when you ask them which services they would like cut, they start to they they scratch their head and really have no idea of the answer to to that question.


Then you have sort of traditional Republicans who say, listen, if we're ever gonna get to anything more like big restructuring of government, you have to start somewhere or we are going to plunge off the debt cliff. Okay, so all of this is manifesting in the debate over the current big BEAUTIFUL BILL in the Republican house. There's no question spending is going to continue to increase. The only question is whether the rate of the increase is slightly slower or slightly faster. According to the Wall Street Journal, the Republican tax bill looks very different depending on your income and your political lens. For the top sliver of taxpayers, it gives a permanent extension and expansion of expiring tax cuts from 2017. Coupled with some new limits. Middle income households would get permanent tax cut extensions as well. They would also gain temporary tax cuts including a larger standard deduction and child tax credit and targeted benefits for senior citizens and people receiving tips and overtime pay.


There's not much in the tax cut bill for people who are low income, mainly because people who are low income are not paying taxes In the United States, this is whenever people say this tax bill disproportionately benefits the rich. Well, I mean I would assume because the rich absolutely overpaid proportionately based on their income like wildly disproportionately, the top quintile of the income earners in this country pay all net taxes in the country. All of them net taxes meaning the amount you pay to the government versus the services you get back from the government. A lot of middle income people are paying taxes, but they're also receiving tremendous benefits back from the government in the form of various forms of welfare, social support, and all of the rest.


Representative Blake Moore of Utah said this is not a bill for billionaire relief, but Democrats are casting the bill as an unacceptable giveaway to well off people at the expense of most Americans. So there are a a bunch of different provisions that are controversial here. One is the tax data and then one is the the question of where some cuts are coming from. So if you look at the actual material in the bill, the tax foundation has a good rundown on the bill tax foundation.org. And what they find through their preliminary analysis is that the tax provisions would increase long run GDP by 0.6%, which is a solid increase in GDP in national growth. It would reduce federal tax revenue by $4.1 trillion over the course of the next decade.


Again, what does that mean? It means the federal government will taken less money than it would've if it left the top tax rates at a higher rate. So you're increasing growth, but you're decreasing the revenue to the government. The amount of money that the government seals from the taxpayers on a dynamic basis, the revenue reduction would fall by 19% to $3.3 trillion over 10 years before the added interest costs. So they're, they're saying that basically that $4.1 trillion that you're missing, that's assuming a static level of economic growth. If you include the economic growth, then you end up with more revenue back to the government. But you're still gonna end up with, in addition to the deficit of some $3.3 trillion overall, the bill would prevent tax increases on 62% of taxpayers that would occur if the Trump tax cuts were to expire.


But there are other provisions that are being eliminated, like for example, bonus depreciation and research and development expensing. So in some ways this is a significantly more populist tax cut bill than the Trump tax cut bill the first time around. This is why, for example, there's no tax on tips included, but they're getting rid of bonus depreciation. The house passed budget resul resolution would allow a $4.5 trillion increase in the deficit from tax cuts over the next decade, so long as spending is also cut by $1.7 trillion. But if they don't cut the spending, if that spending never materializes, then the cap on the tax cuts gets reduced dollar for dollar. So the question is where those cuts come from, this is where most of the controversy is occurring, not with regard to the tax rates per se, but with regard to the cuts.


Where are the cuts occurring to offset some of the loss in revenue to the federal government? And the answer is in restructuring of Medicaid, particularly, I guess more on this in a moment.


First, free online services like Google actually charge you. They use your personal data, they track your behavior, they sell this information to advertisers. When something is free, you're not the customer. You are now the product being sold. Your digital self is traded to unknown entities who might wanna sell you products, influence your political views, or even manipulate your vote to reclaim your privacy and protect yourself online, you should use expressive VPN. Without A VPN, your internet provider can legally track and sell your browsing data in the United States. Meanwhile, data brokers collect your information across websites and apps, creating detailed profiles of you through your IP address Express. VPN solves this by rooting all your activity through encrypted servers, preventing your ISP from seeing or selling your data while also hiding your IP address so brokers can no longer track you. And whenever I'm traveling, I've got express VPN on because if I'm on public wifi, that means that somebody could be hacking me or grabbing my info. It's incredibly simple to use just one tap for protection. It works on all your devices with a single subscription covering up to eight devices. You don't need technical expertise to use it though. Tech reviewers at CNET and the Verge do rate it as the number one VPN worldwide. I partnered with Express VPN because I want all my viewers to have access to this important privacy protection. That's why Right now you can get an extra four months for free when you go to ExpressVPN dot com slash ben, that's E-X-P-R-E-S svpn.com/ben to get an extra four months totally free.


Also, not everybody who handles your personal info is gonna be careful the way that you are. It only takes one mistake to expose it to hackers and identity theft. That's why there's a new victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's Lifelock, Lifelock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a Lifelock US based restoration specialist will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all Lifelock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package, meaning Lifelock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you cannot control how diligent others are with your personal information. But with Lifelock, you can help protect it. And identity theft is quite terrible. Producer Jess left the office, which means that the rest of the team is fighting over who gets to work with Lifelock Right now. Act now, save up to 40% your very first year. Call one 800 Lifelock. Use promo code Ben or go to Lifelock dot com slash ben for 40% off Terms apply. Go check them out Right now. One 800 Lifelock act now save up to 40% your very first year.


So Medicaid has been a massive income suck for the United States for an extraordinarily long time. It has basically become a massive welfare program, including for many people who don't wanna work. So Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. Meme Oz, Brooke Rollins and Scott Turner, that'd be the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the administrator for CMMS, right? The Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. They have an editorial in the New York Times talking about what exactly is gonna happen to Medicaid. And the point they make is that there are a lot of people who are on Medicaid. Again, Medicare is for the elderly and Medicaid is for people who are too poor, basically they're very poor and so they require government assistance on the federal level.


That's what Medicaid is for. Again, the United States, the idea of the United States is somehow mean to the poor is ridiculous. The United States has the most progressive tax system on planet Earth, meaning that the differential between what the top tax brackets pay and what the people at the bottom pay is the widest of virtually any OECD country. The United States also has massively generous welfare benefits. Whenever you see the so-called income gap in the United States, that is always ignoring the welfare benefits that go to people in the bottom half of income earners because when you include that, a lot of the income gap actually erodes pretty quickly. In any case, these administrators and secretaries over at the Trump administration point out welfare programs have now deviated from their original mission, both by Drift and by design.


Millions of able-bodied adults have been added to the roles in the past decade, primarily as a result of Medicaid expansion. Many of these recipients are working age individuals without children who might remain on welfare for years. Some of them do not work at all, or they're working consistently throughout the year. The increased share of welfare spending dedicated to able-bodied working age adults distracts from what should be the focus of these programs that truly needy. This should not be the American way of welfare. As leaders of the agencies they say that oversee the largest welfare programs in the nation snap the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, Medicaid and Federal Housing Assistance among others. We see the data, hear the stories, and understand that these programs are failing to deliver results for able-bodied adults.


Welfare should be a short-term hand up, not a lifetime handout, but too many able-bodied adults on welfare are not working at all. And too often we don't even ask them to. A recent analysis from an economist at the American Enterprise Institute examined survey data from December, 2022, that's the most recent month available, and found that only 44% of able-bodied working age Medicaid beneficiaries without dependents worked at least 80 hours in that month. That's an insane statistic. So only four in 10 Medicaid recipients who are In fact able-bodied and working age were working at least 80 hours in the month, 80 hours by the way. And if you just do the math right there, 80 hours would be 20 hours a week, IE five hours a day, and only four out of 10 Medicaid recipients were working five hours a day.


That is not because of lack of job opportunity. By the way, folks, we still have more job openings in the United States than people applying for those jobs. Establishing universal work requirements for able-bodied adults across the welfare programs we manage. They say while prioritize the vulnerable, empower able-bodied individuals help rebuild thriving communities and protect the taxpayers. And they point to the Clinton welfare reform as a model for this sort of stuff. They say it's true. A work requirement protects taxpayer dollars as it provides income to the worker and unless dependence on government funding, but it's not just about money. Work provides purpose and dignity. In other words, get off your butt and work. Now the counter perspective is being provided by Josh Halley. As I say, there is a debate inside the Republican party between people who sort of side with Democrats like we'll never cut any welfare spending ever, ever forever because the American people don't like it.


And people who say, we need to restructure some of this or we're gonna hit the fiscal cliff soon sooner than humanly possible. And then there are sort of true believers in the Republican caucus, the people who believe that the federal government has no role in in virtually any of this. And that would be people like for example, presumably Chip Roy in Texas or Rand Paul in the Senate in Kentucky. Josh Halley is on the populace side and in a piece indistinguishable from that of any Democrat he wrote in the New York Times just a couple of days ago, don't cut Medicaid. And he says, polls show Democrats down in the dumps at their lowest approval level in decades. But we Republicans are having an identity crisis of our own. You can see it in the tug of war over President Trump's one big BEAUTIFUL BILL where Republicans be a majority party of working people or a permanent minority speaking only for the C-suite.


So the question I have for Josh Ley is if to be the party of the working people means that you are supposed to basically allow tax increases and broader welfare spending, how does that distinguish you from the Democratic party across the aisle? And if you're gonna get into a battle of who spends more on blue collar people in terms of other people's money, Democrats are always gonna win that race because they have no principles at all that hold them off from just continuing to expand benefits. Howley says, Mr. Trump has promised working class tax cuts and protection for working class social insurance like Medicaid, but now a noisy contingent of cist Republicans call it the party's Wall Street Wing, is urging Congress to ignore all that and get back to the old time religion, corporate giveaways, preferences for capital and deep cuts to social insurance.


Again, this sounds exactly like what Elizabeth Warren might write. So again, he suggests that we should give more child tax credits, which again, a child tax credit should be for people who pay taxes Right now, child tax credits go to people who do not pay taxes, which means it is just a handout basically, if you wanna do a handout, by the way, a handout that actually works, there is a proposal in this bill that's quite great called Invest America. That proposal basically says the federal government, for every child who is born, that child gets a savings account with the federal government that is essentially invested in the s and p 500 and then it's just left there, right? That, by the way, was actually the social security privatization plan that George W.


Bush proposed back in 2006. Except this time it's a thousand bucks for every kid in the United States. That would actually be a smart investment plate if you want the government investing in this sort of thing because then you actually have people who are invested in say, the stock market and you get the natural growth along with the economy of those funds as opposed to most other social welfare programs or pyramid schemes like social security where the government just tells you that they're taking your money and putting it in a lockbox and they spend it on some other dude. And then when you get real old, we tax somebody new to pay for you. So that is the debate inside the Republican party Right now. Again, the right side of that debate does include all of the secretaries in the Trump administration.


The attempt to get people back to work is really important. Brad Wilcox, who does excellent work over at the Institute of Family Studies, he show he has a statistic showing that before 1980, only about 5% of able-bodied men age 25 to 40 were not looking for work today. That number is 11%. So it is more than doubled over the course of time. And that how, how can they not work? And the answer is because the federal government is paying for them. Nonetheless, this is creating an enormous amount of dyspepsia inside the Republican party. Some Republicans, particularly in purple districts or purple states are upset about this. They're afraid that maybe they're gonna lose their seats if there are any sort of restructurings of Medicaid.


Meanwhile, those same Republicans very often are arguing about state and local tax deductions. So the original Trump tax bill did not allow state and local tax deductions. So the, the so-called salt deductions basically allowed you to take off the taxes for your state government before you paid your federal income tax. So if I was in California and I paid a 13% state rate on say a million dollars of income just to make the statistics easy. So I take $130,000 off my income before I submitted my federal tax return. I paid the the, the state tax first and then I pay the federal income tax on the remaining income of $870,000. Trump got rid of that because what he said is why is it that a person who's in a zero tax state like Florida should essentially be subsidizing a person who lives in California?


Why should the federal government be giving benefits to people who live in blue states that tax their citizens highly? Well now a bunch of Republicans who are in those blue states have been pushing for salt deductions. The current plan approved by the House Ways and means committee includes a $30,000 cap for individuals and married couples that starts phasing down when the income reaches $400,000. That is a boost from today's $10,000, but it's still not high enough for some of the Republican lawmakers in places like New York, like Mike Lawler and Nick Alota. They're trying to push for more an increase in the so-called salt cap. But there are a bunch of Republicans in red states with zero tax rates who are looking at this and saying, why are we giving a bunch of tax breaks to people who live in New York and California?


According to the Wall Street Journal, it's a tables have turned moment inside the house, GOP, where the typical pattern is that hard liners draw red lines while moderates get in line. Salt is one of several concerns conservatives have with the latest version of the big BEAUTIFUL BILL. They want faster repeal of clean energy tax breaks, a quicker start to Medicaid work requirements and smaller federal support for the expanded Medicaid program created by Obamacare. Meanwhile, there's all sorts of hubbub inside the Republican caucus over what to do with the Doge cuts. So Elon Musk and Doge have gone through, they found a bunch of cuts that they have identified as potential cuts In order for those to become permanent, you need Congress through a process called rescission to actually vote on making those tax cuts on making those cuts in waste, fraud and abuse permanent.


Russ Vaught of the Office of Management and Budget, he says that that's one of the goals here is to make those doge cuts permanent. We intend to take the, the Doge agenda and the cuts and the momentum and the initiative and turn those into permanent savings. That's, that's what we believe is our responsibility. Okay? There are a lot of Republicans in the House and the Senate who don't actually like many of those cuts. Now we should, we should again point out a lot of the cuts that we are talking about. Yes, they're sizable in sort of the absolute in terms of comparison to the spending of the federal government. They're not In fact sizable at all. If you really wanted to prevent fiscal crisis in the United States over the course of the next 10 years, it requires moves much bigger than simple work requirements for Medicaid.


Our Republicans, unless they have a broader majority, aren't gonna be able to do any of that. That's why you are seeing an incrementalism even from the conservatives inside the Republican caucus. It's gonna take again, an act of political leisure domain, some political magic for Mike Johnson to pull this thing off. And even if he does in the house with this extremely narrow majority, in some ways the narrow majority helps Johnson, right? Because it means that every Republican is gonna be pressured in order to vote for the bill. If you had a broad majority, then you could see a bunch of people who weren't gonna be identified as the problem who'd vote against it. But if you need everyone, then in the end, president Trump is going to put his boot down and force a bunch of reluctant Republicans to support whatever the big BEAUTIFUL BILL is. But then you go to the Senate, and again, the Republican majority in the Senate is not particularly large.


The Republicans currently have 53 seats in the Senate. You could easily see some of the quote unquote moderate Republican senators, like for example, Lisa Murkowski in Alaska or Susan Collins in Maine drop off. If the bill is not conservative enough, you could see people from the opposite side drop off. This is a very complicated process. Now, the markets Right now have a tax cut already priced in. They believe it's going to happen if this tax cut does not happen. If somehow this whole thing falls apart disaster area for the Trump administration, quite obviously Senator Ron Johnson of Wisconsin on Wednesday, one of the more conservative members of the Republican caucus, he said that he's worried the House Republicans reconciliation bill is going to go down. I think that other ship with the big BEAUTIFUL BILL, I think that's the Titanic.


I think that's going down because I think I have enough colleagues in the Senate that this has resonated with that are saying, yeah, we've gotta return to a a reasonable pre pandemic level spending. But I always add this plus a process to achieve it and maintain it. Okay? So again, if somehow Trump pulls this off major act of political maing by the Trump administration and by Senator John Thon, the Senate Majority leader and by Mike Johnson in the house, it, it is pretty amazing that the United States is so addicted to spending that even talk about work requirements for welfare. This is incredibly controversial.


It's an amazing thing that by the way, is the mark of a country that has been high on its own supply for far too long. It is an unserious country that refuses to come to a reckoning with the reality that is, for example, our $37 trillion national debt that is not going to get smaller anytime soon. We get to more on this in a moment.


First, you know what's kind of funny? When we started Daily Wire, I thought the hard part would be creating the show. Turns out dealing with all the behind the scenes stuff like the hiring, the HR policies, employee issues, that's the stuff that really eats up your time. And I know I'm not alone. When you're a business owner, every second of your time is incredibly valuable. So don't waste your energy and risk losing money, dealing with time sucking payroll issues and HR infractions. Focus on what matters most. Running your business with help from Bambee. Here's what makes Bambi different. They give you access to your very own dedicated HR manager at a fraction of what it costs to employ somebody full time and get this Bambee costs just 29 bucks a month, whether you have 10, 75, even 100 employees. If I had Bambee when I was first building this business, it would've saved me countless hours and headaches. Instead of getting bogged down with paperwork and compliance, I could have focused on growing my business and connecting with my audience even better. But Bambi's, HR autopilot, you'll never have to waste your valuable time getting into the weeds of HR policies, onboarding or terminations. Plus Bambee is month to month, no hidden fees. You can cancel anytime. Right now. Get one month of Bambee for just ONE DOLLAR. Go to Bambee dot com. Type in Ben Shapiro under Podcast to schedule your first call with an HR Manager Right now. That's one month of BA Bambee for just $1 at BBE e.com. Ben Shapiro podcast


Also choosing SimpliSafe for this studio, one of the easiest decisions we've ever made when we arm the system before leaving or calling it a day, my team and I know that we have peace of mind because our equipment and creative work are protected. With SimpliSafe standing guard, I can focus on my projects rest easier, confident that I'm covered. If anything happens, especially while I'm outta the office and traveling, I would love for you to experience that same security in your home with SimpliSafe families. Enjoy the gold standard in home security and genuine peace of mind whenever they arm the system. Unlike traditional systems that only respond after a break and occurs, SimpliSafe, active guard outdoor protection works to prevent intrusions before they happen. Their AI powered cameras with live professional monitoring, detect suspicious activity, allowing agents to intervene in real time, speaking to potential intruders, activating spotlights, contacting police before anyone enters your home with no long-term contracts. Affordable monitoring at about a buck daily and a 60 day money back guarantee. SimpliSafe delivers both protection and value for homeowners. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash shapiro to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan. Get your first month for free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash shapiro. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


So obviously a lot going on in congress. Congress is also considering measures to enshrine. The Trump administration's moves against transgender propaganda and ideology. Joining us on the line to discuss is Mary Margaret Han, The Daily Wire White House correspondent. Mary Margaret has been at the White House. President Trump, of course, is overseas, but a lot is going on domestically as well. Mary Margaret, thanks for joining us. Good morning, Ben. It's great to be here. So the big news of the week in DC outside of the Middle East obviously is the Trump Justice Department moving against transgender grants. Maybe you can tell us about what's going on on that score. Absolutely. So of course we know that since January, late January, February, the Trump administration has been taking steps to cut funding for things that they call like woke or ideological purposes.


Grants to things like Transgenderism or DEI. And we've seen this in the Department of Transportation, department of Education, and now in the Department of Justice where we reported this week exclusively that the Trump administration is hacking away, slashing away a grants to causes like transgenderism and DEI and instead turning that money and those funds towards supporting our law enforcement. And we learned about this because Senator Chuck Grassley, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, he sent a letter to Attorney General Pam Bondy asking for clarification on these grants. And there had been a big hubbub in the media about how the Department of Justice was slashing, I think around $800 million in grants and re re-taking a look at those funds.


And if they weren't being appropriately used, aligned with the missions of the Trump administration, reallocating them. So Grassley wanted to know more about what was in these grants and where they were going. And we exclusively obtained his letter to Bondy, also the Department of Justice's response to him, in which we learned that the majority of those grants were going to non, the majority of the grants that the Department of Justice slash were going to non-governmental entities. And some of those included some very woke causes. For example, there was a massive amount of money going to the Washington State Department of Corrections to support that State Department of Corrections efforts to promote transgenderism in prisons where a young woman named Ozzie Clark had sued the state for allowing a man to sexually assault her in her woman's prison.


So a variety of different issues like this, Ben, the Department of Justice is cutting the funding towards those issues on saying we're no longer going to be funding these types of things. And instead we're redirecting those funds towards law enforcement. And I think a lot of Americans, you know, we are very decidedly against these types of ideological purposes. I'm very excited about some of the things we're hearing about defecting protecting the border and supporting our law enforcement. So Mary Margaret, you've also been covering some of the stuff that's been happening in Congress. So obviously Republicans are trying to follow on this in Congress. They're trying to actually endorse what President Trump is doing via the executive branch in the so-called big BEAUTIFUL BILL. How are those negotiations going? Yes, Ben. So we've been reporting this week my colleague Leaf at The Daily Wire broke a big story yesterday on how Congressman Dan Crenshaw is taking steps to prevent any transgender surgeries, hormones or puberty blockers to be funded by this reconciliation bill.


He knows, like I was just saying, that this is a very unpopular issue for Democrats. It's something they've been pushing repeatedly. And he also pointed out that there has been no amendment introduced trying to block his measure here, which is really interesting. And I think backs more than ever this understanding that this is an unpopular issue. We even saw multiple Democrats kind of flip flop on this issue and on men and women's sports during the 2024 election cycle right before the elections and say, we no longer support this type of thing because they recognize how unpopular it is. So Dan Crenshaw is taking steps in Congress to protect kids in this way. And we're seeing all over the country legislation introduced as well. So lots of steps being taken here.


And of course this supports President Donald Trump's agenda to protect children and to keep men out of women's sports. So a lot of cooperation between Congress and the President. And I think President Trump is very excited about that. It's Mary Margaret Olohan from the White House. Mary Margaret, thanks so much for your time. Really appreciate it. Thank you Ben. And meanwhile, the markets continue to royal. I know that there's a widespread perception, particularly on the right, that the markets have now recovered. Everything is hunky dory. President Trump backed off the, the most damaging aspects of his trade war and now everything will be fine. That is not what the markets are saying Right now. The markets are saying we don't know where the hell this is going. And it turns out that the tariff rates that President Trump left in place are still wildly higher than they were before Liberation Day.


As I said yesterday on the show, the removal of many of the provisions that Trump put in place did not remove all of the provisions that Trump put in place and the provisions he put in place leave the United States with an average tariff rate that is higher than any time since the 1930s. What's the impact of that? Well, Walmart apparently is now going to raise its prices. This is what people have been predicting. According to the Wall Street Journal, the retailer said on Thursday had plans to raise prices this month and early this summer, passing along some of the costs as tariff affected merchandise hit store shelves. Walmart, CFO, John David Rainey said the magnitude and speed at which these prices are coming to us is somewhat unprecedented in history. He said sales rose steadily in the latest quarter as shoppers flocked to deals in fast shipping, but the full impact of the trade war has yet to come. He said it's dynamic and fluid environment already.


For example, tariffs have driven up the price of bananas. The US again has agreed to temporarily lower the tariffs. But if we think that we are past the woods here, I I do not think that that is In fact the case. And again, president Trump continues to make comments that are likely to lead to uncertainty in the markets and uncertainty in the markets is its own form of damage to the markets. For example, yesterday President Trump said that he has a disagreement with Apple's, Tim Cook about the construction of the iPhone. So Tim Cook has been attempting to reshore manufacture of the iPhone away from China and toward India. That's a giant win for the Trump administration. Take the win, Mr. President. That is a good thing. India has been increasingly oriented toward the United States basically since the late 1990s.


China is a geopolitical enemy of the United States. Moving the, the manufacturer of the iPhone from China to India is a win. But President Trump said in, in Doha, Qatar yesterday that he is interested in reshoring the manufacturer of iPhones completely to the United States, which would only increase the price of the iPhone. By what double, I mean it really like thi this sort of talk, not just let Scott Beson talk about the economy. Please Mr. Just let the treasury secretary do his thing. Here's President Trump on Apple. And I had a little problem with Tim Cook yesterday. I said to him, Tim, you're my friend. I treated you very good. You're coming here with $500 billion. But now I hear you're building all over India. I don't want you building in India. You can build in India if you want to take care of India.


'cause India's the highest, one of the highest tariff nations in the world. It's very hard to sell into India. And they've offered us a deal where, where basically they're willing to, to literally charge us no tariff. So we go from the highest tariff. You couldn't do business in India. We're not even a top 30 in India because the tariff is so high to a point where they have actually told us, I assume you too, Scott, you were working on that also, that there will be no tariff, right? Would you say that's a difference? They're the highest. And now they're saying no tariff. But I said to Tim, I said, Tim, look, we've treated you really good. We put up with all the plants that you built in China for years.


Now you gotta build us. We're not interested in you building in India. India can take care of themselves. They're doing very well. You, we want you to build here. And they're gonna be upping their production in the United States. Apple. So apple's already in for 500 billion, but they're gonna be upping their production. Okay? So what do markets do? Markets are effectively prediction mechanisms and markets are trying to figure out what Trump means, what he's going to do, and, and this sort of uncertainty. This is not tactical uncertainty, this is not strategic ambiguity here, this is actual confusion. Treasury Secretary Scott Besson says a thing, and then it's immediately contradicted by Peter Navarro or Howard Lutnick or the president in this particular case that is not going to make the markets any more sanguine.


So what do we actually need? If we want a successful economy, we need the tax cuts to be made permanent. Obviously if that doesn't happen disaster area, we need the trade barriers to continue to come down. 10% cannot be the minimum trade barrier. It's not going to be good. Okay? That will have some dire impacts on, for example, pricing in the United States and small businesses in the United States that rely on imported goods, screwing around with a free market system. It's, it's a lot easier to screw up that system than people believe it is. It turns out that the basic theory of free markets, which is that diffuse knowledge is better and more efficient and centralized knowledge, if you ignore that rule, you are going to do damage to the economic efficiency that the American people have come to rely upon. And that is a problem.


Okay? Meanwhile, president Trump was in Qatar yesterday, and President Trump did some good things. Like, for example, he cut a deal with Qatar apparently to generate $1.2 trillion in economic exchange according to the White House in a fact sheet, that agreement includes a $96 billion deal with Qatar Airways to buy up to 210 Boeing, 7 87 Dreamliners and 7 7 7 x airplanes with GE aerospace engines according to the fact sheet. Also a statement of intent that would lead to 38 billion in investments at qatar's out Ude airbase and other air defense and maritime security capabilities. Qatar, of course, wooed the hell out of President Trump. They, they, they put on a big show, they, they had a, a bunch of cyber trucks painted red that were ushering him.


Like they, they understand how to woo President Trump. The way to woo President Trump is that you do big shows, okay? President Trump obviously loves that sort of thing. And so they did, they brought out all the camels, not even kidding. They brought out, it was, it was basically the scene from Aladdin where Prince Ali arrives in aba. It it, they, they brought out the golden peacocks and everything. Here's what it looked like. He's got seven, five golden camels, purple peacocks. He's got 53. Yeah, that, that, that's what it was in Qatar. President Trump loves that kind of stuff.


And then President Trump announced this sort of investment package and Qatar itself announced that they would be purchasing a bunch of Boeing aircraft. Here's what that sounded like. Boeing purchase agreement signed on behalf of the state of Qatar by his excellency bedroom. Hammed Deir, CEO of Qatar Airways Company on behalf of the United States. Kelly Ortberg, president, CEO of the Boeing Company. How exciting. Okay, so people signing these defense contracts and, and all the rest, Alrighty, there's only one problem. Qatar doesn't do this stuff without strings and hatch. They just don't. And pretending they do is silly. And President Trump, when he does business deals, presumably there are strings attached, right? That, that, that's true of every business deal.


Why would qar, they have a population that has about one eighth the size of the state of Florida and they're expending a hundred billion dollars to impact American policy. And so, just so we know, how big is Qatar? The answer is it is tiny, tiny, tiny.


So I asked our friends and sponsors over at Perplexity, what is the population of Qatar? And then to compare that to the size of the United States state. So we know what we're talking about. According to Perplexity, Qatar's population in 2025 is estimated to be approximately between 2.7 5000003.6 million people. Bunch of different stats coming in, but that's roughly comparable to the population of Connecticut. Okay? Maybe 3.6 million people. As far as the size of the state, Qatar covers about 4,500 square miles at a smaller than any American state except for Rhode Island. So it is tiny, it is a tiny country And it is expending tens of billions of dollars to impact American policy.


You think they're doing that without any strings attached? Any, I i, I, I would love to hear the theory of what even Qatar is doing. They spend more money, they spend, I believe two thirds of the amount of money that China does lobbying. China has won billion citizens, plus Qatar has 2.6 million. What are they doing? And the answer is they're punching above their weight in basically buying people. This is what they do. The Wall Street Journal has an entire piece titled How Qatar spent billions to gain influence in the United States. And of course they do. That is exactly what they do. Whether it's buying politicians like Robert Menendez or whether it is subsidizing an American air base in Qatar so as to gain control over American foreign policy in the region, whether it is subsidizing American universities to the tune of billions of dollars and subsidizing radicalism at those universities, or whether it is signing people on as foreign agents, which is literally what they do that have included in the past.


A former Qatar lobbyist, Pam Bondi, the current attorney general who just signed off on this 7 47 arrangement. I mean, this is what Qatar does. And then they throw their weight around and that has some impact. So Qatar, for example, the Prime minister of, of Qatar, he came out yesterday and he was talking about the situation in Gaza and he said the Palestinians want to end the war. No, they clearly do not. If by the Palestinians you mean the people I'm sure many of the people do. If by the Palestinians you mean the leadership like Hamas. Clearly they don't, Hamas clearly does not actually want a deal. If they did, all they would have to do is go into exile, give up their, their aspirations to rule the Gaza strip and release the hostages and the war be over today.


That was true October 8th, by the way. But here is Qatar trying to promote its agenda. And again, when you have your hands stuffing money into the pockets of Americans, it makes it a lot easier to make this sort of nonsensical play. It's good that you have mentioned the case of I Don Alexander, whom we are happily seeing him free. Finally, this took us like a long, you know, a lot of time and a lot of efforts and a lot of pressure without any exchange, which is basically something has never happened. Now we wanted this to be also as a first step toward having a complete hostage deal.


Unfortunately the next day being followed by a massacre on a hospital in, in, in Gaza. And obviously just the Israelis obviously said they were going after senior Hamas. Yeah, but going after Senior Hamas leader doesn't mean killing 70 people just as a collateral damage, which has just been the justification for the last year and a half. We cannot reach a deal. I'm sorry, what a joke. These people are what a, what a seriously, what a joke these people are pretending these people are on the side of western civilization is a lie. He literally calls it a massacre. When Israel, in one of the most targeted strikes ever killed, it appears the entire leadership case of Hamas that is remaining in the Gaza Strip.


They were hiding beneath a hospital, the European hospital in a tunnel beneath the European hospital. They hit the area right outside the hospital, they hit that tunnel and he calls that a massacre because he's on the side of Hamas. How do we know? Because they funded Hamas to the tune of $2 billion, 2 billion. And these are the people who were praising and calling honest brokers. It's a joke. Of course, they're paying lots of money into the United States to impact American policy. That is the explicit goal. What are we pretending that these are charitable wonderful people? Now are you even kidding? By the way, the only reason that any of these regimes continue to exist in the Middle East is because the United States props them up militarily. That is true for, for UAE, it's true for Qatar, it's true for Bahrain, it's true for Saudi Arabia, it's true for Jordan, it's true for Egypt, it's true for all of them.


Otherwise the Muslim Brotherhood who would be in charge in most of these places. So it's good that these regimes are in charge. It also happens to be the case that all of these places would be dirt poor if it were not for the technological innovations of the West that built their entire oil industry. All of it. It is deeply irritating to be lectured on foreign policy by people who support terrorism everywhere they can find it. Particularly Qatar. Particularly Qatar. Meanwhile, again, if you think there are no strings attached, there clearly are strings attached. The reason Qatar is doing all of this is to influence policy everywhere from the who these in Yemen to the Iran deal itself to Syria. So yesterday, president Trump praised the new leader of Syria.


Okay, here is the thing. If you wanna make the case that we need to relieve sanctions on the Syrians temporarily to allow them to find some sort of more stable fiscal footing with actual strings attached. Like for example, all the things President Trump wants normalization with Israel, expelling terrorists allowing some level of religious diversity in Syria. If you want those things to happen, then what you gradually do is release the sanctions as you have proof of concept. What you don't do is relieve them all at once and then meet Gelani. The new head of Syria, who is a terrorist, he was a member of Al-Qaeda, he's a member of isis, and then he broke away from them and created his own terrorist group called HT S, which is sponsored by the terror backing Turkish government. But here's President Trump speaking in warm tones about a man who just a few weeks ago people were noting was killing the drewes at an extraordinary rate and also possibly targeting Christians.


And yet here we are with, with praise for all jni. How did you find the Syrian president? Great, right? I think very good young, attractive guy, tough guy, you know, strong pass, very strong pass spider. Does that worry you at at all? But he's got a, he's got a real shot at pulling it together. I spoke with President Erdogan, I'm very friendly with him. He, he feels he's got a shot doing it. Yeah, no wonder President Erdowan thinks he has a shot. President Erdogan is in charge of Syria. Okay? Erdowan is a dictator who is a terrorist supporter of Hamas and HT s and a bunch of other Sunni terror groups.


Erdogan himself has ottoman aspirations for the Middle East. The reason HT s took over Syria is because they were sponsored by Turkey. Yeah, no wonder Erdogan likes Al Jalani. He is a client, he's a proxy. Pretending this is not happening is not a way to do policy. And when you say has a strong pass, do you mean like murdered a bunch of people? Because that's what Gelani did and apparently continues to do with the Druze. So much so that the druse in southern Syria, remember the D are not Jewish, the D are openly appealing to Israel to go in and try and protect them in southern Syria from HTS and from other terrorist groups in Syria. And you think there are no strings attached?


Of course there are strings attached. I think President Trump is too smart to be played in this way. I think he's too intelligent to be played in this way, but certainly that's not what the Qataris think and certainly not the Iranians think either. He, speaking of people who think they can play the presidents of the United States, Iran clearly believes that they can outplay the presidents of the United States. Yesterday, a top Iranian official said to Richard Engel of NBC news that they're ready to sign a nuclear deal with certain conditions with President Trump. Ali Shahani a top political military and nuclear advisor to the Ayatollah, Ali Khomeini is one of the most senior Iranian officials to speak publicly about the ongoing discussions. He said that Iran would commit to never making nuclear. Oh, maybe they, they, they, they're pledging to be goody goody gumdrops.


Wow. They're pledging to be just the best, probably, probably they'll keep their word. The Iranians have never lied to anybody. The Iranian regime, the al has never lie to anybody. They're perfectly honest all the way across the board. And if you believe that I have a bridge in Brooklyn that is for sale, he said Iran would commit to never making nuclear weapons, getting rid of its stockpiles of highly enriched uranium, which can be weaponized, agreed to enrich uranium only to the lower levels needed for civilian use. Okay, what does that mean? If you keep your nuclear facilities and you can enrich to 3.67%, then you can also Ramp up the centrifuges and enrich to 70 or 80 or 90%. That is the whole point of keeping them. Iran does not need nuclear energy. It is one of the most oil rich states on earth. Why are they looking for nuclear energy in Iran?


Because they're so green in Iran. They're environmentalists. Are they? That's the, that's the suggestion. All in exchange for immediate lifting of all economic sanctions on Iran. Shahani said they'd sign an agreement today if those conditions were met that you bet your asked they would because those conditions mean that they get a nuclear weapon in short order and their economy is open. And notice some of the conditions that are not placed there. Using that economic foundation to build back its terror bases, using that economic foundation to build ballistic missiles. Of course they'd sign on to that 'cause it's just the Obama deal that Donald Trump called the worst deal in human history. You can't just take the Obama deal stamp a big T on it and call it a good deal.


It ain't how this works. President Trump, however, was expressing optimism about the Iranian deal yesterday here. He was Probably read today the story about Iran has sort of agreed to the terms they're not gonna make out. I call it in a friendly way, nuclear dust. We're not gonna be making any nuclear dust in Iran and we've been strong. I want them to succeed. I want them to end up being a great country, frankly. But they can't have a nuclear weapon. That's the only thing. It's very simple. It's not like I have to give you 30 pages worth of details. There's only one sentence. They can't have a nuclear weapon. And I think, I think we're getting close to maybe doing a deal without having to do the, there's two steps.


There's a very, very nice step and there's a violence step. The violence like people haven't seen before. And I don't, I hope we're not gonna have to do this. I don't want to do the second step. Some people do, many people do. I don't want to do that step. So we'll see what happens. But we're in very serious negotiations with Iran for long-term peace. And if we do that, it'll be fantastic. Okay, so I'm just gonna make one thing clear when he says, the only thing is they can't have a nuclear weapon. You don't need 30 pages of detail. You absolutely need 30 pages of detail. Abso fricking lly. You need the detail. They can't have a nuclear weapon just means they can't have the actual nuclear weapon.


How about the centrifuges that can spin it up in two weeks? Can they have those? That's the question. Do they have the capa, the capability to develop a nuclear weapon? How about if we open sanctions on them? Can they use that to rebuild Hezbollah or Kamas or Islamic Jihad or fund the Houthis? What can they use the money for? Right there are a bunch of, like that 30 pages makes a big difference. You know, it, it turns out putting on my lawyer hat for a moment, that when people structure the outline of deals, all the devil always is in the details because the deal he's talking about right there is the Obama Iran deal. It is just the J-C-P-O-A Congress has already said that's not gonna fly. By the way, congressional Republicans are saying, no, it's complete denuclearization.


And President Trump himself has said consistently complete denuclearization. If somehow his special envoy, Steve Witkoff or anybody else in the Trump orbit tries to steer him in the direction of the J-C-P-O-A, it will be one of the most giant fails of Trump administration too. The Iranians are counting on their ability to play these people. That's what they're counting on. Qatar is counting on its ability to play these people, the Trump administration, that that's what they're counting on. And Right now, Right now, president Trump should make clear that he is not going to be played on all of this. This means conditions attached, for example, to the de sanctioning of Syria. It means actual pressure on Turkey, which needs our F 30 fives to stop its support for terrorism.


It means, for example, that Qatar should be cut off at the knees in its support for terrorism. And frankly, if Qatar wanted tomorrow, what, what he just showed by the release of I Don Alexander, is that if Qatar decides to tell Hamas what to do, Hamas actually listens. If the United States actually wanted to end the conflict in Gaza, they could do it literally today. The Trump administration could just say to Qatar, here's the deal. The airbase goes away, it moves over to UAE unless all the hostages come out and Kamas goes into exile. That'd be the end of the war today, literally today. But that would require seeing Qatar clearly for what it is, which is a, which is a deceitful state that plays both sides and stuffs cash wherever it can find it, oil cash that they're digging outta the ground.


And meanwhile, in other non salutatory news, Tulsi Gabbard, who is the director of National Intelligence, she's consolidating control of the President's daily brief. Why does that matter? Well, because the information that President Trump receives when it comes to intelligence matters an awful lot to his decision making. So Tulsi Gabbard is now attempting to sort of centralize the power over the daily brief, and she's doing so in ways that seem to sort of be geared toward confirming the president's priors on a wide variety of issues. Gabbard s decision, according to the New York Times, comes as President Trump has openly mused to aids over time about whether the office she leads should actually continue to exist.


Office announced the decision internally on Tuesday. The memo said there was much to be worked out about the transition timelines and our own processes. Again, the, the goal here with regard to the daily brief is to take control away from, for example, the CIA whose current director is John Ratcliffe. One of the reasons that she's doing that, presumably, is because there was a controversy that arose over Venezuela. So for example, Gabbard removed the acting chair of the National Intelligence Council, Michael Collins and his deputy. Why? Well, because he had actually written along with the rest of the council that Venezuela is not In fact actively deploying members of Trenda argu MS 13 into the United States.


And President Trump has used that idea as a lever for using the Alien Enemies Act for deportations. Okay, well the it's either true or it's not okay. If the, if it's not true, then sure fire them. But if In fact it is true, then simply censoring the intelligence that reaches the president because it, it doesn't match with his priors. That is not a good way to make policy. Reality continues to exist whether you like it or not. In February, the intelligence community circulated an assessment that reached the opposite conclusion. The administration asked the National Intelligence Council to take a second look at the available evidence, and the National Intelligence Council reaffirmed what the intelligence community was saying. And so Laura Loomer then attacked the National Intelligence Council as career anti-Trump bureaucrats who needed to be replaced if they wanted to promote open borders.


Again, the job of the DNI, the job of the intelligence community is to provide best available intelligence. It is not supposed to be politically driven. It is not a good thing if you are firing people, not based on your belief that they're doing a bad job, but based on the idea that the facts that they're presenting to the president don't match with the things you want the president told. That is not a good thing. It turns out intelligence bubbles have had some pretty dire ramifications over the years. The most obvious being the invasion of Iraq, which was based on an intelligence bubble suggesting universal support for the idea that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction. What you want is the best available intelligence available to the president full time all the time without some sort of political bias or censorship being attached. On top of that, the president, when given full information, makes good decisions.


If you deprive him of full information, that is a problem. Meanwhile, on the foreign front, there were talks that were supposed to be happening in Turkey with regard to Ukraine. Vladimir Putin originally said that he was gonna show up in Ukraine. Vladimir Zelensky said, I'd like a 30 day cease fire and then I'll show up. President Trump pressured Zelensky Zelensky said, okay, and then he showed up in Turkey and Putin then didn't show. Instead he sent a second tier team of negotiators to hold peace, talks with Ukraine and Sper keeps challenged to go there in person to meet with Zelensky. Of course, the reason that Putin won't meet with Zelensky is he claims that Zelensky is an illegitimate leader, which is an amazing statement from a man who's consolidated his power over the course of the last two and a half decades by murdering nearly all of his political opponents or jailing them.


In any case, president Trump kind of changed his tune on this originally yesterday he was saying that maybe he would fly to Turkey if Putin showed up to help broker this thing. Here's what he had to say yesterday. Well, I don't know if he showing up. I know he, he would like me to be there and I said, possibility we could end the warrant. I you take tomorrow. We're all booked out. You understand that? We said, but you go, he goes, gonna go UAE tomorrow. And so we have a very full situation. Now that doesn't mean I wouldn't do it to save a lot of lives and come back, but yeah, I think they're thinking about something. I don't know that he would be there if I'm not there.


Okay. And, and then President Trump reversed himself after Putin said that he wasn't gonna go. And he said, ah, he was never gonna go. So originally President Trump was like, maybe he'll go and then I'll show up and we'll, we'll actually make a deal. And then Putin said he wasn't gonna go and Trump said, no, no, no, it was never gonna happen. Mr. President, are you disappointed in the level of the delegation that the Russians sent to Turkey? No clue I Don about, I'm not disappointed in anything. Where are, who are you from? I'm BBC news. I'm not disappointed. Why would I be disa we just took in $4 trillion. And he says, are you disappointed about a delegation? I know nothing about a delegation. I haven't even checked. Look, nothing's gonna happen until Putin and I get together. Okay? And obviously he wasn't gonna go, he was gonna go, but he thought I was gonna go.


He wasn't going if I wasn't there. And I don't believe anything's gonna happen, whether you I like it or not until he and I get together. But we're gonna have to get it solved because too many people are dying. Okay? So you know, again, the, this sort of idea that that too many people are dying, we need to get, so if Putin never shows up, what's the plan? Then? Russia continues to make outsized demands. By the way, Russia is demanding territory it hasn't even occupied yet in Ukraine, according to its newest round of proposals, according to the New York Times, Andre Carlov, the head of the defense Committee in the lower chamber of Russian parliament, reiterated his message on Tuesday saying Ukraine needed to recognize that the Russian military was advancing in 116 directions.


If Ukrainians did not want to talk, they must listen to the language of the Russian bayonet. And so Putin continues to sort of run around and, and not go to the negotiations while constantly maintaining a vigilant and increased military presence in Eastern Ukraine. You know what, what is the alternative going to be? I mean, presumably it's going to be President Trump saying that we continue to support the Ukrainians to prevent them from collapsing. And to President Trump's absolute credit, he is recognizing what Putin is doing Right now in some ways. So President Trump in recent weeks asked advisors if they think that Putin has changed since his last time in office and expressed surprise to some of Putin's military moves, including bombing areas with children.


That is according to the Wall Street Journal, okay? So at least he's waking up to the reality that is a good thing. It also happens to be that he is, I think, becoming increasingly concerned with the simple fact that the Russians have kidnapped tens of thousands of Ukrainian children back into Russia for some sort of radical indoctrination. Now, all of that, again, reality just exists and as I've said before, president Trump is very much attuned to reality. And so the more he's attuned to the reality, the better his policies will be. Here are some realities on the forefront. Vladimir Putin is not going to come to the negotiating table unless he believes he has no other real alternative. Two, Qatar is attempting to manipulate the president of the United States, states and American foreign policy.


Three, Iran is not going to denuclearize. They are not, they've openly said this, this is not conjecture. They're not going to denuclearize in any way, shape, or form that provides any sort of security for the Saudis, for the UAE, for the Israelis or anyone else. The Iranians are targeting four Gelani in Syria needs to be held to account before you start shoveling money into his pockets. Five Erdogan in Turkey is a disaster area. And trusting Erdogan in Turkey with American foreign policy is about as bad an idea as I can think of. Those are all realities, okay? And so whether or not those realities are acknowledged, they'll continue to exist. Reality is undefeated.


And again, the reason President Trump historically has done well is because he recognizes reality. I think he will again, I hope sooner rather than later. Meanwhile, RFK Jr headed over to the hill for a grilling from lawmakers on a wide variety of topics. Actually, one of the people who's kicked out at the very beginning of his grilling on Capitol Hill was Ben and Jerry's co-founder Ben Cohen, who's recently on Tucker Carlson spewing about his views of foreign policy, which obviously are trash, but you know, his ice cream is tasty. We'll say that in any case. RFK showed up and made some really good points and then he was grilled on some not so wonderful points. So on the good points, RFK Jr had been ripped by Rose Deloro, she of the purple hair from Connecticut because she was upset with how grants were being held up or spent under HHS.


And here is RFK slamming her back. Allow me to answer that by pointing out the Abso absolute cataclysmic disorganization of this agency under your oversight. For 40 years we had nine separate spend. They were nine separate offices of women's health. When we consolidate them, the Democrats say we're eliminating them or not. We're still appropriating the 3.7 billion, but we're not keeping all nine. We had eight separate offices for minority health. We eliminated one. We had 27 HIV offices. Okay, let, Let me just, I'm gonna interrupt.


We had 59 behavioral health Program. I'm well over time. Okay? So again, good for RFK Junior also Democrats went after RFK Junior for supposedly cutting into Medicaid and he made the point that we were talking about earlier, which is that what they're actually attempting to do is get people who are on Medicaid to do the work that they're supposed to do to be eligible so that they're not engaging in Medicaid fraud. He obviously is right about that. He also talked about some of the changes that he's been making that even some Democrats are happy with, especially concerning things like food dies. Anybody thinks that we did gold standard medicine in this country from these institutions? Look at our children as the sickest children in the world.


Lori, you say that you've go, excuse me, Congressman Deloro, you say that you've worked for 20 years on getting food die out, gimme credit. I got it out in a hundred days. I'll give you that credit. Alright, so let's work together and do something that we all believe in, which is have healthy kids in our country for god's sake, Mr. Ms. Dean, we can move that together. It's not, there's no such thing as Republican children or democratic children. There's just kids. Again, this is the stuff, this is the stuff that makes RFK junior popular across the aisle is the fact that he does talk in these sort of universalist terms now where he did get himself in some hot water as he was talking about vaccines and his comments on the Covid vaccine and whether it should be on the Child V schedule.


Of course the covid vaccine should not be on the child vax schedule. That's ridiculous. As I've said before, I took the Covid vaccine originally because we were told by the, by the Pfizers and the White House actually that it was gonna prevent transmission, which it turns out there was no data to support and was not true. But when it came to my kids, none of my kids were vaccinated because the statistics on vaccination for children were sketchy at best and damaging at worst. And so, you know, there, there was, there was really a lot of counterproductive data suggesting that In fact, one of the people who we had on routinely during the pandemic, Dr. Marty McGarry, is now one of the heads of President Trump's health division. While Senator Kennedy went beyond that, he was asked specifically about the measles vaccine and he started talking about the, the problems with the measles vaccine.


And here you get into hot water because some of the stuff he's saying here is not factually accurate. You also promised Chairman Cassidy that the FDA would not change vaccine standards from quote historical norms. But what happened as soon as you were sworn in, you announced new standards for vaccine approvals that you proudly referred to in your own press release as a radical departure from current practice. And experts say that that departure will delay approvals. You also said specific to the measles vaccine that you support the measles vaccine, but you have consistently been undermining the measles vaccine. You told the public that the vaccine wanes very quickly.


You went on the Dr. Phil show and said that the measles vaccine was never fully tested for safety. You said there's fetal debris in the measles vaccine and this morning all true, All true This morning in front of do You want me to lie to the public? That's not, none of that, none of that. Of course it's true. Of course it's true. Senator, you, your senator egging your I'll submit. Do not know what you're talking about. Submit. Okay, so you know, the, the idea that that the measles vaccine has not been extensively tested. I mean it's been deployed for literally decades. So actually we do have really good evidence on the measles vaccine. The, the notion that there's fetal tissue that's in the measles vaccine. No, the in in the development of the measles vaccine fetal stem cells from lines that were developed in the 1960s have been used, but that's not the same as like fetal tissue.


You don't have like fetal tissue that's roaming around in the measles vaccine or whatever. And it's that sort of stuff that actually undermines a lot of the good stuff that I think RFK JR is attempting to do. Overall Democrats really did not lay a significant glove on RFK Junior in the end. Meanwhile, how much is President Trump winning on issues like immigration? He's winning so much that Gavin Newsom is now back walking in enormous part of his own agenda. So he is now proposed scaling back healthcare for illegal immigrants. According to the New York Times, quote, governor Gavin Newsom on Wednesday called for California to scale back healthcare coverage for undocumented immigrants to help balance the state budget retrenching on his desire to deliver universal healthcare for all.


That move came two days after the Trump administration targeted a different state funded program for immigrants in California and signaled it would continue to scrutinize benefits for undocumented individuals. Again, it's always the New York Times saying undocumented individuals, they're called illegal immigrants. In a budget presentation on Wednesday, Mr. Newsom proposed freezing the enrollment of undocumented adults in the state's version of Medicaid known as Medi-Cal as soon as January. So he is back walking a lot of this stuff, which of course is perfectly predictable from a man who wants to run in the sort of moderate lane for the Democratic Party for president. Fascinating to watch him revise all that. Speaking of his home state of California, The Daily Wire is now reporting on continued discrimination at UCLA Geffen School of Medicine.


That's actually where my wife went to medical school. Apparently according to The Daily Wire on May 8th, 2025, do no harm, sued the Geffen School of Medicine for racial discrimination in admissions. The Geffen Dean of admissions has both publicly and privately said she uses race as a factor in making admissions decision. A white do no harm member was unfairly rejected by Geffen. Despite stellar academic achievements and whistleblowers. Describe how the Geffen Admissions Committee routinely gives black and Latino applicants a pass for subpar metrics saying that whites and Asians need near perfect scores to even be considered. They continue, by the way, not to produce MCAT scores in response to public records requests. SAMAT scores would be a great way of telling whether there are people getting in who should not be getting in.


If there are a bunch of people who aren't getting in with high thirties MCAT scores and a bunch of people getting in with twenties MCAT scores so long as they have the right race, that's obviously racial discrimination. So I would presume this isn't gonna stay a civil lawsuit. Obviously, if this sort of thing is happening at UCLA School of Medicine, that's a violation of the equal protection clause of the constitution, the DOJ could step in. So we'll stay on top of that case obviously. And meanwhile, in in sort of the the biggest nice news of the day, Klau Schwab, who is the bizarre James Bond villain mastermind of the World Economic Forum, it turns out that he may have been a scam artist. According to the Wall Street Journal, Schwab was seemingly headed for a graceful exit from the organization he founded more than a half century ago.


After a 2024 investigation by the Wall Street Journal exposed evidence of a toxic culture at the forum for Women and black employees, which again, it's it's delicious to watch all of these people who push wokeness and DEI and all this nonsense now be eaten by the machine they created. By Friday, April 18th, the trustees' audit committee recommended opening a probe into a new wave of whistleblower allegations against Schwab and his wife, Hilde incensed Klaus Schwab fired, fired off a two paragraph message to the board's audit committee threatening trustees with an investigation into how they were carrying out their duties. That email was specifically aimed at stopping trustees from responding formally to accusations that for years the Schwab's improperly intermingled their personal finances with the well endowed nonprofits accounts.


Instead, that letter, that threatening letter, backfired Afab. So again, he had handpicked executives at the forum and then fired employees who crossed him and his wife was granted wide leeway as the head of a forum link foundation. But it turns out that probably there was an intermingling of funds, or at least there. Those are the allegations. There are allegations that he was using private flights, for example, that he was having enormous fees paid to people associated with him and all the rest. So it is perfectly on brand that that all of this is now backfiring on Klaus Schwab, that one of the great elitist of all time who believed that basically the world should be remade from the top of Davos is now falling apart.


Behind the scenes tensions ran high and in August, 2024, email to trustees Schwab defended his legacy. Quote, I could have created the form as a commercial company since I carried the full entrepreneurial and financial risk when creating the forum. I would now probably be celebrated as a self-made billionaire. However, again, the controversy continued to royal. There are 11 areas of complaints ranging from allegations of misuse of forum resources to cla Schwab's behavior with female employees, including personal remarks and other communications that made the women uncomfortable and his son Olivier Schwab's handling of the sexual harassment issue, it expanded on other alleged governance failures, including lavish spending on a luxury property called Villa Mundy. A project overseen by Hilde Schwab.


The forum spent $30 million on the mansion next to its headquarters overlooking Lake Geneva and launched into a roughly $20 million renovation and Hilde steered the project and she maintained control over how the World Economic Forum could use that property, limited an entire floor just for the Schwab's exclusive use. So yeah, unsurprising but delicious nonetheless. And meanwhile, a brand new poll shows that the Democratic front runner, I've been saying this, the Democratic front runner for 2028 for the Democrats, A OC, according to a new poll taken by coefficient from May 7th to May 9th, 26% of those surveyed say they think no one is the face of the of the Democratic Party.


But 26% say that it's Alexander Ocasio-Cortez. Bernie Sanders receives 12%. So you combine those two and you're talking about 38% of the Democratic vote believes that either Bernie or a OC is the face of the Democratic party, Bernie's not running, he's gonna shift that support over to a OC. So you could theoretically be talking of upward of 30% support for a OC going into the Democratic primaries in 2028. That is a disaster area for all of these other candidates. And it shows how wildly to the left, the Democratic party is swinging. Meanwhile, a OC continues to posture for the cameras. So she had a bit of a run-in in Congress the other day after representative Randy Weber accused a OC of grandstanding for the cameras, which is of course her mo here she was responding.


Alright, I'm gonna, I'm gonna have to stop. I'm gonna reclaim my Time. Okay, what about Miscarriage time? Thank you. What about miscarriage? I'm reclaiming my time. Thank you. I just wanna make the point that we'd like for you to address the Republicans and let's have a dialogue this way and not to a camera. There are 13.7 million Americans on the other side of that screen right there. Hello. Hello. I'm talking to you because I work for you. That's right. And they deserve to see what is happening here because there are plenty of districts, including Republican ones where 25% of your constituents are on Medicaid, 40% of your constituents are on Medicaid.


And yes, I am talking, Well the gentle lady yield, I am talking to them and I will not yield because it was a terribly disrespectful comment and, and I will not yield to disrespectful men. Thank you very much. Oh my gosh, you'll not yield to disrespectful men. This is the kind of stuff that earns you street cred in the inside the Democratic party. And still she persisted. We saw this routine with Kamala Harris. We saw this routine with Elizabeth Warren and now a OC is trying to play this car as well. Stephen A. Smith for his part. He's saying here's the problem, A OC, even if she were to get to a general election, is gonna have a problem in that general election. A OC who is 35 years of age, has emerged as a leading voice for Democrats.


But some within the party are concerned. She'll turn off centrist voters who are needed in the swing states that Trump swept in November for the record, they're absolutely right. She will turn off interest if you believe that higher taxes is the way to go, that a focus shouldn't be on securing the borders if you believe those kind of things. And that's where you stand ideologically. A OC is your candidate. And not to be literal, not to be taken literally, but she gives the impression that when you talk about universal healthcare and you talk about other things, if it equated to taxing American 70% of the of their of their income, she wouldn't be against it.


That ain't gonna win you elections. Okay? So again, I think he's right, but will Democrats be able to escape? That gonna be difficult to see how Democrats escape the A OC juggernaut that is coming?


Well meanwhile, amidst all of this economic uncertainty, one consistent winner has been gold. I've talked about this before. Obviously Birch Gold is one of our big sponsors here at The Ben Shapiro Show. I full disclosure personally invest with Birch Gold. Philip Patrick is a precious metal specialist and spokesman for a Birch Gold Group. He joins us Right now to discuss the status of the American dollar and where we are. Philip, thanks for taking the time. Thanks for having me Ben. So let's talk about the status of the dollar Right now. There's been a significant amount of de dollarization over the course of the last couple of months, but it's been going on for years at a time. First of all, why don't we talk about what that means. Why is the global reserve status for American currency important? Yeah, look it, it's very important. It gives the us what's called exorbitant privilege, right? It's allowed cheap borrowing thanks to huge global demand for our dollars and massive control over global financial flows. In essence, the US has the veto power over any nation's ability to engage in international trade. It's allowed the federal government, of course, to run massive deficits without facing immediate collapse. So ultimately, I think it's made American capital markets dominate the globe and ultimately made us the wealthiest nation in history. So I think it's hard to overstate how important global reserve currency status is. It underpins our economic diplomatic and I think military power worldwide. Okay, so let's talk about the status of the dollar, given the fact that there's a lot of economic uncertainty. We've been hearing rumors about an upcoming meeting of the so-called bricks nations. That'd be Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa. They're meeting in Rio de Janeiro this summer. What is the goal? Look, I, I think officially it's another working session between bureaucrats talking about economic cooperation. Unofficially though the bricks leadership are expected to announce major advancements essentially in a shadow financial system, a 21st century alternative to the existing dollar denominated system. Inside sources are hinting now at a coordinated push to link the various systems that they've created over the last decade. Things like Enbridge and Brix pay and commodity settled trade with the goal of making dollar free international transactions possible at scale. Ultimately, I think it's a culmination of their ongoing project to reduce the dollars monopoly as global reserve currency. So given the fact that there are all these nations aligning against the American dollar, that obviously means that, that you would expect that gold will be more in demand. I mean there, there's a a, an attempt by all these nations to find some sort of new global reserve. The, the Russian currency is not strong enough to, to withstand that. Neither is the Chinese currency. All these are subject to manipulation. And so you're seeing people rush for various safe havens. Gold obviously historically has been one of the big safe havens. Maybe the key safe haven. It it's exactly correct and we're seeing it. So US dollar holdings by central banks has are, are 30 year lows. Gold buying by central banks have hit records year on year on year for the last three years. And actually last year officially gold overtook the Euro as the number two global reserve asset. And it's for the exact reason that you mentioned right? Russia, China, countries like this, they want to de dollarize. They want to take that non-kinetic weapon away from us, but they don't have a viable alternative. So they're using gold as a means to de dollarize. The longer that happens, the more that gathers steam, ultimately the weaker the dollar becomes. So it, it's, it's becoming problematic for sure. Alright, well that is Philip Patrick precious battle specialists in spokesman for Birch Gold Group. As you say, they're a sponsor on the show. If you wish to check them out and get involved, then you should actually check out Birch Gold Group. You text my name Ben to 98. 98. 98 to get started today. Philip, thanks so much for the time. Thank you.


Alrighty. Coming up, we are going to be reviewing the brand new Superman trailer. Plus Dove is in trouble because they're now Dylan Mulvaney themselves. Remember, in order to watch you have to be a member. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.