
We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things, Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success, call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank


Well folks, we are in the middle of the most heated presidential contest of our lifetime. It is a dead heat. The Dems switched out their candidate and now the Republicans are running against a different candidate with whom they are locked in what seems to be a bit of a death battle. We'll get to that in a moment. First, your reminder, we're bringing updates all the time. It's gonna be a big interview tonight between Kamala, Harris and CNN Also involving Tim. Walls will be pre tape. I will be reacting immediately tonight upon the NN interview But. in order to be notified about that sort of stuff, you have to get 35% off your new Daily Wire Plus membership with Code Fight at DailyWire dot com slash subscribe. You'll get uncensored unfiltered ad free shows, realtime breaking news alerts and more Most, importantly, you'll get the truth.


The legacy media are covering up every single day. so here is the current status of the race. It's dead heat. That's the current status of the race. I'm link the real clear politics polling average right now, Kamala Harris is up by about a point and a half in the national polling. She's currently leading in Wisconsin. By less than a point. Pennsylvania is a complete total dead heat. Trump is up by 0.1 percentage points, which of course means nothing. Kamala Harris is up a couple and a half points in Michigan. Trump is up a 0.2 in Arizona, 0.6 in Nevada, 0.9 in North Carolina and 0.3 in Georgia. In other words, every one of these states is within margin of error. Every single one of these states is within margin of error, which means that this race right now can turn on pretty much anything.


Now the next big event obviously is gonna be this interview tonight. Kamala Harris is pret taping that interview today because of course they were never going to allow her live in front of a camera by herself. She's got her emotional support dog. Tim Walls there. He's like a corgi of politics, very eager, not particularly bright. He's gonna be there so that she can pet him and feel and feel good. And then if things start to get a little outta control, like you know, she's asked a real question. Tim Walls can jump in and start gesticulating wildly with his hands and being a weirdo, so that'll be really exciting. She's gonna need his help because here's the problem. Every time she goes off script, of course she's a disaster area here. For example, she was campaigning with Tim Walls yesterday and she went and met with a bunch of children and Kamala Harris really has down the irritating adult who's never met a child routine.


And I have four children. I deal with kids on a regular basis. There's nothing more irritating to a child than being talked down to by an adult. And by the way, there's nothing more irritating to an adult than being talked down to by an adult. But here was Kamala Harris meeting with a bunch of children. It I, I swear you get her off the teleprompter and she's like a robot that is on the fritz. She starts, she starts spazzing out. It's bizarre. It's really weird. She starts making strange hand motions. She, she can't string together a sentence. She starts just mouthing platitudes, the most banal platitudes you could possibly imagine. And in the background, of course you have that emotional support.


Corgi, Tim Walls, the dumb sitcom dad who is nodding along enthusiastically as though she's saying something of any sort of intelligence here. Here's Kamala Harris yesterday on the campaign trail. There are countries counting on you. All of you, you're leaders. She's giving her fake sense. Your Face matter fact that you all are here in history doing what you do. Look incredible school doing it as one. Is casting a spell or Is she understanding all of the different parts that fit together? All different parts to create a team, A team. That's what a team is. Guys, do you understand?


Do you understand what a team is? It's a little hard to hear what she's saying there. It doesn't matter because she's not saying anything. This is her whole shtick. When she starts going with the hands, you know, she's got nothing to say. Nothing. And this is what they're afraid of in this interview that's supposed to be broadcast tonight, obviously Donald Trump's press secretary correctly pointed out that she has to have Tim Walls there for the interview because she is definitely afraid. Right? Here's Carolyn Levitt saying she wants to be a powerful woman, but she needs to bring dad along. That absolutely is true, by the way. Now Democrats said it's amazing Democrat media, human centipede, they are trying to proclaim that this is nothing new. After all.


When a presidential candidate selects a vice president, they very often do some sort of joint interview. Paul Ryan and MIT Romney did a joint interview. Hillary Clinton, Tim Cain, right? It's pretty normal. The difference is usually the person who has been running for president has done a few interviews before being the nominee. Kamala Harris has done zero public interviews before being the nominee or after being the nominee. As it turns out, the reason that she's bringing along Tim Walls is to eat up the time and because she's hoping that Dana Bash over at CNN will make the interview all about their relationship with one another and how, how they're really sympa, how they're gonna work together in the White House and avoid all issues. And if there is an issue again, the Corgi jumps up and starts humping Dana B's leg.


Presumably. That is how this interview they hope is going to work. Here's Carolyn Levitt pointing this out. She's finally sitting down for an interview, but not by herself. She's sitting down with her running mate Tim Walls, and I think it's quite sad that the woman trying to be the first female president of the United States needs her male running mate by her side in her first sit down interview. It is sad And. it is pathetic And. it is a disgrace that she has yet to answer for any of her actual policy positions, which we'll get to in a minute. But she's running strong right now and one of the reasons she's running strong is she's spending exorbitant amounts of cash right now. I mean blowing money.


Well folks. Kamala Harris is spending hundreds of millions of dollars to manipulate you on social media, and here's the thing, social media is also spending hundreds of millions of dollars, like all the time to manipulate you, and then they use your data to monetize all of that. The simple fact of the matter is that you need to deny the big tech companies your data. That's how they make money off of you. They take your data, they package it, they sell it to advertisers, and by the way, usually have some sort of backdoor to the federal government. So why not privatize your own data? Big tech is more powerful than most countries are at this point. They profit by exploiting your personal data, it's time to put a layer of protection between your online activity and these tech juggernauts. That's why I use Express VPN. Think about how much of your life is on the internet. Sadly, every single site you visit, video you watch, message you send gets tracked and data mine. When you run ExpressVPN on your device, the software hides your IP address, which is the thing that Big Tech uses to personally identify you. So ExpressVPN makes your activity harder to trace and sell to advertisers Express. VPN also encrypts 100% of your internet data to keep you safe from hackers and eavesdrops on your network, and ExpressVPN does all that without slowing your connection, which is why it's rated the number one VPN Service by Mashable and TechRadar. What I like most about ExpressVPN super easy to use, download that app on your phone or computer tab one button, you're now protected. Stop handing your personal data to the big tech monopoly that actually abuses you. Instead, protect yourself with ExpressVPN ExpressVPN dot com slash ben to get started. That's ex PR ess vpn.com/ben. Get three extra months for free ExpressVPN dot com slash ben right now to learn more.


Apparently, FWIW publisher Kyle Tharp has highlighted the fact that year to date, the Biden Harris campaigns have outspent Trump on digital $142.7 million to 25.7 million. So by a factor of about six, a little under six, they've outspent Trump on Facebook, Instagram, Google, and YouTube. That's why you can't watch like a cocoa melon video with your kid without seeing a Kamala Harris for president ad. Meanwhile, TikTok is absolutely jogging her. Again, that site found that 24 of the top performing tiktoks last week mentioning Harris were negative. 74% were positive as opposed to the top mentioning Trump, 63% were negative on Trump, 36% were positive.


That also has to do with the fact that the ccp, the Chinese Communist Party is definitely interested in a Kamala Harris, Tim Wall's presidency for sure. Without doubt, all this is having a real world impact, not quite as great as the legacy media would hope, but it's having real world impact. Cook political report has now shifted North Carolina away from lean Republican to toss up. So North Carolina is now well within margin of error. Kamala Harris is trying to make a play to put Georgia back in play. She's out doing campaigning in the rural areas of Georgia. The idea would be that if she can bring down the margin in those rural areas, then she can win Georgia. If she only loses the outlying rural areas by 10 percentage points or so, then she can win big enough in say, the Atlanta Metro that she ends up winning the state of Georgia.


Again, the latest polls, according to the Washington Post show, Kamala Harris leading by two points in the national presidential polling average. She is also right now leading in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania, and she is within margin of error in the post polling average in North Carolina, Arizona, Nevada, and Georgia. Very close race. Fox News has some new polling out as well, and that polling shows Kamala Harris currently leading in Arizona by one, Georgia by two, Nevada by two Trump is up only one in North Carolina. Okay, now you could say that these are bad numbers for Trump and they're, they're not great numbers for Trump for sure. However, again, Kamala Harris has not been asked a single question Time to update the calendar gang.


We are now on day 40, 40 day 40 zero questions, day 40 of the campaign. Insane. Totally crazy day 40. So we'll find out whether Dana Bash does her job tonight. Honestly, this interview is gonna be more about Dana Bash than it is about Kamala, Harris or Tim Walls. For those of us who watch politics, we know exactly what Kamala Harris's responses are gonna be. Absolute word, salad, horse crap that that's what you're gonna get. The question is whether Dana Bash actually tries to do her job and it's a bit of a rock and a hard place for Dana Bash if she does her job and asks hard questions and pushes a little bit on Kamala Harris. If Tim Walls jumps in and she says to Tim Walls, governor, I'd love to hear your thoughts, but I'm really here to talk to the presidential candidate.


You are the Vice Presidential candidate and you have very little relevance when it comes to policy. We are told by your own campaign, and the VP is not responsible for what the president does. That's Kamala Harris' entire campaign. So I wanna hear from the candidate what she thinks. If she actually pushes Kamala Harris, she won't be able to go to any of the nice cocktail parties and people at CNN will be very angry at her and the Democratic Party will cut her off at the knees if she does not push, she's not doing her basic job, so it'll be fascinating to see how she navigates that just on a sort of political level. But here is the thing, again, the entire Kamala Harris campaign relies on you knowing nothing about Kamala Harris first rule of Kamala Harris Fight Club. Nobody talks about Kamala Harris.


That is the first rule. You must never mention her positions. You must never mention what her crap administration has done. You must never mention any of these things, and you must certainly never attempt to get to the underlying philosophy that motivates her politics. You must never ever attempt to do that because if you dig a little bit, what you find is that the Democratic Party has gone so far to the left, so radically far to the left, that they are now indistinguishable from the Democratic socialists of America. That is the reality. Look at the great intellectual luminaries of the Democratic party. I'm not talking about the politicians, I'm talking about the thought leaders. Among those thought leaders is one Nicole Hannah Jones. Now, you may not have heard about Nicole Hannah Jones recently because after all, she hasn't done any actual work for the last five years.


She wrote the absolutely fictitious 1619 project back in 2020. She was given a Pulitzer for that fictitious project. It is trash. The 1619 project. The entire thing is rooted in the idea that every element of American life is built on the foundation of slavery and thus morally corrupt evil and must be wiped away. The 1619 project falsies history, that's not me saying that. That is professional historians. Electron wildland, Gordon Wood have pointed out all of the flawed history in the 1619 project, for example, but this supposed genius was awarded a MacArthur Fellowship in 2017. She is the apotheosis of a democratic intellectual.


Nicole Hannah Jones, and I'll give her points for clarity. I mean it's stupid, but at least she's being clear.


There's one other area of your life where you need things to be clear. That'd be your phone line. Oh yeah, Pure Talk. We'll make sure that you have excellent cell phone coverage plus premium access to the media you actually care about. That's Pure. Talk again might be the best offer Pure Talk has ever come out with right now. When you switch your cell phone service to Pure Talk on a qualifying plan, you get a free one year Insider subscription to Daily Wire Plus. That is correct. Take advantage of unlimited talk, unlimited text, 15 gigs of data and mobile hotspot on America's most dependable 5G network for just 35 bucks a month and you get one year free of Daily Wire Plus. The Daily Wire Plus Insider plan gets you access to our entire library of movies, series and documentaries, including Lady Ballers, what is Woman Mr. Bertram Foundations of the West and more. Plus, you get all our daily shows uncensored and ad free. The only way you can get that special offer is by going to Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro. I'm telling you, for years, you're overpaying for your cell phone plan. If you haven't made the switch to Pure Talk, now is the time to do it. Go to Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro today, switch to a qualifying plan. Get one year free of Daily Wire Plus Insider. That's Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro today.


Well, she did a speech at the equity summit, according to Kimberly Bryant, who's the founder of the Black Innovation Lab and who's tweeting about the Equity Summit 2024. Here's what she said, quote, you know what Covid taught me that we have enough for everybody overnight. We printed $6 trillion. We had universal healthcare, we had universal basic income. Covid proved it's possible. Now, if that sounds like communism to you, that's because it is communism, and you may recall that Covid actually ended up with 40 year highs in inflation, a massively spiraling debt problem, the complete shutdown of the American economy.


You might remember that because you were there, but according to Nicole Hannah Jones, that was amazing. That is what America ought to look like. It ought to look like the government paying you to stay home, shutting down your business, and then compensating you for shutting down your business. The government ought to provide everything for free And. it will have no impact. Now, it's not a one-off here is what she had to say. This is back in June at the MLK library talking about her trash 1619 project. Do y'all remember this thing called a pandemic? Y'all remember that? Do you remember how when all of a sudden all of America was experiencing what black people experience regularly, right?


High unemployment rates, housing instability, inability to access healthcare, we printed three to $6 trillion overnight. Overnight, and all of a sudden you couldn't evict people, right? We had universal housing. Anybody who wanted to go get that shot didn't have to show a lick of paper, a dollar, nothing. You showed up and you got the shot. We paid people income, universal income. My cousin Shair, who's in the 1619 documentary in the capitalism episode, started working at 15 years old. The most she ever made was when she got laid off for Covid and got that check from the government to stay at home.


Wow. The most she ever made. And she cried about it because she was like, I have been able to save a thousand dollars for the first time in my life, only because all these people are dying out here. That's the first time America cared about me. Free money. So the proposal is free money. Now, you'll recall that the reason that the government compensated people is because the government told them they could not work. The government said, you cannot go to school. You cannot go into your place of work. You have to shut down your business. They shut down the entire country, and then they had to do something that people could remain living and and functional because they had literally taken away your livelihood, which is not the same thing as a high unemployment rate.


That results, for example, from high levels of high school dropout or high levels of single motherhood or high levels of dysfunction in the home or in the community or in the schools. Not the same thing, but this is the actual ideal. This is the thing that Democrats are shooting for. They won't say it out loud because if they ever said it out loud, people would recognize how ugly it is. The big problem with Nicole Hannah Jones for the Democrats is that she's constantly saying the thing out loud. That's her saying, and I, I wanna know what Kamala Harris disagrees with Nicole Hannah Jones about right there. Now, the reality is that the Biden Harris administration has tried a lot of this, And it, And it, and it's true that so many Democrats were enthusiastic about all of it.


I remember a few years ago, Ezra Klein, he was deeply unhappy at the inflation because he said we were doing something magical, had a whole column about it. We were doing something magical. When you blew money into the economy, modern monetary theory, that debt doesn't matter, that when you did this, you, you were actually creating a rising tide that was lifting all boats, but then it didn't work, and that was weird that it didn't work, and upsetting that it didn't work. The reality is, of course, it doesn't work. First of all, it's immoral. Money doesn't grow on trees. It's not magically popping out of the ground just 'cause the Federal Reserve says it is. So money is merely a mechanism of exchange. Money does not have its own inherent value.


Any more than inches have their own inherent value on a ruler, it is a measure of, it is a measurement and a, and a way of quantifying exchange that is all money is. That's all it's ever been. But for the Democrats, for the Democratic Party, for Kamala, Harris, the basic idea is the government can magically make money happen and then just give it out, and that's what makes the economy go. That is the basic theory of of leftism when it comes to economics. It's the basic Keynesian theory when it comes to how economics should work, and the actual result is people feel left behind because it doesn't actually work this way. According to the Wall Street Journal, a July Wall Street Journal, NRRC poll of 1,502 US adults shows a stark gap between people's wishes and their expectations.


Americans overwhelmingly desire all the traditional trappings of the American dream, owning a home, having a family, looking forward to a comfortable retirement. Very few believe that they can easily achieve it. Now, here's the question. We are now spending year on year more money than any country in the history of the planet, any country in the history of the planet, and yet fewer Americans feel they can achieve all the things that the government has been promising them, the home, the family, the retirement. That's not a spending problem, folks, that is something else that is a perversion of all the incentives that lead people to make the right decisions that allow them to build a home and a family and a retirement. 89% of respondents to this poll said, owning a home is either essential or important to their vision of the future, but only 10% said home ownership is easy or somewhat easy to achieve.


Well, you know whose fault that might be? I mean it might be the fault of the Biden Harris administration, at least in large part because as it turns out, Harris and Biden have created the most unaffordable housing market in history. According to the latest data, Fox Business says, home prices hit a new record in June amid an ongoing housing shortage. Even as high mortgage rates continue to push affordability out of reach for millions of Americans, we now have effectively stagnation and stagflation with regard to the real estate market. The report adds prices increased 5.4% nationally in June when compared with the previous year, which is only down slightly from the 5.9% pace recorded the previous month. Bright ml S'S Chief Economist told Fox, the upward pressure on home prices is making this the most unaffordable housing market in history.


First time moderate income home buyers in particular increasingly are being left out of the housing market. Why? Well, I mean part of it is because of all the restrictions the Democrats have put on building all across the country. Then it turns out that you inflate the currency, which means in increasing the interest rates, which means higher mortgage rates. And then because nobody wants to sell their home to get into a higher mortgage, there's just no, there's no actual available market. So I have a lot of money floating around, which is pushing up the bidding prices on a shrinking market because nobody wants to get out of their current mortgage that is at two and a 5% to get into a 7% mortgage, and that is all the policies that are being driven by the Democrats.


Why do Americans feel that the housing market is unaffordable? That would be why, according to that same Wall Street Journal poll, financial security in a comfortable retirement or similarly, similarly labeled as essential or important by 96% and 95% of people respectively, but rated as easy or somewhat easy to pull off by only nine and 8%. I mean, why is that we're not spending more money than we have ever spent on Social security ever again in human history. Why don't people feel their retirement is secure? Part of it is because social security is a defined benefits plan. It's not a defined contribution plan. It's a defined benefits plan. And because we didn't take that money and do what George Dolby Bush suggested back in 2005, which was take that money, put that money and say an index fund and leave it there.


Imagine, by the way, how much money would be in the Social Security Index Fund if we actually had done what George W. Bush suggested back in 2005 when we were told by everyone that it was going to be the end of the world if we actually quote unquote privatized social security. Okay, let me just remind you, the Dow Jones Industrial average in 2005, in January of 2005, I'm looking at the table right now, was 10,603. That was the D, the DJIA, the Dow Jones Industrial in January, 2025 when George W. Bush was proposing that, and everyone went nuts, you're gonna endanger Social Security, you're gonna destroy Social Security and Bush's only point was it's a, it's a pyramid scheme.


If we just take your money and we put it in an index fund and leave it there until you retire, it'll be worth a lot more money. Well, as it turns out, again, 10,603, as of January 7th, 2005, today, the Dow Jones Industrial average is 41,000. Do you know how many trillions of dollars, trillions of dollars would've poured into Social security if we had done that? But no, we decided that government should run the program. It should run the program and raid the Social Security Fund for whatever they decide they need on any given day. That is democratic policymaking. You cannot bring the private markets into bear on any of this, and the result is people are deeply unhappy. There is a shock.


Democrats have said, everyone needs to go to college and we need to pour money into student loans, and the cost of college has shut up and the worth of a degree has dropped precipitously. Why? Because these are all Democrat policies.


Well, the reality is that pretty much all Democratic plans rely on more tax revenue, meaning stealing more money from you, but you might already be struggling with back taxes or unfiled returns. Handling this alone would be a huge mistake. It can cost you thousands of dollars in these challenging times. Your best offense is Tax Network USA. With over 14 years of experience, the experts at Tax Network USA have saved their clients millions in back taxes. Regardless of the size of your tax issue, their expertise will work to your Advantage Tax Network. USA offers three key services protection compliance, settlement. Upon signing up Tax Network, USA will immediately contact the IRS to secure a protection order ensuring that aggressive collection activities like garnishments, levies or property seizures are halted. If you haven't filed in a while, if you need amended returns or if you're missing records tax network, USA's expert tax preparers will update all your filings to eliminate the risk of IRS enforcement. Then they'll create a settlement strategy to reduce or eliminate your tax debt. The IRS is the largest collection agency in the world. Now, the tax season is over. Collection season has begun. Tax Network, USA can even help with state tax issues for a complimentary consultation, call today, one eight hundred nine five eight 1000 or visit their website at tn usa.com/shapiro. That's 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/shapiro today. Do not let the IRS take advantage of you. Get the help you need with Tax Network USA.


Here's the point. Democrat policies fail, but Kamala Harris has not been forced to answer for any of them. In fact, she runs screaming from her own proposals here, for example, yesterday was Harris spokesman, Michael Tyler, who's asked questions about her reversal on fracking. So back in 20 19, 20 20, she said she wanted to ban fracking one of the dumbest policy positions in American history. Fracking has single-handedly revolutionized global energy markets, brought in extraordinary amounts of power back to America, particularly in foreign policy term and also just in generalized economic terms. Democrats wanna shut it down because they actually don't like American power, and also they have this peculiar notion that fracking is somehow significantly worse for the economy than what importing oil from Saudi Arabia or something.


In any case, her prior position was banning fracking. Turns out that's kind of unpopular in states like Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania of course has Marcella Shale. It's one of the big industries over there. so here is the Harris Walls spokesperson. Michael Tyler running from questions about this. The vice president has changed her position on fracking in Pennsylvania. Do you know why she's changed her position? Listen, I mean she's been very clear here. She's proud of the work that she's done as a part of this administration, making sure that American energy production is at an all time high. We wanna continue that progress into her, her first term in office here. And again, I think whether it's energy policy, economic policy writ large, that you have a fighter in Kamala Harris who is actually keeping the interests of the American people front and center.


Okay? You may have noticed that that was not even remotely an answer to the question. That's called a filibuster right there. Meanwhile, her economic proposals continue to be trash. Remember, democratic tax policy is not about bringing down the deficit. The deficit will not be brought down by increased taxes, not at the level. Democrats are talking about. You can take all the money from the rich, all of it. It will not last for a year in terms of what Democrats are spending. If you actually want to radically revise American tax policy such to pay for all the programs that they're proposing, you have to increase the income tax to 60 to 70% for everyone, everyone making more than about 30 grand. How do I know that? 'cause that's precisely what happens in those glorious European countries that are so worshiped by people like Bernie Sanders, the highest tax rates kick in at what would at best be described as a middle class income.


Usually it's a lower middle class income. You just, there aren't enough people making that much money that you can take all of their money and pay for everything. That's not how any of this works. The Harris Walls administration, however, is In fact pursuing the insane proposal to tax unrealized capital gains, which again, is nuts. It's nuts in principle. It applies to people who have over a hundred million dollars in net assets or something. Okay? But again, how you measure that is variable because if I own stock in my own company and it's a privately held company, how exactly do you value that? Not particularly clear, but in principle, it's basically the same thing.


Just for purposes of understanding. As an analogy, you bought a house of $250,000, you held onto it, it's not worth a million dollars. You haven't sold the house, you're still living into it. You're still living in it. Under Kamala Harris's proposal is an analogy, the $750,000 upside would then be taxed at 25% that you would owe the government without having sold the house. That's what she's saying about stock in your company, for example, capital gains that you haven't sold. It's absolutely perverse. It's nuts. It's unconstitutional as well. Here's CNBC's Joe Kernan laughing at the Kamala Harris spokesman, Barak Rama on the capital gains tax proposal, And all of them, all the revenue that comes in from these unrealized gains taxes and the other taxes in the tax in the Harris plan are gonna go to what, creating what she calls more opportunity.


It's to make sure that, but it's not a tax. Every born in this country are $6,000 using The services. Well, look, I I, you're, you're arguing that this is some sort of foreign concept that's completely unknown. Well, it's And, it, it's probably unconstitutional. It's probably And. it And it was never in, in anyone's intent to, it's not not income to tax. It's not an income tax gain, and it's never gonna happen. Probably not in, not, well, my, I'm not gonna say my lifetime. I I wouldn't say that. Not in Becky's lifetime. Kamala Harris's capital gains tax proposal here. It's absolutely foolish who to undermine the health of the American economy, obviously.


But it's tough to prioritize your own health, especially if you're not sure where to start. That's why I'm excited to introduce Lumen. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. All you have to do is you breathe into your Lumen first thing in the morning, and you now know what's going on with your metabolism, which means you know, whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs. Forget those one size fits all diet fats. What sets Lumen apart is its ability to understand you on a personal level, but the crazy news cycle, all the travel I've been doing recently and all the travel I'm about to do, Lumen is an absolute lifesaver. It takes my unique metabolic data. It crafts a personalized nutrition plan for every day tailored to my body's needs and goals. With Lumen, you're not just getting a device, you're getting a health companion. Breathe into it before and after a workout or meal and gain real time insight into your body's metabolic response. Lumen will provide you with actionable tips to help you stay on top of your your health. If you wanna take the next step in improving your health, go to Lumen. Do me slash Shapiro, get 15% off your Lumen. That is LUME n.me. Use code Shapiro for 15% off your purchase. Again, Lumen dot me. Use Shapiro, get 15% off your Lumen today. Start making yourself healthier today with Lumen.


Okay? But here's the thing. If Democrats actually gain control of the Supreme Court, they would ram this through. They would pretend that it is a tax on income, even though the income has not been realized. By the way, there are all sorts of practical problems with it. Obviously, Cato Institutes tax policy director said quote, one of the practical challenges is appropriately accounting for losses when the value of an asset declines. So what exactly happens if I own my company and today it's worth a billion dollars, but then we make a bunch of mistakes and now my stock is with $500 million, do I get a rebate from the government? So in 2022, when Elon Musk's net worth declined by $182 billion, the government would've owed him a $45 billion check. All of it's unworkable and stupid. But again, it's not about that. It's about punishing people who earn.


That's what this is. It has always been about that because again, Democrats don't actually believe that you have to pay your debts. They believe in modern monetary theory. They believe that you can just blow out the spending. You can do the Nicole Hannah Jones thing of magically poof creating $6 trillion and just helicoptering it around with no impact on pricing, with no impact on supply and demand. It's really impressive how stupid these policies are, which is why Kamala Harris requires her Corgi there to help her through her explanation of these policies. They also require the help again, of the tail end of that Democrat media human centipede. So Kamala Harris is proposing $5 trillion in tax increases $5 trillion including a 28% federal corporate tax rate, and a 44.6% top capital gains and dividend tax rate, which would give America the highest total tax rate on corporate income in the developed world, the whole developed world.


That includes Britain, that includes Sweden, all of them, because you have to include it in that high state taxes, for example. All that get gets passed down to the workers. So how exactly do you sell this to the American people? Well, you lie. You lie. So for example, Axios has a piece today titled Trump plans would add $5.8 trillion to national debt. Now you're thinking to yourself, wait a second, Trump is not really proposing expanding spending in the same way that that Kamala Harris is proposing expanding spending, for example. Yeah, he wants spend a lot of money, but she's gonna spend more money. So how's it possible that he's gonna raise the national debt more the way they get to this number, the way that they get to this number is by suggesting that it is a government expenditure when you're allowed to keep your own money, that is the cheap trick that is played here.


So if I earn a hundred dollars and right now 35 of those dollars immediately go to the federal government, and Donald Trump comes in and he says, I'm lowering your tax rate. Now you're paying $30 to the federal government. These morons treat that as though Donald Trump has increased the national debt by $5. First of all, that assumes non-dynamic scoring in the economy. A dynamic scoring means that with the extra $5, I invest it, my a hundred dollars becomes $110 because I'm a good investor. And then that 30% tax rate actually encompasses more money, for example, right? That would be the basic idea. Or I earn $120 and and because I had my tax rate reduced from 35 to 30, there's higher net revenue, right?


This is basically the Laffer curve. The idea is that a growing pie, a smaller share of a growing pie is larger than a larger share of a shrinking pie. That is the basic logic here when it comes to tax. So there's doing non-dynamic scoring. By their logic, if you tax everybody a hundred percent, that would be the best policy because you'd solve all of your revenue problems immediately. Of course, that's really stupid. 'cause then nobody would bother working. There'd be no businesses and all the rest. That's number one. Number two, the basic notion that it ought to be included in the debt calculation when I get to keep my own money is ridiculous. The problem is a spending problem. It has always been a spending problem. The amount of money that the federal government takes in now is higher than any time in recorded history and the debt keeps going up.


Is that a tax rate problem or is that a massive problem with stagnating growth and high expenditures? Kamala Harris can't explain any of this because she's not been asked to and also because it makes no sense. So she's just gonna keep on flip flopping and according to Democrats, by the way, that's totally fine. Here, for example, is Democratic Savannah Ga. Mayor is Georgia Mayor Van Johnson asked about her flip flops and he's like, listen, flip-flopping is part of the natural course of life. It's like breathing. What do you make of of flip-flopping in this new political climate that we're in? Does it matter or is there a way for candidates to try and say, look, they've evolved?


Well, it is evolving. I've been in elected politics 21 years. This is my fifth year as mayor, and the way I thought 21 years ago is not the way that I think now. When you know better, you do better. You have different experiences. You receive new information, technology change. You hear from people, and so I think you know, that is a natural part of the ebb and flow as it relates to that. It is natural ebb and flow You. see, it's an ebb and flow. It's an evolution. Or she's lying or she's lying. By the way, half the policies Democrats are proposing aren't even constitutional. Yesterday the Supreme Court blocked Joe Biden's new student loan repayment plan.


So every two minutes, he brings out a new plan to end around the Supreme Court saying, you're not allowed to simply hand people money to get rid of their student loans. And he comes up with a new plan and the Supreme Court's like, Nope. Then he tries it again. They're like, Nope, no really just genius level stuff happening with this administration. Don't worry, Kamala Harris is responsible for none of it. In just one second, we'll get to the big democratic media lie of the day, and that is that Donald Trump did something very, very evil and terrible by going and visiting Arlington National SE Cemetery. In order to pay homage to 13 Americans who are murdered by the Taliban and their friends for a very limited time, get 35% off new Daily Wire Plus annual memberships of the code fight when you go to DailyWire dot com slash subscribe.


Now as we point out here, we are bringing you like constant updates throughout the selection cycle. You simply cannot afford to be without that information, which is why we need your help. Every single day of The Daily Wire, we are fighting the left and building the future. We've taken on some massive battles like that time, and we stopped the Biden Administration's Covid vaccine mandate by suing them, or that time that we destroyed gm, the Global Alliance for Responsible Media, which was essentially a censorship regime. I went to Congress and testified, and a few days later they were done. Now we're shaking up Hollywood at our first nationwide theatrical release. Am I Racist, Matt Walsh is at DEI, busting comedy. That's hitting theaters September 13th. I should add. Theaters are selling out across the country. Here's the truth. We can only do this stuff because of you, because of our members. When we fight, we win.


But we need yet in the battle to join the fight with us, join Daily Wire Plus today. Stand with us in the fight. Get 35% off your new annual membership with Code Fight. We need your help. We really appreciate it. All righty. Meanwhile, Democrats are trying to come up with some angle on why Donald Trump is very bad and very mean. So Donald Trump did something deeply damaging to the Harris Walls campaign the other day. He pointed out that Kamala Harris was the last person in the room in the horrifying decision making on Afghanistan, and that her decision making got 13 Americans murdered at Abbey Gate in Afghanistan. Absolutely true. That's precisely what happened. He went to Arlington National Cemetery when he went to Arlington National Cemetery. He did so not only with the go ahead, but with the desire of gold star families.


So he showed up, he placed a wreath. The Gold Star families wanted him to do so, and there were pictures that were taken and then put out. This apparently is some sort of deep and abiding scandal. We are now being told by the media, it is absolutely inappropriate for the former president of the United States to visit Arlington National Cemetery to pay homage to fallen American soldiers if there are cameras there. Now, again, throughout my political life, presidents have done this sort of thing. Barack Obama used to go and meet the caskets coming off planes to demonstrate how much he cared about the families. Joe Biden has gone to multiple cemeteries while presidents of the United States, and he has done so with political purposes in mind.


Again, Most recently he did that, as you'll recall, when he actually visited the Ein Marne American Cemetery in June and insulted Donald Trump in the process. But apparently it's really bad when Donald Trump does that with the explicit permission of the Gold Star families involved. Here was CNN reporting on this I mean, it's just it. It boggles the mind. So the problem is not that Kamala Harris and Joe Biden have not called one of these families. That's not a problem. We are told, by the way, again, gold star families have vented their frustrations. There is yet to be any accountability, any accountability on this. During a press call hosted by the Trump campaign in the RNC, Cheryl Jewels and of Marine Corps, Sergeant Nicole g said, history will repeat itself if the government cannot admit its failures.


She said, there's never even been condolences. They wanna pretend it didn't happen. They wanna take credit for ending the war, but don't wanna take responsibility for how it went down. Mark Schmitz, father of Marine Corps Lands Corporal Jared Schmitz emphasized one of the main goals is ensuring this never happens again. He said, we have to make sure that any gold star family is not left for three years just waiting for their child's name to be read by the leader of the country. So the big scandal here, of course, is that 13 American soldiers died in the worst foreign policy blunder of my lifetime in which people were falling off wheel wells and American soldiers were getting blown up. An entire country that we spent 20 years investing in was handed over to the worst people on Earth, along with hundreds of millions of dollars of American weaponry and machinery.


And then none of the names of the dead are read by the administration. None of the families are reached out to by the administration, but the real problem is that Donald Trump paid attention to them and photos were taken. Listen to CNN's reporting here. All right this morning, new details on an altercation involving Donald Trump's team at Arlington National Cemetery. The incident happened while the former president was visiting Section 60, the burial site for recent US casualties during his visit on Monday. Trump's now suggesting on true social that the problems stem from his campaign's use of photography. CNN's latest Rine has more from Washington dc. There was some back and forth here about what happened from the park and the Trump campaign. What are you learning this morning?


Well, there's still a lot of details that are unclear here, Sarah, and we are still trying to learn more, get more information. But what is clear and both sides agree on is that there was some sort of incident, and you can see that where you saw that video of, of Donald Trump laying flowers at the burial site for some of these recent fallen soldiers. That's known as Section 60. That is really where some of this incident we are told has taken place. So it's all about whether Donald Trump adhered to the rules on photography. It's not about the 13 dead American soldiers who are entirely ignored. Joe Biden's at the beach again, he's at the beach. He's still the president. I know. We're supposed to pretend he's not the president anymore. He's still the president.


He's at the beach. He said in open debate, troops did not die on his watch. He is a liar. It is his fault, and he's at the beach. Kamala. Harris put out a statement about how we honor all the dead. Yeah, really? Do you, because I noticed that you didn't call any other families. That's one of the things I noticed. But the real problem is that Donald Trump went there and people took pictures. That is just terrible. And so we have Maggie Haberman who puts out a piece all about the images at the grave and how dismayed the family of a Green Beret buried at Arlington. Okay, well, I noticed that a bunch of the other families are not dismayed. Quote, we would like to express our heartfelt thanks and appreciation to President Donald Trump for his presence at the recent Section 60 gathering, honoring our children and their fallen brothers and sisters.


On the three year anniversary of the Agate bombing, the president and his team conducted themselves with nothing but the utmost respect and dignity for all of our service members, including our beloved children. The statement was made on behalf of the families of Sergeant Taylor Hoover, Sergeant Nicole G. Purple Heart recipients, retired at USMC, Sergeant Taylor Vargas Andrews and retired US Marine Corps, corporal Kelsey Lane Hart, the family's added quote. We had given our approval for President Trump's official videographer and photographer to attend the event, ensuring the sacred mem moments of remembrance were respectfully captured, and so we can cherish these memories forever. We're deeply grateful to the President for taking the time to honor our children, but according to the media, Trump is bad for doing this. The Biden Harrison administration is not bad and not responsible for what actually happened and not paying any attention to the families and ignoring them and In fact deliberately overlooking them.


Donald Trump is bad for having visited Arlington National Cemetery and pictures were taken. Wow. Well, JD Vance was pretty fired up about this yesterday. Here he was pointing out that these 13 brave Americans are dead because of Kamala Harris. Three years ago, 13 brave innocent Americans died, and they died because Kamala Harris refused to do her job, and there hasn't been a single investigation or a single firing. We're gonna talk about a story out of those 13 brave, innocent Americans who lost their lives. It's that Kamala Harris is so asleep at the wheel that she won't even do an investigation into what happened, and she wants to yell at Donald Trump because he showed up.


She can, she can go to hell. Okay. By the way, people are angry at him for having said this. JD Vance served in the military. JD Vance did. He didn't lie about it like Tim Walls either, and this, this is that sort of passion. The media are trying to play that as though it's, it's how could he say such a terrible thing? How could he say she can go to hell? How could he say such a thing? First of all, I mean, compare that to what they've been saying about Donald Trump for the last 10 years, and it's nothing, it doesn't even chart, but this apparently is unhinged. It's unhinged to say that if she ignores the dead American soldiers that her administration created that somehow saying go to hell is like, that's the, oh wow.


It's just terrible. How, by the way, the, the Biden Harris administration has treated dead American soldiers with nothing but contempt, truly contempt. They won't even mention their names. They pretend this stuff doesn't even happen. You'll recall when Joe Biden literally checked his watch. Remember he actually checked his watch during a ceremony honoring slain heroes. He check like those actual people, those actual people. He was checking his watch multiple times during the event. It's, it's still again, the single most disgusting failure of the Biden administration, and there have been a lot. There have been a lot. Okay. All of this plays into the relaunch of the Trump campaign.


Kimberly Strel has an entire piece on this. She says, the month long media eclipse of Donald Trump was unprecedented and he didn't like it. Whether due to Trump's confusion over Kamala Harris's sudden popularity or to a deliberate strategy to wait out her headline cycles, the Republican nominee appears newly focused on shoring up electoral terrain. Trump loves big and enduring crowds. The campaign still sees the value of the rallies, but knows they can't be. Trump's soul event forum on this home stretch. So he's reducing some of the rallies. He's now moving on to themes. So he decided to pay tribute, obviously to Arlington National Cemetery. So that is one theme is the weakness on foreign policy. He's gonna be touring a Michigan steel plant today to talk about inflation and manufacturing.


He's patching up feuds with people like Governor Brian Kemp in Georgia, and of course he's drawing in people like Robert F. Kennedy Jr. And Tulsi Gabbard, who both have decided that they're going to endorse Donald Trump. He's doing interviews with kind of unlikely sources. He did an interview, for example, with Navy, former Navy Seal podcaster, Sean Ryan. He's also been talking with people like Theo Vaughn and the Elk Boys and Logan Paul, as well as the livestream with Elon Musk. And so he is attempting to change strategy. The reality is, the only thing that matters here is whether he can prosecute the case against her. Her entire campaign relies on you knowing nothing about her.


Her entire campaign and the stakes for Donald Trump on a personal level are pretty high. By the way. He sells a bunch of legal trials that are in the offing. If he loses the election, the likelihood that Donald Trump actually serves time in prison pretty high because the legal mechanisms have been weaponized against him. Here's CNN's Ellie Honig pointing this out. What happens if he loses to these cases? It's such a good reminder of the stakes for Donald Trump, the individual, because if he wins, he's president and these cases all go away or get put on indefinite long-term hold. But if he loses, he's gonna have to contend with all four of these cases. If Donald Trump loses, yes, he's facing serious trials, and he'll have a lot of time on his hands.


If he's not president, if He loses, I think it's very likely he's gonna have two federal trials. Late 2025, early 20, 26 and one. Okay. Again, the stakes are really high because the Democrats have weaponized everything. They weaponized social media. They weaponized the media. They weaponized the legal system, the legal infrastructure. It's a super high stakes election.


The left loves pushing their agenda on everything, literally everything, including product lines. I mean, have you looked at men's health products lately? Half of them are not selling it to actual men. I know it's weird. Here's the thing. We don't need supplements designed by soy boys. We think masculinity's toxic. We need products made for real men by real men. And this is where Responsible Man comes in. Responsible Man created the Emerson multivitamin, not for the whims, not for the woke bros, but for men of honor who take duty seriously. Right now, you can get your first order of Emerson multivitamins for 30% off with my special discount. Visit Responsible Man dot com. Use my coach Shapiro to secure this offer. Let's be clear, this isn't just about saving money. It's about investing in like your own health, which is a natural, smart thing to do. The Emerson multivitamin is packed with 33 key ingredients that support your immune system, sharpen your brain, keep your heart and muscles strong. It's everything a conservative man needs to fight the good fight against the radical left. And here's the kicker. It's made here in America. No Chinese knockoffs, no outsourcing to the countries that that don't like us very much. Just good old American quality. Visit Responsible Man dot com. Use my code Shapiro to get 30% off your order. Remember, a strong America needs strong, healthy men. Strong men Start with Responsible Man vitamins. That's Responsible Man dot com A code shapiro Responsible Man dot com. Be the man America needs.


Meanwhile, it's not just that there's a lot at stake at the presidential level. There's a lot at stake with regard to the Congress. If God forbid the Democrats were to achieve a triumvirate, it would fundamentally shift the way government has done in this country. Democrats would immediately kill the filibuster in the Senate. They would immediately ram through a bunch of voting laws that make it much easier to perform voter fraud and ballot harvesting across the country. They would immediately try to stack the Supreme Court. They would immediately add two new states in Washington, DC and Puerto Rico, hoping that that would be for Democratic senators to permanently stack the, the, the Senate of the United States in their own favor. That is the Democrat plan. So the Senate and congressional races, they matter an awful, awful lot. Right now, if you take a look at where we are with regard to the Senate polling, the Republicans are in the lead in West Virginia.


That is a pickup for them. That would take them to 50. They need one more to get to 51. Okay? The 51st likely happens in Montana. It is very likely that the Republicans pick up the the She he tester seat in Montana. That one again looks like the most likely seat for 'em to pick up. There are several other vulnerable seats for Democrats. They have Dave McCormick who's running against Bob Casey in Pennsylvania. That's a possibility. Although the polling in Pennsylvania right now, does In fact have Bob Casey in a fairly solid lead in Arizona? The pick of Ka Lake as the nominee appears to have been a full scale disaster area.


Ka Lake is the Republican nominee in Arizona. I want her to win. She's losing by 15 points against Reuben Gallego. 1515. Donald Trump is likely gonna win Arizona and Kerry Lake is likely going to underrun him by something like 10 points. Turns out when people lose an election, probably re nominating them for the same position. It's a risky move at best, particularly if you're not Donald Trump. It's riskier with Trump. It's way riskier if you're a Senate candidate in Nevada. The polling suggests that Sam Brown is down a little bit in Nevada. The polling suggests that Eric HDI is down a little bit in Wisconsin, and bottom line is that all of this can reverse, but everybody's gonna need to actually put in the work.


Because if you look at the state of these races, Ohio, she brown is a toss up. She brown is running against Bernie Moreno in Ohio, but right now the polling in the Ohio Senate race has shared brown up anywhere from four to six points. It could be off again, all these polls could be off. Again, these are, these are numbers that need to change and they need to change fast. Jackie Rosen, who's a terrible senator from Nevada, up about 10 points. Republicans need to not just focus at the top of the ticket. It is time to focus on the Senate races. Those Senate races are deeply important. If Republicans do not pick up at least two seats here, that is going to be a massive fail. And not only a massive fail, a dangerous fail. By the way, the same thing is true in Congress.


It turns out that in Congress losing suburban voters is a big, big problem. Republicans trading rural voters for suburban voters has meant that Democrats are doing better in seats that they used to lose. Right now. The control of the house could come down to some of those suburban seats If, if you were to forecast the likely outcome in the house. Currently, Republicans have 220 seats in the House of Representatives. Democrats have 211 seats in the House of Representatives. The latest polling forecast I've seen suggests that Republicans might end up with 219 seats.


Okay, you think they have an unworkable majority now, let them lose a couple of seats. That'll be even more unworkable. These races matter. Republicans would be foolish to ignore the down ballot races. They matter an awful, awful lot, and a lot of those down ballot races are happening in states that are not competitive, like California or New York. So if you are a conservative or an independent and you don't wish to see Democrats completely rewrite the bargain of the country. If you're living in a purple district in California or New York, you matter. An awful, awful lot. Alrightyy coming up. We're going to get into the Surgeon General of the United States declaring that parents are overwhelmed. His solutions are not particularly useful. If you're not a member, become a member use coach. Appear I check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.


Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad whites. Those growing up, I never thought much about race, never really seemed to matter that much, at least not to me, Am, I, Racist. I would really appreciate it if you love, I'm trying to learn I I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper. Undercover, racist. Joining us now is Matt certified DEI expert. Here's my certification, and what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. Listen, more for you in this field. Is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington Monument to the George Floyd Monument. America is racist to its bones. So inherently, yes, This country is a piece of joy. White folks. Trash white supremacy. White woman, white boy. Is there a black person around or black person right here? Does he not exist? They say I'm racist. Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Matt. I just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never be too careful. They gonna say, you racist. Buy your tickets now in theater. September 13th rated PG 13.


I'd like to talk to you about a new book, Full-Time, work in The Meaning of Life by David Boson. In a time where work is being heralded as the cause of societal pain, depression, and anxiety, full-time is screaming the exact opposite that we're created to work and that our work provides unique meaning and purpose in our lives. We are living in a crisis of apathy and ignorance. Regarding work's existential nature. There's no shortage of books telling people to work less, to find balance, to think less of career, and more of things that bring them happiness in full time. Bonin makes the case that our understanding of work, And it role in our lives is deeply flawed. He argues that the time has come to stop tiptoeing around the issues that matter, that separating one's identity from what they do is demonstrably false, and that a low view of work is leading to disastrous policy, proposals and cultural attitudes. It is in work of every kind that we discover our meaning and purpose. A significant and successful life is when rooted in full-time, productivity, and cultivation of God's created world. A life of meaning is right under your nose. And with it the joy and peace of a life well lived available for purchase at Amazon and Barnes and Noble. Visit full-time book.com for more information. That's full-time book.com.


This show is brought to you by Helix. Sleep. Sleep is so critical, but no two people sleep alike. That's why Helix offers several different mattress models each designed for specific sleep positions and preferences. Go to Helix sleep.com/ DailyWire, take their sleep quiz and find the mattress that's made for you. Whether you're a side sleeper, stomach sleeper, hot sleeper, or a cold sleeper helix has exactly what you're looking for. I took the Helix Sleep quiz and was matched with the Helix Midnight because I wanted a medium firmness and I sleep on my side. And I gotta tell you, it's made a world of difference. So what are you waiting for? Go to Helix sleep.com/ DailyWire. Take the quiz and order the perfect mattress right to your door ship for free. All Helix mattresses come with a 100 night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty. Helix even offers financing options and flexible payment plans. For a limited time Helix is offering 25% off all mattress orders and two free pillows. Just go to helix sleep.com/ DailyWire. This is their best offer yet And it won't last long. Helix sleep.com/ DailyWire with Helix Better sleep starts now.