
Folks, in just a second, I wanna talk about the nature of true evil and the West's unwillingness to confront and realize that that evil exists in the first place. First, I just wanna remind you, in 10 days our first ever theatrical release, mi racist hits theaters nationwide, Matt Walsh infiltrated the left, DEI circus. It's more crazy and absurd than you can possibly imagine. It might make you think, it will definitely make you laugh. Go to mi racist.com for tickets and showtimes right now. Okay, so over the weekend, absolutely horrifying news six, Israeli hostages, including one Israeli American whose parents spoke at the the DNC, you, you, you recall them, the, the parents, the, the Goldberg, Poland parents, they spoke at the NC about how their son was being held hostage by Hamas in terror tunnels.


Well, there's a hundred hostages, many of them already dead who are being held by Hamas. But over the weekend, Israel found the bodies of six hostages, Hirsch Goldberg, Poland in Almi, Ori Danino, Alex Lebanon. Carmel got an almo sarus. I know the parents of at least one of of these hostages met the, the mother of Ori Danino here in Florida. Not all that long ago. She obviously been praying for the safe return of her son. It's not just that the bodies of the hostages were found, it's how they were found. So you'll recall that last week, Israel freed a Bedouin Muslim Israeli citizen who was found in one of the terror tunnels. Well, at about that time, apparently Hamas terrorists shot to death, those six hostages they'd been held in captivity since October 7th.


So over 300 days, they were held in darkness, in captivity, in conditions of torture. And then they were shot point blank in the back of the head. According to the times of Israel, the six dead hostages recovered from the Gaza Strip over the weekend were killed 48 to 72 hours before their autopsy, meaning between Thursday and Friday morning. Apparently they were all shot multiple times from close range indicating that they weren't in fact executed. So the absolute horror of that, keeping these six hostages alive for over 300 days and then shooting them point blank in the back of the head, which is precisely what happened, underscores how deeply evil Kamas is. And it's easy to forget that because October 7th was almost a year ago, and so everyone was shocked by the murderous rape filled rampage that Hamas went on on October 7th, the taking of hostages, including babies who are still being held hostage right now.


And then the entire situation turned into war because the IDF, the Israeli Defense Force went into Gaza in order to dismantle Hamas in order to destroy their infrastructure, in order to take over the Philadelphia corridor, which is the border between Israel and the Gaza Strip, in order to take over the Narem corridor, which runs across the middle of the Gaza Strip and established military control. And a lot of the talk turned to how Israel was prosecuting the war. Could they do it faster? Could they do it quickly? Could they do it more human with more humanitarian aid and all the rest of that? And that's been the discussion basically since October 15th or so. But everybody forgot. Everybody went to sleep on just how evil Kamas is, and that was the big reminder. The big reminder is that these are human monsters who are willing to hold hostages for over 300 days and then shoot them point blank in the head to prevent them from being liberated, because that's presumably what happened here.


The IDF got close and they decided that they were going to just murder these hostages, these innocent people point blank. That's what actually happened here. The IDF said it did not have the exact location of the hostages, but had indications of a general area where the six could be held and was operating carefully in the area. According to Daniel Hagar, who is the spokesperson for the IDF troops, began to search a tunnel complex and 20 meters underground on Saturday and found the hostages dead in the afternoon. Their bodies were extracted from Gaza overnight and brought to Israel for identification. Kamas itself has said that they effectively shot these people because the IDF was getting near. Now, that is not a change in policy for kamas hostages who have been freed in earlier hostage deals.


They have said that they were told by their kamas captors that if the IDF got close, they would be executed point blank by Hamas. And this is what Hamas does. This is why Yasir, who's the head of Hamas, who is hiding underground right now, he apparently has surrounded himself according to reports by upward of 20 hostages, presumably including women and children, hoping that Israel will leave him alone because otherwise he's going to threaten to shoot the women and shoot the children. The spokesman from the military, a wing of Hamas had said that following Israel's successful hostage rescue, ref rescue in NRA in June, new protocols were were given to terrorists guarding the abductees if Israeli troops were approaching them. But that's not actually new. We knew that from a long time ago that they had said that they were going to shoot hostages if the Israelis got closed.


Then Kamas, just to add insult to injury, decided that they were going to release hostage videos like the last videos of the various hostages and their heartbreaking, I don't wanna play them here because frankly it's doing the work of kamas. There's been contemporaneous documentation found in the terror tunnels that in in which Kamas explains what they're attempting to do. Their attempt is to be so brutal and so vicious and so evil that it creates serious political schisms within Israeli society. Benjamin Netanyahu obviously was facing the Prime Minister of Israel, a lot of political schisms, well before October 7th. You remember massive protests in the streets over judicial reform, which was a debate effectively about how to appoint the judiciary and what the powers of the judiciary would be.


You had hundreds of thousands of people in the streets who are angry at Netanyahu, not just because of judicial reform, but because they don't like the current coalition government in Israel, the elected government of the state of Israel, and that's normal democracy in action, people going to the streets and protesting. I may disagree with them, doesn't matter. That's kind of normal stuff. It is. I mean, we have that in the United States too. We have lots of protests in the United States. You have in every westernized country. However, since October 7th, there's been an extraordinary degree of unity in Israel. What Hamas is attempting to do right now is murder hostages in the most brutal possible way in order to generate outrage in Netanyahu's government.


Well, the fact that Donald Trump seems to have the momentum in this race is a very good thing for the world. That's particularly true in the Middle East, where Israel is still fighting an ongoing war against multiple terrorist groups. October 7th marked the one year anniversary of the worst attack on Jews. Since the Holocaust, 1,200 Israelis were murdered, over 250 were taken hostage. The war in Israel continues to rage on today. Missiles are flying, tensions are high, our allies are under attack. It seems like every time you turn on the news, there's another crisis unfolding in the region, Israel, and its people are facing attacks from enemies on all sides who want its destruction, but there's hope. The international Fellowship of Christians and Jews is on the ground providing food, shelter, and safety to those in need. During this crisis, since the war started thousands of reservists, every day Israeli citizens have left their families to serve their country. Soldiers have been injured. Their families need our support. Their gift of $45 today helps the fellowship provide food and other necessities to these families to help them survive. Here's what I need you to do right now. Go to BEN for the fellowship.org. That's BEN for the fellowship.org to make a gift today in the face of these many threats, the Fellowships ongoing work, providing security to Israelis has never been more important. Remember, that's BEN for the fellowship.org. I know people on the ground who've been helped by the fellowship. Go check them out right now, BEN for the fellowship.org. God bless and thank you.


Now you understand why people in Israel, particularly in the areas that don't like Netanyahu, they're just looking for an outlet for their rage and their anger. Because who wouldn't be? If Americans were being held on mass hostage by a foreign country and then those Americans were being murdered systematically, then presumably there'd be shock and outrage among the American public too. You get large scale protests you would imagine against the sitting government. You understand it even though there's not really a good political rationale for it, meaning it's not clear what these protestors want the Israeli government to do. So they just want Israel to surrender to Yasir and Hamas because Hamas' demands right now involve the complete surrender of Israel in the Gaza Strip in order to presumably pre preserve the lives of some of these hostages.


And we don't even know how many of them are left because the disgusting international Red Cross has not even gone in and done its basic duty in ascertaining how many of these hostages are alive or providing them humanitarian care. They don't care about any of that. So what does that mean? That means that they want Israel to abandon the so-called Philadelphia Corridor, which is the border between the Gaza Strip in Egypt that was just honeycombed with terror tunnels through which enormous quantities of weaponry and machinery. And yes, terrorists were smuggled through from Egypt to Gaza and vice versa, Israel has taken over the Philadelphia corridor, that border, they've also taken over, as I say. Then its Reem Corridor, which is about halfway through the Gaza Strip.


In order to establish military control, Swar wants Israel to not only pull all military facilities out of the Gaza Strip, leaving him in charge. He also wants Israel to release hundreds of murderous terrorists, including an a whole new leadership cast for Kamas. So in order to obtain these hostages, he wants Israel to surrender. No country worth salt can do that. That is not something that any country can actually do, because if the idea is that when bad guys take your citizens' hostage, you just surrender to them, you're not gonna have a country for very long. They can always just take hostages and hold them for the next concession. This is a point that Netanyahu made over the weekend.


So when this was first announced, he pointed out that the entire world has decided, and this is where this matters to the West, because now why isn't this like a local regional issue? Obviously there's been a very longstanding conflict. It's not going away anytime soon. Why is this of interest? This of interest? Because on one side, you have a free democracy that is allied with the West, and on the other side, you have legitimately the world's worst terror group. And somehow the West has found a unique way to decide that that terror group deserves compassion, deserves concession, deserves some level of recognition and decency. When in reality, every member of Hamas up to and including the leadership, deserves nothing but death because that is what they have brought upon themselves through their violation of basic human norms of and standards of, of just basic human decency.


The worst people on earth are kamas the worst people that make ISIS look like a picnic. That's who these folks are. And this notion from the West that Israel therefore is the one that needs to be pressed to make concessions to the terrorists, is totally insane and speaks to an ulterior political motive on the part of Americans and Brits who are pushing this sort of nonsense. The reality is the only way to win a war is to actually win the war. The reason that the West has not won a war since World War II is because it is forgotten. That basic notion that the way to win a war is to win a war. If you look at the, the entire history of Western military conflict when the West wins, it's not because there is some sort of peace agreement that it signed.


It's because it's enemies are utterly defeated. When its enemies are utterly defeated, then the west wins, and there is a long period of peace. And when that doesn't happen, then conflict tends to break out very quickly thereafter. You cannot leave Hamas in place. But the fact that the West is even considering leaving Hamas in place or creating a quote unquote Palestinian state, which would immediately be run and staffed by the very same people who are currently holding hostages and their best friends in the Palestinian authority and Islamic Jihad is totally insane. Here's Netanyahu making the perfectly obvious point that when you shoot hostages point blank in the back of the head, it's a pretty good indicator. You're not looking for a ceasefire deal. Hamas is continuing to steadfastly refuse all proposals.


Even worse, at the exact same time, it murdered six of our hostages. Whoever murders hostages does not want a deal for our part, we will not relent. The government of Israel is committed, and I am personally committed to continue striving towards a deal that will return all of our hostages and ensure our security in our existence. Now, the way that the left operates internationally is the idea that there is a moral relativism between places like Israel and Hama, or for that matter between America and Isis or America and Al-Qaeda, that all of these people have their grievances, and because they have their grievances, really those grievances can be alleviated by a kinder, gentler west.


That concessions are what make the world go round. The diplomacy is the answer, rather than, you know, killing people who take women and children hostages and then shoot them point blank. This is insanity. It's crazy. But that sort of pressure is extraordinarily high because again, it's an easier way of life to believe that everybody is good, everybody is not good. Human beings all have the capacity for good and evil is a basic biblical teaching. All human beings have a capacity for good, and they also have a capacity for evil. This is something the founding fathers well understood in Federalist 51, James Madison talks about the idea that men are not angels and men are not devils. We're somewhere in between. What that means is that some people cultivate the devil within to such an extent that they're able to do things like holding innocent civilians hostage in terror tunnels for 300 days and then murdering them instead of allowing them to be liberated in order to establish an Islamic caliphate in the Gaza Strip, and then hopefully they think over Jerusalem and Tel Aviv.


So Netanyahu, there's a lot of domestic pressure on him. Again, a lot of, a lot of what's going on right now in the streets of Israel has very little to do, really with the hostages, because there's no deal to be made with a group of people who want to murder every Jew possible. What it really has to do with is just a pent up anger at Netanyahu's government. There may be good reasons for that. There may be bad reasons for that, but the idea that there's any sort of deal to be made and that really what what happened with the hostages is somehow on Netanyahu in some way is a, is an insane, is it? It's an insane proposition on its face.


There are 8 million renters in America who are not only qualified to own a home, but could be saving 30% monthly on their rent simply by owning. Instead, smart people know the path to wealth is through real estate. This is where Churchill Mortgage comes in. Churchill Mortgages Home Buyers Edge gives you the buyer, the power it allows you to compete with cash offers provides lightning fast pre-approval, and Churchill Mortgage sweetens the deal with a $10,000 seller guarantee. My wife and I have bought and sold multiple homes over time. Each time we increased our equity. Stop funding your landlord's retirement, do what I do. Go to churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. You'll answer a few simple questions so they can connect you with a home loan specialist in your neighborhood. They'll help you build a plan, whether it takes 30 days or six months to get you on the path to financial freedom through home ownership. If you're already in a home, but you got in at like a 7% interest rate or higher, you need to talk to Churchill Mortgage today. The Fed dropped the rates. You could be saving hundreds of bucks every single month with a simple refi, unless you just like paying more money to the banks or something averaging five stars and over a hundred thousand reviews, go to Churchill mortgage.com/shapiro, connect with a home alone specialist you can trust. This is a paid advertisement. Home buyer edge and seller guarantee are available for qualifying borrowers and select loan types only, and not available in all states or locations. And MLS ID 5 9 1 MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender, 1 7 4 9, Mallory Land, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Even more insane is the proposition that if Netanyahu replaced, suddenly the conflict would end and everything would be hunky dory. That of course, course is ridiculous as well. In any case, Netanyahu gave a pretty amazing speech yesterday in which he laid out specifically why he's not caving, why he's not conceding, why he's not going to simply give up the Philadelphia corridor because Kamasa demands it. The axis of evil needs the Philadelphia corridor, and for that reason, we must control the Philadelphia corridor. Hamas insist for that reason that we not be there. And for that reason, I insist that we be there. Now, the narrative that you are hearing in the media today is the media is a left wing tool.


The narrative you're hearing from the Biden Harris administration, both Biden and Harris, the narrative you're hearing is that Netina hasn't made enough concessions to whom? To Hamas the people who just murdered an American. Joe Biden was sleeping it off in Rehoboth Beach, but Hamas was murdering an American. He doesn't give, he didn't care. He says he met with the hostage families. Really, what has he done? What has he actually done? There are things that the United States could have done to bring pressure on Kamas. Joe Biden has done virtually none of them, but it really begins again, it begins and ends with this leftist narrative that there is some sort of moral equivalence or parody in all human relations, which means that when someone is evil, the more if you believe in moral relativism, if you believe that it's just a matter of perspective, then what that means is that the more evil you are, the more there must be a justification to your evil, because otherwise you wouldn't be evil.


If you are a moral relativist, the way that the left is when it comes to these matters, then your belief is the more evilly you behave, the more you have been victimized The victim. Victimizer matrix is undefeated in terms of stupidity and immorality. So take a look at the headlines from the legacy media over the murder of these six hostages, CNN, Israeli American hostage Hirsch Goldberg, Poland has died. His family says, has died, is definitely a, did he die old age? Is that what happened? Here's what actually happened to Hirsch Goldberg, Poland on October 7th. He was at the Nova Festival. He had his arm blown off by Hamas. They then saw it off his arm. They kept him alive for 300 days, and then they shot him point blank in the head.


That's what actually happened in Hersch Goldberg, Poland. But according to CNN, he quote, has died. BBC's headline, Israel says, bodies of six Gaza hostages recovered. Oh, what happened to them? What happened to them? Well, did, I mean, I feel like that's kind of relevant. What, how did, what happened? How did they die? Again, CNN, Israeli American hostage has died. Well, he, he, you know, just natural of natural causes was a cancer and the willingness to obscure the evil of Hamas. And it's a deliberate willingness. There's only one way that headline gets written, and that's because you wish to obscure it. Sky News, Israeli hostages confirmed dead after Army finds six bodies in Gaza.


Again, the story is that they were murdered in the last five days. That's the story. They were kept alive. I mean, imagine, just take a second to put yourself in the shoes of the hostages for one second, that you are in your own home, or you're at a music festival. You are taken hostage by the world's worst vicious human beings. You are held alive underground with the shred of hope that maybe the IDF would find you for 300 days. And then as the IDF grew close, they put you down on under knees and they shoot you in the back of the head. That's what happened to these people. And the headline from the Legacy Media is they died just randomly. It must have been a car accident or something.


So Joe Biden's initial response, he put out an initial statement, did Joe Biden and his initial statement said, quote, earlier today, in his city, in a tunnel under the city of Rafa, Israeli forces recovered six bodies of hostages held by Hamas. Now, first we should, we should point out Israel Israeli troops would've been in Rafa in February or March if it had not been for the Biden administration, which withheld munitions from the Israelis to prevent them from doing operations in Rafa and Israel kept saying, we need to go into Rafa to go get our hostages and to extra Hamas and the United States, including Kamala Harris, as we'll see, kept saying, don't go in there, you mustn't go in there. It'll be terrible if you go in there. The reason Hamas did not want Israel to go in there is because it was a Hamas stronghold.


They did not want Israel to shut down the terror tunnels to Egypt. They did not want Israel to find hostages and freedom them. Biden continues. We have now confirmed that one of the hostages killed by these vicious Hamas terrorists was an American citizen, Hirsch Goldberg, Poland. I'm devastated and outraged. Well, as we'll see, there's a lot more that Joe Biden could have done, but he was too busy sleeping and being senile. Hirsch was among the innocence, brutally attacked while attending a music festival for peace in Israel. On October 7th, he lost his arm helping friends and strangers during Hamas' Savage massacre. He had just turned 23. He planned to travel the world. I've gotten to know his parents, John and Rachel. They've been courageous wise and steadfast. Even as they've endured the unimaginable, they've been relentless and irrepressible champions of their son and of all the hostages held in unconscionable conditions.


I admire them and grieved with them more deeply than words can express. I'm sure that, I'm sure that means a lot to them. I know all Americans tonight will have them in their prayers just as Jill and I will. I've worked tirelessly to bring their beloved Hirsh safely to them, and I'm heartbroken by the news of his death. And it's as tragic as it is reprehensible. Make no mistake, Hamas leaders will pay for these crimes and we'll keep working around the clock for a deal to secure the release of the remaining hostages. Then how do you, how do you plan to hold 'em responsible for their crimes? Seriously? We're going to negotiate with Al-Qaeda, and we're gonna hold those on Bin Laden responsible for his crimes are mutually exclusive. We are going to Kamas, hold Kamas responsible for the murder of an American, and we need to negotiate with Kamas to get to a deal, a deal they won't accept except for full scale surrender.


Those are mutually exclusive. And then Biden, because he's a Creon, I mean just both intellectually and morally. He's a Creon. He was asked yesterday, he makes his way back after 17 days of vacation being a useless moldering corpse at the beach. He makes his way back and the zombie speaks. He's asked about the the so-called ceasefire deal. And here's what he says. Mr. President, do you think it's time for Prime Minister Netanyahu to do more on this issue? Do you think he's doing enough? No. No. NTI Now who's not doing enough? No. How about every shred of blood is on Hamas' hands? Literally, they just shot hostages and his first response is Nitti.


Now, who needs to do more? The Israeli government needs to do more. Does he understand what kind of damage he just did? I'm sure he doesn't. He's moron. But let me explain. When people shoot hostages and your first move is to put pressure on the other party, you are telling them to keep shooting hostages. You are telling them to keep upping the ante. The more hostages they shoot, the more pressure Biden and Harris will bring on the Israelis in favor of Hamas. That's what that response means. It's absolutely disgusting. Truly disgusting. The UK is doing the same thing, by the way, no shock there. The Labor Party under Ki Starmer, the Foreign Secretary David Lamie, announced on the same weekend, on the same weekend that Kamas shot six hostages, including an American.


The foreign secretary, David Lammie, announced an embargo on Arms to Israel. It is with regret that I inform the house today. The assessment I have received leaves me unable to conclude anything other than that. For certain UK arms exports to Israel, there does exist a clear risk that they might be used to commit or facilitate a serious violation of international humanitarian law. And so they're cutting off weapons that could be used for quote unquote offensive purposes, which is what we generally just call weapons.


And so they are four.


It's no secret that anti-gun legislation is on the ballot this election season. It is more important now than ever before to support those who are fighting for your Second Amendment rights. This is where my friends at Silencers Shop come in. They don't just sell silencers. They're fighting to protect your gun rights. They're actively pushing back against gun control, lobbying, fighting lawsuits, supporting Pro-Second Amendment legislation nationwide. Yes, silencers are completely legal. Not only do silencers make shooting quieter, reduce recoil, and cut down on concussion, they also make your time at the range safer and more enjoyable. But let's be real. The government doesn't wanna make it easy for you to get one. But. there is a solution. Silencer Shop makes getting silencers easy. They've helped more Americans get suppressors than anyone else by making it simpler. With the largest selection of top brand silencers, the expert team at Silencer Shop will help you find the perfect one for your firearm. Silencer Shop helps you submit all the paperwork, making the process hassle free. Get your suppressor now. Approvals are coming back faster than ever. Just head to silencer shop.com/shapiro. They'll do the rest. So if you wanna protect your rights and enjoy a better shooting experience, visit silencer shop.com/shapiro today. That's silencer shop.com/shapiro. Silencer shop is the easiest and best way to get your suppressor


that to the uk. In the middle of this conflict is taking the side of Kamas. They're cutting off weapons supplies to Israel on the same weekend that Hamas shot six hostages. So here's the thing, the West could do things. So Richard Goldberg, who is a senior advisor at the Foundation for Defensive Democracy, he says, here's some things that the United States could do that Congress could do. They could revoke all sanctions waivers issued for Iran, which is the sponsor state for Hamas. They could strip Qatar of its major non natal ally status and impose sanctions on Al Jazeera. 'cause Qatar is the home of the political wing of Hamas. They could withhold aid to Lebanon in Egypt, considering that Lebanon is currently facilitating Hezbollah in Israel's north and Egypt is trying to open the border with Hamas in the Philadelphia corridor.


They could ban Turkish Airlines and Qatar Airways from the United States, both of which are sponsor states of terrorism. They could mandate 60 day reporting to Congress on assets connected to Hamas in Turkey, caught our other countries to force sanctions designations. They could do all of that. That's one thing they could do. There's another thing they could do, and that is Biden Harris could make clear that for every day the hostages are held, America will recognize 100 square dunum, which about half an acre of Gaza as a permanent Israeli buffer zone for every murdered hostages, a thousand square Dunum. It's a proposal by the professor George Mason Law Eugene Kvi. And he's right, because if there is no actual pressure placed on Kamas, Kamas doesn't care.


Here's the thing. Kamas does not care how many Palestinians die. They don't. In fact, they want Palestinians to die. The more Palestinians die, the more they go and to the international community about how it's not their fault, it's Israel's fault, and more pressure should be put on Israel. That's, that's literally the reason they hide terror tunnels under civilian areas. They want Palestinians to die for the cameras. Again, these are the worst people in the world. The only thing they don't want is reduction in their territory or loss of control. Israel's already threatening loss of control. The other thing that could threaten them is a permanent loss of territory. A permanent loss of territory, not just territorial control territory proper would actually put pressure on them. Will the United States and the international community do anything like that to free hostages?


Of course not. They'll put pressure on Israel to surrender. That's what, that's what they'll do. And by the way, it's not just Joe Biden, it is also Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris put out a statement on the death of Hirsh Goldberg, Poland, the murder of Hirsh Goldberg, Poland. And she said, Doug, and my prayers are with John Poland and Rachel Goldberg, Poland, Hirsch's parents, and with everyone who knew and loved Hirsch. When I met with John and Rachel earlier this year, I told them, you are not alone. That remains true as they mourn this terrible loss. As I as is said in the Jewish tradition, may Hirsch's memory be a blessing. Hamas is an evil terrorist organization with these murders. Hamas has even more American blood on its hands. I strongly condemn Hamas', continued brutality and somas the entire world from its massacre of 1200 people to sexual violence taking of hostages in these murders, Hamas' depravity is evident and horrifying.


The threat Hamas poses to the people of Israel and American citizens in Israel must be eliminated. Hamas cannot control Gaza. The Palestinian people too have suffered under Hamas' rule for nearly two decades. Okay? All of that is exactly right. And then where does she go? Quote, as vice president, I have no higher priority than the safety of American citizens. Wherever they are in the world, president Biden and I will never waiver in our commitments to free the Americans and all those held hostage in Gaza. And then she calls and has called for ACS fire. So Hamas, they're as bad as the Nazis. They're awful. They're evil. They can't be left in control of Gaza. Also, we should leave them in control of Gaza and Israel should surrender in order to obtain the hostages. And we won't apply any mechanisms of serious pressure to Hamas via it's, it's either proxies or its sponsor states.


We won't do any of that stuff. Well pressure Israel instead. And here's a reminder about how stupid Kamala Harris is on foreign policy. This is back in March when she warned the Israelis not to go into Rafa because she's looked at maps. We have been clear in multiple conversations and in every way that any major military operation in Rafa would be a huge mistake. Lemme tell you something, I have studied the maps. There's nowhere for those folks to go. And we're looking at about a million and a half people in Rafa who are there because they were told to go there, most of them. And so we've been very clear that it would be a mistake to move into Rafa with any type of military operation That's this genius back in March.


Now, I'm not usually one for changing with the seasons. You know these principles, they stay consistent year round. When it comes to betting, that's another story starting with the bullet and branch signature collection. Their 100% organic cotton sheets are like the Constitution for your bed. Foundational, timeless, getting better with age. They start off buttery soft, and somehow they get even softer with every single wash. Plus, you can easily add their blankets, duvets, and quilts without making your bed feel heavy or hot. Trust me, a fall refresh with Bull and Branch will have your mind changed for good. Best of all. Bull and Branch gives you a 30 night worry-free guarantee with free shipping and returns on all US orders of a hundred bucks or more. Let me tell you, when you're fighting the culture war day in and day out, good sleep is in fact crucial. Start getting your best sleep this fall with Bull and Branch. Enjoy 20% off plus free shipping on your first set of sheets@bolandbranch.com slash BEN. That's bull and branch B-O-L-L-A-N-D branch.com/ BEN for 20% off. And free shipping exclusions apply. See site for details. That is bull and branch.com/ BEN for 20% off and free shipping.


By the way, Israel go in March. Much better chance they save the hostages. So did she answer any questions on this over the weekend? Of course not. So she got out of her car and now she's doing the routine that you used to do to avoid talking with people at the office. She's gonna pretend that she's on the phone. So she gets out of the car to avoid people yelling at her questions. She has her earphones in as she walks from her car to the plane. Here we go. She's probably on the phone now. She's just talking to the, she's talking to everybody. She's waving now. She's gonna pretend she's listening, but here she goes. She's going up. I noticed that she's not talking to anybody 'cause there's no one on the phone.


She will do anything to avoid questions. Anything, anything. And then she turns around and her phone is to her ear. Okay, I just have a question. Is that how earphones work now? And when you have earphones connected to your phone and they're in your ears, you also put the phone up to your ear. Is that a thing that you do frequently or is this all fakery? Just to get outta questions? I think we know the answer 'cause Tim Walls did the same thing. So Tim Walls was doing one of his state fair campaigns. He's such an irritating human being. Tim Walls, honest to God, like the the Fo Joviality, which is just a mask for total tyrannical subjugation of his own state during Covid and an ugly hatred of a huge swath of America, this clown.


So he's speaking to the press at Minnesota State Fair. He answers a bunch of questions. The minute he's asked about the dead hostages, he turns and walks away. What's your reaction to the six hostages being found dead in Gaza? Alright, Thanks everybody. Alright, bye bye. He's got his ice cream to eat. What's his reaction to the dead hostage being found in Gaza? Well catch you later. Now, as you walking away, the reason he is walking away is 'cause he has no idea what his position is. I mean, we know his position in Minnesota, which was to make nice with Ilhan Omar and the rest of the antisemitic crew, but he doesn't know what his position is, so he just walks away. And that is the essence of the Western response to true evil in the world. The Western response to true evil in the world, basically since the fall of the Soviet Union, and certainly in the post Iraq war era, has been to pretend that evil doesn't exist and everyone can be negotiated with.


And that concessions to some of the world's most evil people bear fruit and peace when precisely the opposite is true. Netanyahu, again, he gave a speech on Sunday and a press conference to a bunch of reporters who hit his guts and he asked a question. He said, okay. So a few days ago, the State Department, including Tony Blinken, said that I had accepted a deal and the pressure was on Kamas. Nothing in the deal changed. Now you have Joe Biden saying, I'm not doing enough. What changed in the last five days other than hostages were murdered? And the Biden administration hates Netanyahu and wants him out, which is really what this is about. This is about the Biden administration for months attempting to oust the Netanyahu government in favor of what they think will be a friendlier government. And again, that is because of personal relations between Netanyahu and Biden and the Democratic Party.


And it's also just because the Democratic party believes that a more conciliatory, concession based government in Israel will somehow lead to regional peace, which is insane. It has always led to more regional war. Every single time, every single Israeli concession has led to more war in the region. Every single one. The only possible exception has been the Egypt Israel peace deal in which they gave up the the Sinai in 1978 at Camp David Accords. That is the only one. And even that one now seems to be turned on its head. Given the fact that Egypt has facilitated the entry of armaments and terrorists into the Gaza Strip via the Philadelphia corridor, which again is the border between Egypt and the Gaza Strip. Here's Netanyahu saying, I don't understand. You guys said five days ago that I had accepted all the conditions you are putting down and now you're putting the pressure on me.


What's the deal? What has changed in the last five days? What has changed? One thing, these murderers executed six of our hostages. They shot them in the back of the head. That's what's changed. And now after this, we're asked to show seriousness. We're asked to make concessions. What message does this send? Hamas? It says, kill more hostages. Murder more hostages. You'll get more concessions. The pressure internationally must be directed at these killers at Chamas, not at Israel.


It is. He's obviously correct. He's obviously correct. Many lays out the timeline. He says, you know, you keep saying that I haven't done enough to to release the hostages. I've accepted a wide variety of deals. Kamas has never accepted any of the deals since the very first deal, which they immediately broke. I was asked whether Israel is not, I'm not doing enough to the release of hostages. Well, I wanna set the record straight. On April 27th, secretary of State Blinken said that Israel made an extraordinarily generous offer for a hostage deal. On May 31st, Israel agreed to a US backed proposal, Kamas refused.


On August 16th, Israel agreed to what the United States defined as a final bridging proposal. Kamas refused again. On August 19th, secretary Blinken said, Israel accepted the US proposal. Now Hamas must do the same, But then he reversed himself. Why? Because the hostages were shot. And because the pathological response of a West that has out apparently outlived a ideological sell by date is conceding to the most evil people in the world. Again, this is the bigger problem. The bigger problem for the West is not what happens in Israel.


That is just a bleeding, bleeding tip of the spear indicator. It is the fact you have hundreds of thousands of people who march in the West on behalf of Hamas and Hezbollah. It is the fact that the West has not won outright a war in decades. The reason for that is because the West is apologetic about its own values. It's apologetic about the vast moral gap between it and its enemies. Since the end of the Cold War, the West has been pathologically incapable of simply facing up to the problem of human evil, labeling it for what it is and recognizing that the only solution to evil is victory over it. Not conciliation with it, not diplomacy aimed at temporary ceasefires with it, destruction of the evil.


Otherwise, it just keeps going. Otherwise, it just keeps going. When you exert pressure on the party that had hostages taken from it and shot in the back of the head by an Islamist terrorist group. When you exert pressure on that party, it demonstrates your own lack of moral credibility and your own complicity in the evil itself. In just a second, we'll get to how this plays in the 2024 campaign, because it turns out this is part and parcel of a broader take on foreign policy that Donald Trump should be hammering the Biden Harris administration over first. We are 10 days away from our first ever theatrical release at my race Mark calendars for Friday, September 13th. The joke is on the left. The only way to see it is on the big screen. Matt Walsh goes deep undercover to infiltrate the weird, dirty world of race.


Hustlers and Grifters watch, as he hilariously exposes the absurd truth behind the left's agenda. Theaters are selling out across the country. When they do more screens are added. So if you've been to mi racist.com and you didn't see a theater in your city, go check again. Be part of the greatest troll on the left ever performed. Get your tickets, join the fund on opening weekend. Go to mi racist.com for tickets and showtimes right now. Now again, this is all part and parcel of a western belief that American military force, that western military force, that force of arms against the world's most evil people is somehow bad. Which is why the Biden Harris administration sees the Afghanistan pullout not as what it was a massive debacle. A failure of not just imagination, but of practical application. They don't see that as what it is, a full scale disaster for America that has led to great scale aggression by Russia, by China, by Iran.


Instead, they see it as victory. Kamala Harris has treated Afghanistan as a victory. The only sin, apparently, according to Kamala Harris with regard to Afghanistan, is that Donald Trump went and visited the graves of dead troops at Arlington National Cemetery last week. That is the big sin. So Kamala Harris put out a statement over the weekend reading thusly as vice president. I've had the si. I've had the privilege of visiting Arlington National Cemetery several times. It is a solemn place, a place where we come together to honor American heroes who have made the ultimate sacrifice in service of this nation. It is not a place for politics. And yet, as was reported this week, Donald Trump's team chose to film a video there resulting in an altercation with cemetery staff. Let me be clear. The former president disrespected sacred ground all for the sake of a political stunt.


I will always honor and cherish the service and sacrifice of all America's fallen heroes who made the ultimate sacrifice on behalf of our beloved nation and our cherish freedoms. I mourn them and salute them. And I will never politicize them. No, you'll just get them killed, won't you? You'll just get them killed. Kamala Harris was the last person in the room on Afghanistan. She has celebrated every aspect of the Afghan pullout. She never got in contact with any of the families of the troops. The big sin is that Donald Trump recognized the failures of the Biden administration and went and paid homage to the troops. That's the big problem here. But we're supposed to believe that it, it's all about optics. It's the optics of how she treats the troops, not the underlying disdain she has for the reality of power politics in a world filled with nefarious powers.


The great failure of the Biden administration is that American troops died because they were weak, because Biden and Harris are weak. That is why those troops died. The reason that we have what we have in Ukraine is because Biden and Harris are weak in the face of aggression. The reason that China is consistently threatening Taiwan is because Biden and Harris are weak. The reason Iran is still blowing up shipping in the Red Sea is because Biden and Harris are weak. That weakness leads to people dying. And the reason that they refuse to see this is because to say the opposite would be to recognize a truth the left cannot bear. And that truth is again, the problem of human evil. And the reality, which is that Western civilization is less evil than its competitors.


Period, end of story. But Harrison Company will never acknowledge that because to them, Western civilization boils down basically to their favorite economic and social policies. That's what Western civilization boils down to. It doesn't boil down to constitutional rights and freedoms. It doesn't boil down to Christian, Christian-based natural law. It doesn't boil down to any of those things. It boils down instead to gay pride, flags and welfare state. That is, that is what democracy means to the left. And what that also means is that anybody all over the world who is quote unquote suffering, who is who's quote unquote victimized, is actually victimized by Western society. Success is a hallmark of victimization according to Kamala Harris and Company.


That perverse perspective is why evil progress is in the world whenever the left is in charge in the west. Tom Cotton was making this point over the weekend on the Sunday shows here he was ripping into Kamala Harris. You know who the family's also invited? Joe Biden. Kamala Harris. Where were they? Joe Biden was sitting at a beach. Kamala Harris was sitting at her mansion in Washington dc. She was four miles away, 10 minutes she could have gone to the cemetery and and honored the sacrifice of those young men and women. But she hasn't, she never has spoken to them or taken a meeting with them. It because Of her. Well, they did meet with them during the dignified transfer. It's because of Her. They were with them at the dignified Transfer. Her and her and Joe Biden's incompetence.


Those 13 Americans were killed in Afghanistan. By the way, Joe Biden was checking his watch during the dignified transfer ceremony. As you recall, president Trump put out a statement, quote, I want to thank the families of our great warriors who have been lost to us for the way they came together as one. And thank me for attending at their request, the celebration of their wonderful family members who, because of the incompetence of Kamala Harris and Joe Biden are no longer with us. Thank you for saying you wanted me to stand with you at Arlington National Cemetery and take pictures that it was your request. Not mine, but it was my great honor to do so. I will never forget the fact that Harris tried to play the great sin as Donald Trump going to visit the Graves, as opposed to her not going to visit the graves. And being complicit in the decision making that got those people killed says everything about Kamala Harris.


Meanwhile, the former compatriots of Tim Walls and the National Guard, he of course is her vice presidential candidate. They went on Megan Kelly over the weekend and ripped into Tim Walls for his stolen valor. He's a military impersonator. I Don't understand how he could do it morally for, you know, he's got absolutely no integrity. The rumor went across the state that he had quit. And it was like, who the hell does that? I mean, it was just unbelievable that A CSM abandoned his troops who were 500 soldiers basically. But beyond that, there's a thousand parents out there that expect that person to lead those people into combat. He's a habitual liar. He lies about everything.


He lies about stuff that doesn't make sense. You're taking a piece of their thunder and you're trying to capture it and putting it in a bottle for yourself and use that for your own benefit. He basically said, I've got better things to do. You know, go pick somebody else to go on a mission. Well, if you sold out your guard unit and abandoned them, I mean, what are you gonna do At the national level, Fear is a reaction. Bravery is a decision. And Walls has made the wrong decision. He's not brave. I call him a coward 'cause he is. So this is a campaign that is filled with holes. It's a problem. But you know what? They're gonna fill that hole with the moral hole at the center of this campaign.


They're gonna fill it with vibes. Their records sucks. They have a perverse view of how foreign relations works. Their view on American economic policy is full scale, disastrous. And they happen to not be particularly wonderful people, but they have the vibes. And Kamala Harris knows it. It's all vibes all the way down. So Kamala Harris was on the campaign trail, it was vibes in Biden on the campaign trail over the weekend. She says, basically the mission is just get through the next 64 days. That's it. And they know, they know. Don't talk about policy, don't say anything of substance. Just get through the next couple of months, hide it from the American people and maybe you'll sneak through. Let's just get through the next 64 days. How about that?


By the way, her, her campaigning has become more and more mannered. She's dragging out every different accent in every different place she can. She's got terrible local theater actor. Truly here, for example, is Kamala Harris speaking in Detroit and Pittsburgh. These are a few hours apart. Listen to the change in accent. You better thank a union member for sick leave. You better Thank a union member for paid leave. You better. Thank a union member for vacation time. Thank unions for sick leave. Thank unions for paid family leave. Thank unions for your vacation time.


Notice the change in accent One was in Detroit, one was in Pittsburgh. So when she's in Detroit, she sounds like Foghorn Leghorn. You better thank a union member. You better thank a union member. You better. And then she goes to Pittsburgh and she sounds like she is attending the University of Pennsylvania in the biz ed program. Like it is just, it is ridiculous. She's a ridiculous person. It's all vague sloganeering. It's all vibes and nothing else. Her campaign, I mean, she literally just goes out there and says N nos from based crap. Like we know what we're fighting for and forward. And this is supposed to be a campaign. Here she was over the weekend. We know how they play.


We know what they do. So let's not pay too much attention to the polls. Let's know, like Labor always does. We are out here running like we are the underdog in this race because we know what we're fighting for. We Know what we stand for, and that's why we know what we fight for as we fight to move our nation forward. Donald Trump intends to pull us back to the past, but we're not going back. And there's that crazy laugh.


It's gonna get worse, folks. It's gonna get worse as this campaign goes on.


Well, it's tough to prioritize your health, especially if you're not sure where to start. That's why I'm excited to introduce Lumen. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning to know what's going on with your metabolism. which means you'll know whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs. Forget those one size fits all diet fats. What sets Lumen apart is its ability to understand you on a personal level. I've been using it, especially on the road, doing a lot of travel, gotta stay healthy. That Lumen helps me pretty much every day. It takes my unique metabolic data and crafts, a personalized nutrition plan for every day tailored to my body's needs and goals. With Lumen, you're not just getting a device, you're getting a health companion. Breathe into it before and after workout or meal gain realtime insights into your body's metabolic response. Lumen will provide you with actionable tips to help you stay on top of your health. If you wanna take the next step in improving your health, go to Lumen. Do me slash Shapiro, get 15% off your lumen. That's LU me n.me. Use Shapiro for 15% off your purchase. That's lumen.me and use Shapiro for 15% off.


Joining us on the line is Ambassador David Friedman. He was the US Ambassador to Israel from March, 2017 until January, 2021 under Donald Trump. And he of course, successfully guided unprecedented diplomatic achievements in the US Israel relationship, including the Abraham Accords and the United States Embassy being moved to Jerusalem. He has a brand new book out today titled One Jewish State, the Last Best Hope to Resolve the Israeli Palestinian Conflict, ambassador Freeman. Great to speak with you. Thanks BEN. Great to be with you as well. So obviously, let's start with the news of the, of the weekend, horrifying news out of Israel, as six bodies are found in a terror tunnel held by Hamas. Six hostages for over 300 days shot in the back of the head, including an Israeli American.


And the first response, apparently of the rest of the world is to tell Israel to make more concessions to Hamas. That includes the current president of the United States, that Joe Biden, who awakened from his torper in Rehoboth Beach to explain that Benjamin Netanyahu was apparently not doing enough. What's your take on the situation? I was horrified by that. And I, I'll tell you why. You know, you know, Israel's going through a massive trauma since October 7th. And that trauma was, you know, was relived again a couple of days ago when these six hostages were found dead. And look, there, there, there are political divides in Israel and, and everybody knows that. But for, for Biden to say on a day like yesterday or or two days ago, whenever he said it, that Bibi net is not doing enough to free the hostages.


Not only is it absolutely false, but it it, it pours gasoline on, on a fire of, of, of America's most important ally. I mean, the people of Israel need some comfort. They need a hug. They don't need, don't need to be told that they're democratically elected leader doesn't care about the hostages, which is an absolute lie. An absolute lie. And, and you know what the, you know what the proof of it is. 'cause you know this as well, you know, in, in, in, unfortunately in Israel and in America, you know, these things, you know, everything leaks constantly. I mean, any story out is is out in about the, you know, five, 10 minutes. So, so here's the story that no one ever wrote. What was the deal, right? What was the deal? How many hostages were being released? And when, what was the price?


How many murderers were being released? What was happening to Swar? What was happening to Al? What was happening to Gaza? Who was gonna rule over it? Was Israel getting out or, you know, you know, permanently getting out temporarily? What was the answer is no one knows 'cause there was no deal. And the idea of accusing Netanyahu at a time when he's fighting for his life, for the life of the country is, is the worst political stunt, the most, the most obnoxious political stunt I've ever seen anybody pull. And and they should be ashamed of what they did. You know, ambassador Friedman, you know, for, for those Americans who look at the conflict in the middle of East and they say, why, why does this even matter to us? Why is this something that actually we should care about? Why isn't this just a far away conflict in a distant land?


I think what what this speaks to the, the reaction of the Biden administration, or say the UK government, which is cutting off weapons to Israel in the middle of a war. It speaks to a, a, a new kind of western idea since the end of the Cold War that the West does not deserve to defend itself. That when something terrible happens to the west, it probably is because the west has been too harsh. It's because the West itself has brought it upon itself. It's all, it's all backlash. What, why should, what's going on in Israel matter to people who don't live in the region. Well, in the first place, it's, it's disrupted everybody's lives. I mean, look at, look, look at the, look at how those who hate our country have mobilized upon this, this war to foment, you know, insurrection everywhere.


I mean, you can't go to college in America anymore, and in the blue states, you just can't go. I mean, you know, I have friends whose kids, you know, they're paying lots of money for tuition. They can't go to class because this war has, has mobilized a current within the United States that is Marxist communist, anti-American, and wants to destroy us. And, and, and those that want to destroy Israel want to destroy America. And Israel is the tip of the spear. And, and as goes Israel, ultimately, that's, that's, that's the western world. I mean, that's the tip of the western world. They're fighting the front closest to our enemies. And so it, there's a direct line between how Israel does and es this war and defends itself and how the rest of the, the Western world, I mean, look, you see London is, is unlivable.


Paris is unlivable. Why? Because the, the, the, these countries have followed Europe. Exactly what you pointed out, that, that was somehow we, we need to commit national suicide as a way of, of self-governance. And we can't do that. We're, we're, we're, you know, we're 10 years behind London, you know, on this, you know, we can't do it. And, and Israel can't do it. And, and, and I would add one thing, BEN, which is that, you know, the Bible still sells 2000 copies an hour in America, 20 million copies a year. People care about the Bible. It's the, it's the last authentic, you know, anchoring wisdom and values that we have left in our country. And we're losing that as well. But that's what we got left, is the Bible or the values, the Judeo-Christian values of, of that book.


And that book lives in the land of Israel. You know, if you wanna authenticate the stories, the events, the archeology, you go there and you get to recharge your batteries. And it matters. It matters to a lot of people. And it should matter because again, that is the wellspring of the values that made America a great country. So Ambassador Freeman, your book one Jewish State, the last best hope to resolve these Israeli Palestinian conflict posits something that has become taboo, which is the claim that the best solution in the, in the Israeli Palestinian conflict is Israeli sovereignty. Not only in what is now termed inside the Green Line Israel, but also in Judea and Samaria known as the West Bank. What, what's the case for that? Because the, the case that's always been made is that a two state solution is the best.


There has to be a self-governing Palestinian state in which Palestinians govern Palestinians and Israelis govern Israelis. The case that you make is the opposite. You essentially say, that's never going to happen. So, so why exactly should Israel govern areas like say Nalu or Janine, that are entirely Palestinian, but are obviously honeycombed with terrorism as well. So look, we, we start off with, with the point you made the two-state solution. We now d demonstrably know it won't work because we have attempted to establish that in Gaza about 17 years ago. And they were given lots of money. There's not a single Jew living there, not a single boot of any American soldier there. They were given billions of dollars. The territory is beautiful western facing Mediterranean, and they took all the money, all the billions of dollars, they elected Hamas, and they created one of the most vile terror states ever known to man.


Okay? That's the two state solution that would be replicated as well in Ju and Samaria, if there were a Palestinian state there. Even in places like Area A, which is a, a component under Oslo of Judea and Samaria, which is entirely Arab. Those places have now become hotbeds of terrorism, as you say, in Janine and Ramala and the Israeli defense forces have to go there to keep the peace. So making the case that a two state solution has failed and will continue to fail, is, is it's pretty easy. It's pretty straightforward. You have to be blind not to know that. Now, the question is what do you do? So the question is, is there anybody that can rule over Judea and Samaria that has a track record of empowering an Arab minority? Well, you know, you don't have to look far for that, right?


It's the state of Israel. 20% of the state of Israel are Arab citizens. More than 20% of Haifa University be university, Hebrew University, Tel Aviv University are Arabs. The Arabs have, have assimilated and penetrated into Israeli society in a very positive way. I have dear friends who are at the pinnacle of, of business and science in, in the state of Israel, you, you, you, you break your leg and you go to Hadassah Hospital, you're probably gonna get an Arab orthopedic surgeon who will do a very good job in, in, in, in treating you. So, you know, Israel is the only country that can export into this very kind of dangerous, unstable area.


The kind of, the kind of governance and values that will enable the, the locals, the Palestinians, to have a standard of living that rises up to that of Israeli Arabs. That's, that's number one. Number two is for those who, who care about, about Biblical Israel and those who care about places like, you know, Shiloh and Hebron and Bethlehem and, and the old city of Jerusalem. If, if Israel doesn't maintain sovereignty over those places, they're, they're gone. I mean, the Palestinians given the opportunity as they have done, for example, with the grave of Joseph and Nalu, they will destroy any connection. This is their goal, to destroy any connection of the Jewish people, of the Christian faith to this holy land. And I mean, this is a Islam, this is where Jesus walked.


This is where the kings ruled, the prophets preached. These are not places that could be given away. I mean, I've, and, and I believe that that is even the secular Israelis, even the, you know, the, the far left in Israel who kind of never wanted to get too close to the Bible, never get too close to their ancient history, wanted to recreate Israel in their own image. Even they're recognizing right now that this land is really the DNA of the Jewish people, and essential to people who observe the Christian faith. And, and we can't give it away. And if we can't give it away, need to come up with a system to keep it under Israeli sovereignty. And of course, my final point is that there'll be no security, no security in the region until Israel is able to rule over this land. Israel can rule over the land, they can keep the peace.


And that's the best thing for Jordan. It's the best thing for the, for the Saudis, the Emiratis. It's the best thing for the Palestinians who live in Juda and Samaria. So when people say to me, oh, you know, you're a colonizer. You're, you're an apart. Just, no, no, this is a plan. You can like it whether you're on the left or, or you're on the right, whether you're secular, whether you're religious, it's the best outcome for everyone. It's actually the unfinished business that Donald Trump and I, and, and Jared and others were working on when we, when we left office. I mean, this is the unfinished business, trying to find a solution that works for all. And it was, if people keep an open mind, this is a far better solution to the two state solution, which is a failure. So Ambassador Freeman, obviously, the big objection to anything like this is how does voting work?


So the, the claim is, let's say Israel takes sovereignty, annexes, the, the Judea and Samaria regions of, of what, what people call the West Bank. Let's say that they do that. Obviously you have millions of Palestinians who are living there. They're not voting. Now, obviously, they haven't voted in an election since like 2004. So MABA is now in year 18 of, of four year term. And obviously voting is not taking place in the Gaza stripe. But the supposition is that now living in Democratic Israel, they should be granted a vote in the Israeli parliament. If that were to happen, then almost immediately you would have a vying for control over the actual Democratic auspices of the state of Israel. So how do you square that circle? How do you make it so that Israel can maintain all this control over this area without falling into the trap of either a, a radicalized Arab minority taking control of the entire state, or the quote unquote apartheid state accusation, that essentially there's a second class citizenship being provided for Arab citizens.


So, look, you know, Israel, Israel, if it took over Judea and Samaria, it will inherit a large, somewhat radicalize at this point, Arab population, and it will work with its partners to try to deradicalize that by creating opportunities for, for, for the Palestinians there. But Israel can't, you know, swap, if you will, a, a, a security threat for a demographic threat. They can't, it just can't be done. I mean, Israel is a Jewish state, and that's why the book is called One Jewish State. 'cause we're only asking for one Jewish state. You know, there's 40 plus Muslim countries in the world, right? Where you gotta be Muslim. There's, there's, there's Christian countries, there's Hindu countries, there's Buddhist countries. We're just saying kind of one Jewish state, which means that the national character of the, of the state of Israel, the collective right of self-determination, which is part of the Israeli nation state law, has to be Jewish within that.


Okay? Within that, you know, within that, you know, umbrella, you'll have governance that, you know, and I use the example for example of, of Puerto Rico in the United States. Puerto Rico is a wholly owned territory of the United States as people are, or citizens of the United States. They don't vote. Puerto Rico does not vote in a national election. Neither does Guam, neither does American Samoa or other places. No one accuses America of being an apartheid state. So we'll have to work on the governance. I mean, I think the Palestinians living in their communities should have civilian autonomy. You know, they'll, they'll elect their mayors, they'll elect their governors. They'll, they'll possibly, you know, if we're getting into serious discussions, we can talk about taxation and how they'll have representation in taxation. You know, possibly, you know, we can, we can go in different, re the route and just say, look, there, there's seven or eight principles of Israel that you need 90% of the population to vote in favor of.


And, you know, which is another way of, of maintaining the Jewish character of the state of Israel. There's ways to do it. To me, that's a detail, to let that detail get in the way of deradicalizing the, the, the West Bank of, of giving away the biblical heritage of the Jewish and the Christian people, and to creating another terror state that will, you know, simply do to Israel in spades. And, you know, 10 times what Gaza did. It's, it's, it's a, it's, it's a problem we're gonna be able to fix. I have no doubt it's fixable if people take this seriously. Well, the book is one Jewish state, the last best hope to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. The author is Ambassador David Friedman. Of course, he was Ambassador to Israel under Donald Trump. David, thanks so much for the time. Really appreciate it.


It's my pleasure, BEN. Thanks for having me. All right, folks. Coming up, we're going to jump into Joe Biden joining Kamala Harris on the campaign trail. That's a terrible idea. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapiro. Checkout for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us. Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white people. Growing up, I never thought much about race. Never really seemed to matter that much. At least not to me, Am, I, Racist. I would really appreciate it. If you love, I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover, say racist. Joining us now, is Matt certified DEI expert. Here's my certification. And what you're doing is your stretching out of your whiteness.


Listen, more for you in this field, is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington monument to the George Floyd Monument. America is racist to its bones. So inherently, yes, this country is a piece of white folks, white trash, white supremacy. White woman, white boy. Is there a black person around? Or what happened? This black person right here, does he not exist? They'll say, I'm racist. Hi, Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Matt. I just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never be too careful. They gonna say, you racist. Buy your tickets now in theater. September 13th rated PG 13.