
Every day, local businesses open their doors with more than just a plan. They bring persistence, ambition, and a vision for what's next. And America's banks bring the tools and strategic guidance to get there from storefronts on Main Street to warehouse floors. Businesses are leading the way with support from banks. Banks are providing what it takes for businesses to operate today and plan for tomorrow. Building opportunity, fueling economic growth paid for by United for a strong economy.


Alrighty, folks, a stacked show today. Elon MUSK, Donald Trump. The Battle Royale is here, there going after each other. Hammer and tongs will go through every detail, all the fallout. But first, my brand new book, Lions and Scavengers is available Right now for presale. And yes, you can get a signed copy, but only at DailyWire dot com slash shop. It's a rallying cry against the lies poisoning our culture. And trust me, the scavengers will not like it, not one little bit. Again, that's DailyWire dot com slash shop for signed copies of my brand new book. Also, this Father's Day get Dad something. He'll actually use a gift membership for Daily Wire Plus now 40% off with Code Dad 40. While the culture tries to convince us that masculinity itself is toxic and that fatherhood is outdated, we all know better. Dad deserves uncensored ad free shows exclusive content and commentary that won't make him question his sanity because frankly, dad's been right about a lot of things.


The culture said he was wrong about save 40% on Daily Wire Plus gift memberships for Father's Day with Code Dad 40 at DailyWire dot com slash gift. Woo Boy. So Elon MUSK, the richest person on planet Earth and Donald Trump, most powerful man on planet Earth are now going at it. I mean really at it in the most severe way. And from an entertainment perspective, obviously break out the popcorn because these two guys are very entertaining. But from a political perspective, not amazing for the Republican Party because the sort of tech bro Blue Collar Alliance represented by Elon MUSK on the one hand, and Donald Trump on the other, was quite good for the Republican Party. I think it will outlast this particular tete between the two men.


But yesterday, all of this broke out into the open. So for weeks this has been coming. Elon MUSK left the administration just about a week ago. His 130 days at the administration expired. Basically, the rule is that you are allowed to serve inside an administration for something like 130 days as a special government employee. But when that expires, you need some sort of typical waiver or you need a congressional approval in order to keep serving. And MUSK didn't receive that. And thus he left last week. And when that happened, he started speaking out very openly about what he thought about the big beautiful Bill. The big beautiful bill in Musk's view is chalk filled with spending. There's a lot of pork, and you can see why MUSK is angry about the bill because he just gave up extraordinary amounts of time, effort, and stock valuation in order to go into the administration and pursue waste, fraud, and abuse.


When he left just about a week ago, I said that it was an actually heroic move, a rare heroic move in American public life is to give up your financial interests, truly give them up now, pretend to give them, actually give them up in the sense that you take a massive financial hit and go into public service in order to reduce spending. And it turns out that Elon thought that he was gonna be able to quickly and easily reduce spending. It turns out that's not exactly how government works. And so when he left Doge, the Department of Governmental efficiency that he had pioneered was still on the road to cutting tens of billions of dollars, but certainly not a trillion or $2 trillion as Elon first thought he was going to be able to do when he entered government. And so he looks around and he says, listen, I just spent months and months and months of my life and hundreds of millions of my own dollars, if not billions of my own dollars, trying to get the federal government of the United States to live within its means.


And now we have a bill that's coming out that actually somehow increases the national debt. Now, as I've been speaking about for days, because MUSK has been very critical of the bill very openly on an ideological level, MUSK is not wrong on a pragmatic level. The fact is that the Republicans in Congress are not going to restructure Medicare and Medicaid, social Security, the massive drivers of our national debt. And so on a pragmatic level, president Trump is right. The big beautiful bill is better than nothing because nothing means that all of the tax rates that are currently in place expire. And you probably get a recession. And on an ideological level, obviously my sympathies are with Elon MUSK and were long before Elon MUSK was a Republican. I've been advocating for a much smaller government, including restructuring of entitlement programs for literally my entire career, which now amounts to almost a quarter century in American politics.


So this is nothing new to me, even if it's new to some of the other people who are now discussing this particular issue. While all this broke out into the open yesterday, because Elon continued to rip into the big beautiful Bill telling people on X, his social media service that he bought, and then opened up that it was time to kill the bill and, and President Trump was doing a presser in the oval and he decided that he had had enough, it was time to fire back because Elon had basically suggested publicly that he didn't know what was in the bill until after the bill had already been passed in the house. And there are other people, including the speaker of the house and the White House, who said, well, no, actually, some of that information was available, and Elon didn't look at it, and now he's mad about stuff that he was already okay with.


In any case, president Trump decided he had had enough, he was done with this, and he went after Elon MUSK saying, you know, I don't know if you have a great relationship anymore. We used to. I don't know where it is now. Look, Elon and I had a great relationship. I don't know if it went well anymore. I was surprised because you were here. Everybody in this room practically was here as we had a wonderful sendoff. He said wonderful things about me. You couldn't have nicer, said the best thing. He's worn the hat. Trump was right about everything, and I am right about the great big beautiful bill. Okay? Then Trump went on to say that he was quite disappointed in Elon for Elon's criticisms of the so-called big beautiful bill.


But I'm very disappointed because Elon knew the inner workings of this bill better than almost anybody sitting here, better than you people. He knew everything about it. He had no problem with it. All of a sudden, he had a problem, and he only developed the problem when he found out that we're gonna have to cut the EV minted. And he hasn't said bad about me personally, but I'm sure that'll be next. But I'm, I'm very disappointed in Elon. So this simultaneously pissed off Elon. So Elon has a giant social media service. Trump has his own social media service through social. So these two men were fighting with each other both via video, the way that that Trump was right there. And also Elon was watching this in real time and commenting and saying, that's not true. I didn't know what was in the bill.


He's talking about the EV mandate. But I'd, I'd been advocating for the end of an EV mandate years ago. Believe me, we're gonna get to much more on all the fallout from the MUSK Trump flame fight.


First, you feel like somebody's watching online while you're not being paranoid, you actually are being monitored. Your internet provider can see every website you visit and in the United States, they can legally sell that data. Even your private browsing isn't really private. That's why I use expressive VPN, and it encrypts your connection and reroute your traffic through secure servers, keeping your browsing truly private with Express VPN, my internet provider can't see what I'm doing online. They've got nothing to sell because there's nothing to see. It also hides my IP address, which is basically your digital fingerprint that websites and trackers use to identify you. Without that exposed data, brokers can't piece together a profile of my browsing habits and sell it off to advertisers and marketers. My data stays my own. The best part, even though I'm not a tech expert, I find it incredibly simple to use. Literally just one tab. And you are protected. They have apps for everything, phones, laptops, tablets, smart TVs, whatever device you're using. And it's not just me saying it works. Express VPN is consistently rated the number one VPN by cnet, the Verge, and tons of other major tech publications. When you're trusting something with your privacy, those reviews actually do matter. And I travel all the time. That means I need to be using my Express VPN, and thus I do. So if you wanna start taking your online privacy seriously, do not wait. Use my special link to get four extra months of ExpressVPN for free at ExpressVPN dot com slash ben. That's ExpressVPN dot com slash ben.


Also PureTalk, my wireless company, a veteran led company believes every man and woman who's faithfully served this country deserves to proudly fly an American flag that was made in America. That's why PureTalk is on a mission to give an allegiance. Flag the highest quality American flag to 1000 US veterans in time for the patriotic holidays. Flag Day, the US Army birthday. They're coming up June 14th, independence Day comes up in July. Just switch your cell phone service to PureTalk this month, and a portion of every single sale goes to provide these high quality flags to deserving veterans with plans from just 25 bucks a month for unlimited talk text and plenty of data you can enjoy America's Most Dependable 5G network while cutting your cell phone bill in half. The average family saves over a thousand dollars a year. I use PureTalk for all of my calls, and believe me, I value my calls you to do. That's why you should be using PureTalk lower cost best coverage. Head on over to PureTalk dot com slash shapiro to switch hassle-free in as little as 10 minutes. Again, that's PureTalk dot com slash shapiro to support veterans and to switch to America's wireless company, PureTalk, go check them out right now, PureTalk dot com slash shapiro. Again, that's PureTalk dot com slash shapiro to switch hassle-free and as little as 10 minutes.


Meanwhile, president Trump was suggesting again and again that Elon was upset because of the removal of the EV mandate from the electric vehicle mandate from the big beautiful Bill Elon's upset because we took the EV mandate and you know, which was a lot of money for electric vehicles. And you know, they're having a hard time, the electric vehicles, and they want us to pay billions of dollars in subsidy. And you know, I I, Elon knew this from the beginning, And then President Trump finally signed off by saying that Elon appears to now have Trump's derangement syndrome. I'll, I'll tell you, it's not.


He's not the first. People leave my administration and they love us. And then at some point they miss it so badly, and some of them embrace it, and some of 'em actually become hostile. I don't know what it is. It's sort of Trump derangement syndrome, I guess they call it, but I we have it with others too. They leave and they wake up in the morning and the glamor is gone. The whole world is different and they become hostile. Okay? So Elon was watching this press conference happen in the oval in real time. And at this point, Elon signed into chat.


So he tweeted out at 12:19 PM whatever, keep the EV solar incentive cuts in the bill, even though no oil and gas subsidies are touched, very unfair, but ditched the mountain of disgusting pork in the bill in the entire history of civilization. There's never been legislation that both bi that is both big and beautiful. Everyone knows this. Either you get a big and ugly bill or a slim and beautiful bill, slim and beautiful is the way. And then Elon really went off. He said, without me, Trump would've lost the election. Dems would control the House and the Republicans would be 51 49 in the Senate. That was a response to President Trump saying in the press conference that he didn't need Elon to win Pennsylvania. And again, you can see this argument either way. Certainly President Trump won Pennsylvania pretty solidly. There's a case to be made that he would've won Pennsylvania without Elon MUSK.


But was Elon's imp premature involved in Trump's victory? No question. Elon was very important to the 2024 race. And then Elon tweeted such in gratitude about an hour later, he tweeted, is it time to create a new political party in America that actually represents the 80% in the middle? Had the idea being that he's left the Republican party Now he had left the Democratic party to, we need a new party. And I know this question comes up a lot, actually. I'm asked this question a lot, and the answer is no, we don't actually need another party. Because the reality is that just because you're dissatisfied with vanilla and you're dissatisfied with chocolate, doesn't mean everybody's gonna like strawberry. Everybody has these ideas about what a third party will amount to, but there are many third parties in American public life that 80% is just an 80% that is dissatisfied with both of the parties, not an 80% that is desperate for a third kind of mashup party.


In any case, president Trump then responded, quote, the easiest way to save money in our budget, billions and billions of dollars, is to terminate Elon's government subsidies and contracts. I was always surprised Biden didn't do it. So Trump responds on true social, his own competing social media service by saying that he's going to remove subsidies from say, SpaceX, for example, which by the way is kind of a bad idea because SpaceX actually happens to be one of the only efficient parts of the American federal spending plan. And then Trump just a few minutes later put out a statement. Elon was wearing thin. I asked him to leave. I took away his EV man date that forced everyone to buy electric cars that nobody else wanted that he knew for months I was going to do. And he just went crazy. So there is mu, there is Trump accusing MUSK of essentially being corrupt because MUSK was there just for the EV mandate.


And then Trump decided he didn't like him and that he was tired of him and he threw him out. Okay? And then somebody tweeted at MUSK, this would both end the International Space Station and simultaneously provide no way to safely deorbit it. And Elon tweeted back, this just gets better and better, crying, laughing emojis. Go ahead, make my day. And then he finally drops the biggest bomb of the exchange, 2:49 PM quote, time to drop the really big bomb. Donald Trump is in the Epstein files. That is the real reason. They have not been made public. Have a nice day, Donald J. Trump. Okay? Now the reality is, is Donald Trump in any really nefarious way in the Epstein files, highly doubtful.


Democrats had a look at the Epstein files. They of course were in power during the entirety of the last four years. Do we really believe that if they had access to information that Donald Trump was tripping minors on Epstein Island that never would've leaked into the public. We got his IRS records. I, I really, really doubt that. With that said, Elon of course had access to the Epstein files via Doge. And so you have to take it with a little bit of seriousness, although again, I take with a gigantic grain of salt, however it is Elon going really, really low there. And meanwhile, president Trump is going low by claiming that Elon is corrupt and was only doing all of this so he could secure his EV mandate. And when that got taken away, he went crazy. Trump a few minutes later tried to Ramp it down a little bit.


He said, I don't mind Elon turning against me, but he should have done so months ago. This is one of the greatest bills ever presented to Congress. It's a record cut in expenses, $1.6 trillion and the biggest tax cut ever given. If this bill doesn't pass, there'll be a 68% tax increase and things far worse than that. I didn't create this mess. I'm just here to fix it. This puts our country on a path to greatness. Make America great again. Now by the way, this is response Trump probably should have used the entire time. When we get into who's to blame for all this, the answer is everyone as we'll get to in a moment. Everyone is to blame for all of this. However, this is the attitude that Trump should be taking and should have taken the entire time, which is okay. Elon's over in the corner ranting about the big beautiful bill that's his prerogative. But we like the big beautiful Bill. The Republicans and Congress are going to pass the big beautiful bill.


So if it doesn't pass, we have an economic downturn. End of story and move on with your life. I mean, that's exactly what Speaker Johnson's been doing. That's what President Trump put out on truth social yesterday. Well, at the same exact time that Trump was doing that on truth social, on the competing social service X, again, this is just from a comedic perspective, very high comedy from a country perspective. I think all of this is going to blow over. I actually do. But Elon then tweeted out in response to another tweet from person named Ian Miles Chong, that tweet said, president versus Elon, who wins? My money's on Elon Trump should be impeached and JD Vance should replace him and must tweet it back. Yes. Okay, so that obviously creates splits inside the Trump administration.


Again, I mentioned before there's sort of this tech bro blue collar alliance that has happened inside the Trump administration and in the Trump movement, JD Vance sort of has one foot in each camp. JD Vance, of course, spent an awful lot of time in Silicon Valley. He has many allies in these sort of Peter Thiel, mark Andreessen, Elon MUSK category, David Sachs, right? The, all those people are very fond of, of JD Vance. And JD Vance, the vice president of the United States, also of course has a foot in the blue collar group because he is from white Appalachia and he has made a, a big deal properly so over his rise from impoverished circumstances in his youth. And so if of any figure who sort of straddles that divided JD Vance, this is a very bad thing for JD Vance that Elon is saying that he wants to ous Trump in favor of JD Vance.


And JD Vance last night came out with a tweet saying that his loyalty is entirely to to President Trump, which of course it would have to be. He's the vice president of the United States. What's he going to say that his loyalty is to Elon MUSK? I mean there, there's no other choice for him. Well, coming up, we'll go through all of President Trump's pulling data, what's happening in the polls? We'll go through that with John Bickley of Morning Wire in a moment.


First, every family has precious moments, first steps, birthdays, weddings, vacations captured on old camcorders film tapes. Those irreplaceable memories were not meant to gather dust in storage. They're meant to be shared and relived across generation. But right now they're slowly deteriorating and they're at risk of being lost forever. Legacy Box exists rescue these priceless recordings, transforming your forgotten footage into digital keepsakes Your family can treasure for years to come. Imagine reliving a favorite childhood memory with your siblings on a group chat. Legacy box makes that possible. The process could not be easier. Simply pack your old tapes, reels and photos in a legacy box and then send it in. They're skilled US-based team carefully hand digitized every item, whether it's Super eight film from decades past VHS tapes of family gatherings, old cassette recordings or photo negatives tucked away. In albums, they handle over 15 different types of media. So no matter what format holds your memories, they can bring it back to life. And I've been using Legacy Box for years. I used it for myself and my parents for my in-laws with over 1 million families already trusting Legacy Box to preserve their most cherished moments. You can feel confident your memories are in expert hands. Head on over to legacy box.com/shapiro and get 50% off today. That's legacy box.com/shapiro.


Also, let's face it, trying to get in shape for summer is a giant pain in the butt. Between finding time for the gym, tracking every gram of protein and carbs, and sticking to a diet, it feels like an uphill battle. And that's where Lean comes in. It's a doctor formulated weight loss supplement backed by real research, not just marketing hype. What makes Lean different is how it works with your body's natural processes. It helps convert fat stored into energy throughout the day through something called lysis. Basically the same fat burning process that happens when you're fasting or working out, but it's happening while you're just going about your day. Plus, it helps keep your blood sugar stable. And that's a huge thing because blood sugar spikes completely derail your diet, leave you craving junk food. It's simple, it's effective. It actually delivers real results. Whether you're just starting your weight loss journey or you're looking to break through a plateau, lean is exactly what you need to finally see the progress that you have been working toward. One of our very own DailyWire account executives, Butch started taking lean. He's already dropped seven pounds in two weeks. He's been so impressed with how effective Lean has been in such a short period of time. You will be too. I'm getting you started with 20% off when you enter BEN twenty@takelean.com. That's code Ben twenty@takelean.com.


Meanwhile, Elon tweeted out, the Trump tariffs will cause a recession in the second half of this year. Okay, so all of this is, is nuclear, right? All of this melts down sort of the combined movement. Now, will there be a Deante? I think it's likely there will be a Deante. In fact, Elon had made some signs of that even late last night. Somebody with like a hundred followers tweeted at him, you probably shouldn't kill Dragon X. So he had said in response to Trump saying he'll remove the subsidies that he was going to stop producing Dragon X, which is of course the the space vehicle that is used to go to and from the International Space Station. Well, if the United States were to stop using SpaceX, stop, quote unquote subsidizing SpaceX, one of the most efficient parts of the government, what would happen?


I asked our Sponsors that Perplexity what actually SpaceX does for NASA And what would happen to America's space program if SpaceX were going to stop providing services. And what I found out from Perplexity, SpaceX's Dragon Capsule is currently the only US spacecraft capable of transporting astronauts to and from the International Space Station. SpaceX conducts regular cargo resupply missions to the ISS. SpaceX has Falcon Nine and Falcon Heavy Rockets handle two thirds of all NASA launches, including science payloads, satellites, and interplanetary missions. SpaceX is developing the Starship vehicle, which NASA has selected as the lunar lander for its Artemis program, which is about returning astronauts to the moon. And if SpaceX stopped providing services, I mean, first of all, nobody could get to the ISS. Second of all, all the other stuff would become way more expensive. Alternatives such as the United Launch Alliance and Blue Origin are either more expensive or not yet capable of matching SpaceX's launch cadence and reliability. Instead, NASA might actually have to contract with like the Russian Soyuz rockets. So yeah, it would be a problem if this relationship broke up, at least on the material side.


You had investors like Bill Ackman saying that both sides should go weapons down. And Politico reported this morning. Signs of arus are emerging in the increasingly bitter clash between two of the world's most powerful men. President Trump projected an air of nonchalance in an interview Thursday with Politico separately White House aids after working to persuade the president to temper his public criticism of MUSK to avoid escalation. Scheduled to call on Friday with the billionaire CEO of Tesla. Letter broker appease Trump. Told Politico in a brief telephone call when asked about the public breakup with Elon, he said, it's okay. It's going very well. Never done better. The numbers are through the roof, the highest polls I've ever had, and I have to go and we'll discuss with John Bickley, the host of Morning Wire and Editor in Chief of DailyWire.


We'll discuss with John in just a few moments what those numbers look like. And Trump isn't wrong about that. His poll numbers actually look quite solid at this very moment. However, Jonathan Carl then reported this morning quote in a phone conversation. Donald Trump told me Elon MUSK is quote, the man who has lost his mind. Trump did not however seem angry or even concerned about the feud. As for reports, there's going to be a Trump MUSK call scheduled for today. Trump told me he's not particularly interested in talking to MUSK, although he says MUSK wants to talk to him, so he'll have to see how this entire thing plays out. Do I think this is a long lasting debate? I I I don't do, do I think that this is a, a debate that is, that is going to wreck the Republican party? I do not, but it is worth analyzing the causes of this particular debate.


So the causes, first of all, the political. So again, as I've said for several weeks at this point, the political debate between Elon and Trump is very simple. Elon is on the side of idealism and Trump is on the side of pragmatism. Elon is saying, we need to cut the national debt's a major crisis. It's gonna sink the country. He's correct about that. Trump is saying that may be true, but I do not actually have the political support to do the thing you want me to do. And Elon came into government really thinking that he could run it like a business. Elon came into government thinking that he could do the Steve Jobs thing, where he could go to an elevator, the elevator would open, a government employee would be on the elevator. He would ask that person what they did, and if they couldn't answer properly, he could just fire them. And it turns out the government is a gigantic bureaucracy, particularly in the executive branch.


There are regulations that apply. There are union rules, there are judges who oversee a lot of these sorts of things. There are pieces of legislation that have to be complied with. It is just not that easy to redo government. It isn't. It's not like a business. You can't just come in and clean it out top to bottom. It's one of the great misnomers of American politics that you can do that, that you can treat government as though it's a tech company. It doesn't work that way. And Elon, I think ran up headlong against that. That is also true when it comes to the big beautiful Bill. So I agree with Elon, we should not only go back to 2019 spending levels, we should totally restructure our entitlement programs. We should. That is a thing that should be done. Is there support in Congress to do that Right now? No. Is there support in the Senate to do that right now? No.


Is there even support among the broader American popula to do that right now? The answer unfortunately is no, and that's a real problem. So President Trump is coming down on the pragmatic side. And that debate, again, that's nothing new in American politics, ideologues versus the, the pragmatist in office that that sort of push and pull is, is quite normal in American politics. It's some, it's a conversation I'm constantly having with members of congress, senators and yes, presidents. Now the, the, the conversation about what is pragmatically available And what is the thing you should shoot for because you're never gonna get a hundred percent of the pie. Can you get 65 or 70% of the pie? And is that better than zero? Okay, then there is the question of business. So you heard President Trump over there going after Elon suggesting the reason that Elon is mad is about the EV subsidies.


Now a while back, Elon was openly calling for an end to ev subsidies, right? And by I mean like July of last year, he said, take away the subsidies. It will only help Tesla. He said, remove subsidies from all industries. So while that's true, it is also true that Tesla's solar power unit put out its post on x late last month quote abruptly ending the energy tax credits with threaten America's energy independence about, and the reliability of our grid. So, and, and then MUSK put out a tweet at the time saying, there's no change to the tax incentives on oil and gas just for EV solar. So why are you benefiting one portion of industry at the expense of another portion of industry?


And that latter point is actually a good point. The the reality is that the government is just a giant grab bag of cash. And so various industries lobby for a piece of that cash. And so you can't be surprised when the EV industry wants cash and the oil and gas industry wants cash. They all want tax subsidies. That's not anything new. This is a great reason why government should be limited specifically so that you don't have that giant grab bag of cash that everybody is trying to stick their hands into the middle of. But on a business level, obviously what President Trump is doing with regard to the big beautiful bill and ev subsidies and all the rest, that has an impact on Musk's business. That's true. MUSK says, fine do it, but cut everything else also. And then there's the personal, and this is I think the, the straw that actually broke the cam camel's back that nobody's actually talking about from people who know both men and who know the administration.


What I have heard is that the straw that broke the camel's back on all of this was the decision last week by President Trump to withdraw the nomination of tech billionaire Jared Isman, a longtime associate of Elon MUSK to lead nasa. So President Trump put out a statement on his social media site quote, after a thorough review of prior associations, I'm hereby withdrawing the nomination of Jared Isman de head, nasa. I'll soon announce a new nominee who will be mission aligned and put America first in space. Apparently this really angered MUSK, and he put out a post saying, it is rare to find someone so competent and good hearted. Now, I gotta say I'm on Musk's side of this. I understand that Jared Isman is a democratic don, can he run NASA properly?


They're a bunch of people in Doge world, in tech worlds who are new to the Trump administration, who are very, very competent and ought to be in their positions because of competence. And let's face it, if we're, if we're not talking about people who gave Democrats donations until relatively recently, Donald Trump was a democratic donor until he ran for president of the United States in 2015 as a Republican, he gave money to Democrats repeatedly. That doesn't mean he's a bad Republican, that means he changed his opinion. It means he decided that he was no longer going to give money to those people. So the idea that Jared Isman had to sort of be ousted as the NASA head because of his prior associations, I think yet you have to chalk that one up to the Office of Personnel Management run by Sergio Gore.


OPM has become sort of a gigantic loyalty test, personal loyalty test for President Trump. And the problem with that is that Trump doesn't know any of these people who are applying for, he doesn't know Isaac man from from Adam. He, he, he doesn't know any of these people. He, so that means that there's a lot of wiggle room for people at OPM to basically get in the president's ear and tell him that certain people are loyal and certain people are not loyal. But the reality is, people who are trying to apply for jobs in the Trump administration are generally very loyal to President Trump. Doesn't mean everybody. There's certainly some egregious outliers, but using loyalty as sort of the way of weeding people out of the Trump, if that were the case, JD Vance would not be vice president right Now, JD Vance has said things way harsher than I ever have about President Trump.


He's the current vice president. There are a lot of allies of the president who have said incredibly harsh things about the President. One of the things about President Trump is that he has been able to bring many of those people into the fold. Many of them right in the commentariat in his administration. Some of his harshest critics are now people like his Secretary of State, right? The, the Donald Trump has always been able to do that. So this this bizarre idea that somebody like Isaac man had to be outed for lack of loyalty, it seems to me that loyalty is now being used as a club that some actors inside the administration who are more ideological and, and somewhat revenge minded in the way that they view the staffing of the administration. And so firing Isaac man is what actually set this thing off from what I understand, because MUSK said, listen, Isaac man knows this arena.


He will be a good asset administrator, and there's no one in America, literally no one who knows the space industry better than the founder of SpaceX, Elon MUSK. So I trust Elon on that. If Elon says that Isaac men would've been a good NASA pick, I trust Isaac. I trust Elon on that way more than I trust anybody at OPM who isn't gonna know anything about space, about nasa, about what's actually necessary for the job. Okay? Apparently on a personal level, that's what set it off, okay? If that's the spark, that's sort of petty stupidity, that's dumb. And really somebody should be called on the carpet for it if that's what set off the spark for that. However, with that said, what came next is perfectly predictable. Elon MUSK is not an ego free human president. Trump is not an ego free human.


Both of these men are incredibly large personalities. Both of them are incredibly sensitive to slight, they don't like being insulted. And so the idea they were then going to take access to one another and that it was gonna be very entertaining for everybody watching that was sort of the way it was gonna go. Now, does this mean a broader crack up in sort of the Republican Party? The answer there is no, because the people who are elected are in fact aligned with President Trump's priorities as we'll get to in a moment. But there are some people who are gonna try to take advantage of this split. There are some people who are gonna try to worm their way into the administration by suggesting that because they didn't personally like MUSK, and now MUSK is attacking Trump, they should be given more power. One of those people, longtime MUSK critic Steve Bannon, so Steve Bannon, you'll remember, is the former chief of staff to the president during his first term.


Then President Trump decided he didn't like Bannon and fired him, calling him sloppy Steve. And one of the more entertaining moments of Trump, 1.0. Well, now MUSK is calling Bannon, who's been a long time critic of MUSK because Bannon is much more sort of protectionist and, and nativist and his orientation toward American politics. He, he's calling for Elon MUSK to be deported, and presumably he feels this is his way back into the Trump administration, which he desperately would love to be a part of. Also, as we, Stuart Stevens talked back in in January, I don't know why we haven't had a full investigation. Look, if you're gonna deport illegal aliens, you gotta deport e illegal illegal aliens.


The good go with the the good, you know, the, the goose and the gander they gotta go back to this is that Stuart Stevens talk about and go through everything about his immigration status. I happen to believe, given the facts that I've been shown, that he's an illegal alien, an illegal alien's gotta be deported. Okay? So I'm just gonna point out at this point that Steve Bannon, who I know personally, I don't disagree with Steve on everything, but Steve has a, a very strong habit of stapling himself to whomever is the most powerful person in the room. Donald Trump happens to be that person, obviously. And so he is for a very long time, been trying to kind of push his way back into the administration. He feels like this is his moment since he's for a long time predicted the falling out between MUSK and and Trump.


The idea that that MUSK is going to be deported. So a man who's responsible for tens of thousands of American jobs and some of the most successful companies in American history we're going to deport him based on what that, that's absurd. He then called for the expropriation of SpaceX. It's this sort of stuff that I don't think resonates for for most Americans. The idea that Elon MUSK disagrees with President Trump on policy and they're having a Twitter battle and, and thus SpaceX should be forcibly removed from its founder. The acts should, that President Trump should be taking immediately. I think when he threatens to take one of the big programs out of SpaceX. President Trump tonight should sign an executive order calling for the Defense to Production Act, to be called in SpaceX and seize SpaceX tonight before midnight Seizes SpaceX.


And you can see how happy Bannon is about this. I mean, he is loving every single moment. The other person who's loving every single moment of this is of course a OC. So Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez, she of the bartending, the stupidity, and the rather negative associations with people who love terrorism and she's very happy. Oh man, the girls are fighting, aren't they? You know, I would say that this was something that was a long time coming were we've been seeing that these two huge egos were not long for being together in this world as as as friends. And so I think we're, I think this breakup we've been seeing a long time coming, but we'll see what the impacts are at are of it legislatively.


Okay? So yeah, again, Democrats are just overjoyed about all of this. Meanwhile, in business terms, Tesla took a massive one day market cap decline, which again, I think is really silly. Like the underlying math on Tesla has not changed it. It hasn't. Tesla happens to be an amazing company, I think for a long time that it's overvalued, it's PE ratio is wild. And that's because Tesla is effectively an AI company that makes cars not a car company with some ai. With that said, the idea that the market cap of the company should shed like $237.2 billion over the last five sessions because of fights between MUSK and Trump is an absurdity. That's ridiculous. If any company is that reliance on the large just of the federal government, it's already overvalued.


I do not think now is like a, an amazing time to sell Tesla, for example. Meanwhile, president Trump's own stock in his media company also took a hit. There was an 8% decline in the Trump media and technology group allegedly costing the president $200 million. Now, again, I think it's worth noting at this point, that's not how the stock market works. Whenever you read a story about how Elon lost a a hundred billion dollars yesterday, he didn't lose any money, he didn't cash out his stock, he's not an idiot. That's not how it works. That's like saying that every time the real estate market goes down, you lost money. No, you didn't unless you sold your house into it. That is actually not how stock works, is not how asset ownership works. President Trump's meme coin also declined some 10%, potentially costing him nearly $900 million.


Again, I'm not a big fan of these meme coins in the first place. However, now the fact that these two are tethered together economically is sort of fascinating. As far as the space program. There could be serious problems if in fact the federal government did go after SpaceX because SpaceX is the major provider of an enormous amount of the country's space technology. If SpaceX's government contracts were actually canceled, it would eliminate America's ability to launch astronauts to space from American soil. This is according to space.com. SpaceX's crew and Cargo Dragon spacecraft variants have changed landscape of NASA operations aboard the ISS and ushered in a new era of US space flight. So of course, MUSK is already backed off of that. Of course, it could also create some serious problems for the Pentagon if there were to be a break in the relationship.


The Pentagon is reliant on many SpaceX programs. Again, I don't think any of this is gonna materialize. I think all of this I is a bit of a, of a spat it. It means that Elon is gonna get less involved with the Republican party going forward, and it means that President Trump is gonna be l less reliant on Elon publicly. All of that is true, and it means that many of the debates that were had kind of behind closed doors about things ranging from free trade to immigration to foreign policy are now gonna be head out in the open. I don't think that's a terrible thing, by the way. I think it is worthwhile for people to have clarity in these conversations about who exactly stands where the, this sort of bizarre notion that ideological vagary is somehow good for the Republican Party. I think it's bad. I don't think it is. I think we ought to have these debates.


I think we ought to know where people stand with that said, what is the ultimate impact of this? Some fraying of the seams, but certainly not the collapse of the Republican coalition, more broadly speaking because the Republican coalition is in fact going to pass the big beautiful bill in a moment. We'll get to the polling numbers for President Trump. Shockingly good.


First, when we started DailyWire, it felt like I had to figure everything out with minimal help, editorial guidelines, studio setup, production schedule, branding. That's a lot of stuff to do. New decisions were necessary daily. Finding the one tool that simplifies everything when starting a business becomes a game changer and a lifesaver for millions of businesses. That tool is Shopify. Shopify is e-commerce platform behind millions of businesses around the world and 10% of all e-commerce in the United States. We even use it for our own DailyWire shops to make sure things are running smoothly and efficiently so y'all can get the goods. You might be asking, what if I can't design the website or I'm worried people haven't heard of my brand? Not a problem. Shopify's got you covered from the start with beautiful ready to go templates that match your brand style and help you find your customers through easy to run email and social media campaigns. And if you need a hand with everyday tasks, their AI tools created specifically for commerce can help enhance product images, write descriptions and more. Plus, their award-winning customer support is available 24 7 to share advice. If you ever get stuck, turn those dreams into and give them the best shot at success with Shopify. Sign up for your one dollar per month trial and start selling today at shopify.com/shapiro. Go to shopify.com/shapiro. Again, that's shopify.com/shapiro.


Also ready for a home upgrade without all the hassle. Give your home a fresh look in 2025 with new custom window treatments from blinds.com where real design experts make the complex simple. If you're tired of the usual complications when shopping for window treatments, blinds.com takes a completely different approach. Their design experts are there to help you with everything from picking the right styles to getting them professionally installed. Even if you have a really complicated project, they make it simple by offering free professional measuring services. The best part, you don't need to schedule someone to come to your house anymore. You can shop online whenever it's convenient for you that any pushy sales tactics or haggling over prices, Plus they will send samples straight to your door quickly and at no cost. So you can see exactly what you're getting, whether you're looking at Roman shades, woven wood options, shutters, even motorized treatments, you'll get an upfront quote with no surprise fees. It's refreshing, not having to wait around for an in-home consultation just to find out what something costs. We've used blinds.com ourself. Their product is excellent, they make it super user-friendly. Shop blinds.com Right now, save up to 50% off of a minimum purchase. Get up to 50% off for a limited time@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply. That's blinds.com and get 50% off for a limited time.


Well, as I mentioned a little bit early on in the show, president Trump has been touting his poll numbers and you know, he does that, whether the polls are good or whether the polls are bad, but the polls appear to actually be pretty good for President Trump. Joining us on the line to discuss is John Bickley, executive editor and co-host of Morning Wire available on video Now, wherever you get your podcast, John, great to see you. Hey, great to see you. Yes, we are available on video, on YouTube, like, and subscribe. I'll get that in before I forget to do it at the end. Hey, yes, things are looking good for Republicans. This is actually interesting. All all anybody can think about, all I can think about right now, TRUMP VS. Elon, this huge breakup, but I actually stepping back a little bit, it actually highlights the strength of the Republicans and, And what I mean by that is these two G this is fascinating and it it is all consuming.


Everybody's watching this thing. It's, it's supposedly a bad moment and there's some, some elements there that are potentially bad. And I'm glad to hear your perspective. I have the same perspective. I think this is not gonna be that big of a deal of a deal in the end. I hope not. I hope it has no real world ram ramifications for nasa, for example. I think there is actually reconciliation possible in the future, but no matter what these two guys, these, these are two of the biggest personalities in history. In history, and they're both on the right side and they both come from the left. And even this, this breakup, the arguments are conservative arguments that they're arguing over. One of them is a, like you've said, a pragmatic political perspective from Trump.


Hey, what can we actually accomplish right now in this moment? What are the wins for conservatives that we can actually get, which is a great valid, it's exactly what he should focus on. And then you also have the ideological element, which is a conservative argument from Elon MUSK, which also, like you said, we all agree with. It's, it's not possible right now. Maybe it's, it has a little bit of a like sort of rose colored glasses perspective, but we should be having this debate. This is a great debate. This moment is actually not bad for Republicans. I would argue. It's actually highlighting just how more interesting, how, how more dynamic and how actually they have, we have room for debate in our party.


It's actually fascinating. And you mentioned A-O-C-A-O C's, like thrilled about this. A OC from the polling is the thought leader of the Democratic party. So to talk about the polling aspect, that's the, that's the person who gets the highest marks out of Democrats. But I talked to Brent Buchanan from signal polling and he said, look, even her, the, the, the highest you get in terms of Democrat voters saying, Hey, who do you think is the leader? She gets the highest marks at about 20%. Only about 20%. No one else gets anything better. There are no leaders. What is it, Gavin Newsom? No way. And the truth is, the Democrats right now are in disarray.


I asked Brent, you know, from your polling, is it, is it hyperbole to say that they are in a death spiral? They continue to be in a death spiral, the Democratic party? He said, it's not hyperbole. He said they're, this is the worst moment they've had in decades in terms of polling. They have lost 15%, actually. They've lost 19% of their support from independence. They're underwater by 15 points with independence. They, they are losing not young white males. They're losing all young males, all of them 20 point swings for Hispanics and among black young males.


This is, it's devastating. We saw this happening leading up to the election and a lot of, a lot of people looking at the actual election results and saying, this was the, the trend. And the question was, would it continue? It has totally continued. And the other thing I think has a lot of questions too is like the, the tariffs, how much the tariffs had an impact on the polling for Trump and Republicans. And actually he, there was, there was definitely a downturn for Trump immediately after Liberation Day, a lot of questioning. He got to about a seven point gap in terms of approval rating. He's back now to about a two point gap, which as you and I know of watching polling, is particularly with bold presidents who unleash very bold policies.


This is, this is great. He could be, he's in the, he's actually in the black in multiple polls in the last week. So I I Republicans, I, I'm not trying to spin to be overly I optimistic for Republicans here. I think this is the reality. Republicans are still in an amazing position. What have you seen? I mean, I think that's exactly right. But, but I think that what's fascinating about it is, is more the incompetence of the Democrats than the competence of the Republicans. Obviously the Republicans are fighting with each other over everything under the sun, ranging from foreign policy to domestic policy to social policy. But the Democrats seem to have no capacity to make any attack at all. They, they don't seem to have a consolidating point. Even their attacks are, are sort of backwards in the, in, in the way that they're approaching them.


So to take an example, Democrats have been attacking President Trump for being so-called taco, right? Trump always chickens out the idea of being that he does tariffs and then he removes the tariffs or he makes a threat and then he doesn't perform the threat. But that is an argument that actually does not benefit them because they don't want Trump to be doing those things. So if President Trump does a tariff and then he removes it, most Americans say, okay, well, he tried a thing and it didn't work, and he stopped doing the thing. And Democrats see that as well, he's a chicken, but he's chicken to a more popular position that Americans actually like. I mean, that, that is a feature, not a bug, is that President Trump will very often try things and if they don't work, he will then shift and move. And so even the democratic attacks that are now the most popular, these sort of meme attacks the Democrats are launching, are not calibrated to actually gain popularity with the American people.


They're looking for a thing to attack President Trump on. The reality is that the economy is not collapsing, has not collapsed. And, and because of that, they actually don't have anything to run on. They can't run on social policy, on foreign policy. Hmm. They may not like what President Trump is doing. But it actually doesn't differ radically in many ways from what Joe Biden was doing in, for example, Ukraine and Russia, right? The, the arms have actually continued to flow to Ukraine, and I think the American people are giving President Trump credit for at least attempting to get to some sort of off Ramp between Ukraine and Russia, even if that off Ramp is not achievable, given current circumstances. So, so again, I'm looking at the Democratic party. Every time you look at the Republican party, you say, wow, there's a lot of disarray. But then you look at the Democratic party and you go, this, this place is just a disaster area.


It's like that dog dog drinking tea while the room is on fire. A meme for the Democratic leadership, Right? Have you seen David Brooks op-ed for the New York Times? I I, I looked at it, I read as much as I could, I could stomach, but he had a interesting line. He said, look, the, the the way you save the Democratic party is an entire worldview shift. This is his, this is his solution that he presents. It's an entire worldview shifting leader. They actually have to abandon their worldview. Is the, is the way I interpret what he wrote. And I do think it is a problem, and it is a major problem, as you pointed out so well over and over again. I mean, Trump is, Trump is a real world.


He lives in the real world. He, he governs from real consequences. So he sees immediately if he, he has consequences for his actions that he does not like. He pivots who doesn't agree with this, who doesn't agree with common sense, pr, practical legislation, executive orders, all these things. Who doesn't agree with that? We just came out of a, a presidency that was completely run by ideologues that put their head in the sand and did not look at the results of any of their policies for four years. And we, even though within, within months, it was unbelievable. I remember back in 2021 absolutely floored by the flood of immigrants instantly under Biden.


Instantly they, it's not like it took years to figure out, oh man, maybe we made a mistake. It was instant and they dug in and never changed. And now you've got a guy that pivots. Now you could say, look, he's oscillating. He's, he's backtracking. Or maybe he's, he's responding in real time to real challenges. And that's, I think that's the majority of people want that. That's John Bickley, executive editor, co-host of Morning Wear. Again, available on video wherever you get your podcast, including on YouTube. John, appreciate the time. Thanks Ben. Well, what does all of this mean in terms of practical fallout? Again, it appears that the Republicans are going to pass the big beautiful bill, president Trump himself yesterday was making the case for passing the bill without delay.


Here he was. So I want to thank you for your support. And now let's get the bill passed. We want to get it passed through Congress without delay. And again, in the debate between President Trump and Elon MUSK in Congress, the congressional Republicans are of course backing President Trump because he's the political leader. Elon MUSK may provide money and funding for congressional races down ballot. But the reality is that most of these congressional Republicans recognize that if they were to buck the President, that would be significantly more of a political problem for them. As the Wall Street Journal reports in the battle between the Republican titans, most GOP lawmakers sided with Trump. Representative Tim Burch of Tennessee said MUSK is going off the deep end with his call for Trump's impeachment and suggested MUSK is losing his sway with the MAGA crowd.


Many Republicans have defended the GOP mega bill. He hasn't moved to vote said, house majority leader Steve Scalise of Elon MUSK. And that, of course, is not a gigantic shock. Many Republicans are coming out the woodwork to defend President Trump from the MUSK accusation that he's in the Epstein files. And all the rest, representative Kevin Hearn of Oklahoma told Axios quote, we're getting people calling our offices 100% in support of President Trump. Every tweet that goes out, people are more unlocked, step behind President Trump and MUSK is losing favor. So this is not a shock. The Republicans know quite well that the big beautiful bill is maybe the only thing that stands between the country and a serious recession, because the reality is that the tariff war that President Trump has declared is actually not particularly wonderful for the economy.


The prices are starting to rise. We have not seen the full impact of the price increases yet. But again, uncertainty means that people are holding out their money. It means investors are waiting on the sidelines, they don't know where to put their money. As the Washington Post reports months of trade policy, whiplash and ensuing rounds of legal challenges have created uncertainty at every stage of the supply chain. According to interviews with half a dozen business leaders, it's draining resources and creating logistical headaches for wholesalers, distributors, and retailers during the most critical business period. June is the busiest month of time of the year for freight, partly because companies are moving much of their inventory for back to school and holiday shopping. So businesses are freaking out a little bit. If there were to be a, a failure of the big beautiful, if tax rates were to rise in the middle of all of this, it would be a full scale disaster area.


And, and again, part of the problem here is that the trade perspective of the Trump administration remains utterly incoherent. You have some members of the administration like Scott Bessant, the Treasury Secretary, who President Trump should listen to, who's making the case that in trade negotiations, what matters is that both sides go weapons down. The goal is to actually get to zero reciprocal tariffs. And then you have people like Howard Lutnick, the Commerce Secretary, who is hot on the idea that tariffs themselves are a wondrous, wondrous thing. And apparently this is breaking out into the open in the middle of meetings with other countries. Apparently there was a negotiation happening in Japan, and members of the Trump team started arguing with each other in front of the Japanese about the goal of the trade negotiations, quote, the president of three top US negotiators with differing stances on trade.


This is according to nik.com, is adding a layer of complexity to tariff talks with Japan. Open disagreements, competition, confusion among Treasury Secretary Scott Besant, commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick, and US Trade Representative Jamie Greer, have made it hard for the Japanese side to judge the Trump administration's intentions. According to sources close to the negotiations, one source said quote, at one point, the three cabinet officials put the talks with Japanese side on hold and began debating right in front of them. While that's not great, Bob, the responsibilities of Bessant, Letnick and Greer overlap each other complicating the tariff talks. Besson is also responsible for negotiating with China, South Korea, and other countries making scheduling a meeting with him difficult. In addition to lack of unity between Besson, Lutnick and Greer, Tokyo is also concerned about insufficient coordination between cabinet officials and working level staff.


So again, I, is that going to be great for the economy? It, it certainly could be a major problem for the economy, especially given the fact that US job growth continues to slow. The United States added, according to the Wall Street Journal, 139,000 jobs in May. That is above a gain of 125,000 jobs expected. But at the same time, there was a major revision down in terms of the jobs in the last couple of months. So it all balances out to an economy that seems to be at the very least, slowing fairly significantly. Now, does that mean that the economy is in serious trouble? Again, it doesn't mean the economy's in serious trouble, it just means that nobody knows what the hell is going on. That is the rule of the day on Wall Street. No one knows where this is going.


No one knows what the hell is going on. That is why the, the, the most, the most positive thing Congress could do is pass the big beautiful bill to at least allow a degree of certainty in the tax regime if we can't get any level of certainty in the trade regime. And meanwhile, president Trump is indicating openness to scaling back salt relief in the GOP tax bill in the Senate. He's suggesting the Senate Republicans, he is open to a lower limit on tax deductions for state and local taxes than the version included in the house passed version. Now remember, the way this works is that the house passes a bill, the Senate passes its own version of the bill, and then the two sides negotiate over a combined bill that can pass both houses. So everything that President Trump takes with one hand, he has to give with the other, it's a very difficult negotiation pretending otherwise is, is foolhardy.


With that said, so I think the big beautiful bill ends up over the finish line. I would be shocked if it doesn't. Well, meanwhile, in very positive news, the Supreme Court has now ruled in favor of the idea that you don't actually have to be a member of minority in order to be discriminated against, which of course is obviously true. I mean, the fact of the matter is that you can certainly be a white straight male and be discriminated against, or in this particular case, a white straight female. According to the New York Times, the Supreme Court on Thursday unanimously ruled unanimously, and our right wing decision is unanimous. It includes far leftists like Sonia Soor and Keji Brown Jackson. He unanimously ruled in favor of a straight woman who twice lost position to gay workers saying an appeals court had been wrong to require her to meet a heightened burden in seeking to prove workplace discrimination because she was a member of a majority group.


That decision came two years after the Supreme Court struck down affirmative action in higher education and amid the Trump administration's fierce efforts to root out programs that quote unquote promotes its diversity, of course, that's the New York Times coverage as you as you could expect. Now, Kanji Brown Jackson actually wrote for the court, and so again, this is not a right wing decision, despite the best attempts of the New York Times to turn it into one, the standard for proving workplace discrimination under the law said Kaji Brown Jackson, quote does not vary based on whether or not the plaintiff is a member of a majority group. The case was originally brought by a person named Marlene Ames, who had worked for the Ohio Department of Youth Services, which oversees part of the state's juvenile corrections system. After a decade there in 2014, she became administrator of a program addressing prison rape.


And five years later, she applied for a promotion. Her supervisors turned her down. They eventually gave the position to a gay woman who'd been in the department for a shorter time and lacked a college degree. Unlike the plaintiff, not long after that, the supervisors removed her from her existing job, telling her they had concerns about her leadership and offering her a demotion that came with a substantial pay cut. She was then replaced by a gay man with less seniority. So she claimed that she basically was discriminated against because she was straight. Now, put aside the underlying facts of the case. The question here for the Supreme Court was whether she had to, like the SI Circuit Court of Appeals suggested whether she had to prove that she was a member of minority or face a sort of heightened standard because she's not a member of Minority Group.


The US Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit said that she would've had to show that decisions about her employment were made by quote, a member of the relevant minority group here, gay people or with statistical evidence in the trial court. She said the two supervisors took negative employment actions against her restraint on appeals. She said a gay supervisor had also played a role. Now, again, the the underlying facts of the case are less relevant than the actual ruling, which says that yes, of course you can be discriminated against if you're a white straight person. For example, if you're a member of a majority group, you can be discriminated against that. That is, that is not a shock in any way, shape or form, and good for the Supreme Court for ruling correctly on all of that. Meanwhile, over at the White House, it's pride month, but this White House is celebrating Pride Month a little bit differently.


Joining us on the line to discuss Mary Margaret Olohan, our White House DailyWire correspondent Mary Margaret, thanks so much for joining the show. Really appreciate it. Thanks, Ben. So great to see you again. So let's talk about Pride Month in Washington DC It's different than prior pride months. Of course, June is the month when we're all supposed to celebrate the sin of Pride and also everything that comes along with it. But that's not happening at the White House in quite the same way. No, it's not. In fact, it is June here in Washington DC where you'll typically see some very serious pride month celebrations. But like you were saying, Ben, it's a little bit different this year. In past years under the Biden administration, we saw a big pride month celebration on the White House law, and there were lots of pro transgender activists and people who identified as transgender themselves, who got in some hot water for taking topless photos and videos that ended up getting them banned from the White House lawns.


But this year, Caroline Levitt said during a press briefing earlier this week that there will be no proclamation of any kind, whether it's about Pride Month or some other kind of celebration during June. And we broke an exclusive earlier this week where the Department of Education told us that instead of celebrating Pride Month, they're celebrating Title IX month. So they're gonna be attempting to celebrate and promote the victories of the Trump administration so far as it pertains to protecting women's sports and spaces. And as part of that effort, they're launching two big investigations into Colorado and Wyoming. And these investigations pertain to males in women's spaces.


So the first one, Ben, is Colorado, where I actually reported a couple years ago that there was a family who was shocked and horrified to find that their little daughter who was 11 got assigned to share a bed with a boy who identifies as a girl on an overnight school trip without being told. So the only reason this little girl didn't end up spending the night in the same bed as this trans identifying male was because she was, you know, a very resilient young lady and got outta bed and called her mom and said, I don't think this is right. The other case that the Department of Education is investigating deals with the University of Wyoming, where a man who identifies as a woman entered a sorority, lived in a sorority house, and allegedly was ogling the girls in their towels as they went to and from the showers.


So two big, very high profile cases that the Department of Education is investigating. And there's also a whole bunch of other stuff going on at the agencies. For example, the FBI announced on Monday that they're looking for tips into any doctors or hospitals that are pushing transgender procedures on children or performing these procedures on children. And Ben, we reported yesterday that the FBI has received almost a hundred tips since they posted that call for tips on Monday. And we were told that this is a big priority for the FBI and for Cash Patel, they're very focused on protecting children, whether that's related to the border or it's related to protecting them from irreversible transgender surgeries.


So I could talk about this all day. We're also seeing at the Pentagon, the renaming of a ship that was named after Harvey Milk, who's been accused of grooming boys that ship. We don't know what it will be renamed yet, but we also found that out this week as part of, you know, some of these newsy announcements that are dropping in the first week of June, which I don't think is a coincidence. Now, meanwhile, you are reporting that representative Mary Miller of Illinois has now introduced a resolution in Congress to declare June's Family Month rather than pride month. Why don't you talk about that? Yeah, so I was joking earlier this week. This is what my conservative friends around here would call a very based resolution. If you read the language of the resolution, it talks a lot about traditional family, the importance of the family unit, the importance of celebrating traditional values on how that's gonna ultimately promote society at the end of the day.


So Representative Mary Miller introduced us earlier this week. She had a whole bunch of Republican colleagues sign on. I don't think we saw any Democrats signing onto it. It's not exactly the verbiage that you're hearing from the left these days, but you know, I'm just seeing in my own reporting and from the response that this story got, that there's a lot of people that really like the idea of celebrating the traditional family celebrating traditional virtue during this month rather than, you know, some of the antics and the really loud celebrations that we've seen in the past. But of course then at the same time, you know, you're seeing all this from the right, this is still pride month in DC tomorrow, on Saturday we'll see a huge, massive pride parade. I think most of the streets will be blocked.


We'll see a lot of people coming in from out of town. I'm sure that you will have thoughts on that. And what we see go down. So stay tuned because there's more coming on that front. I'm sure we'll get to see a, a lot of things that are not child friendly in, in, in that parade. So that's, that's very exciting. Mary Margaret, I would be remiss if I did not ask you what the attitude is around the White House, considering the blow up between Elon MUSK and, and President Trump that began yesterday has carried into today. What, what's the general attitude over there? So obviously this is the biggest news of the week, maybe of the last six months, I would say, in the attitude of many of the White House reporters who have been kind of waiting for this sort of thing to happen. You know, Elon and Trump's relationship has often been considered a little bit tenuous in the last, last couple weeks.


And now that things have blown wide open, especially with Elon's Epstein allegations yesterday, what I'm hearing from my White House sources is that they consider this to be a very overly strong reaction to Elon's dissatisfaction with the one big beautiful Bill. What I'm being told is that this is an unfortunate kind of blow up, and they hope that it blows over soon. It's possible there's gonna be a call scheduled with Trump and Elon later today. We're still waiting for more on that front. We're hearing that it may happen, but that Trump is not super excited about it. And you know, there's been so much back and forth between the two of them very public back and forth, that it's not likely to be completely patched up anytime soon. But what I was told by some of my White House sources is that a President Trump actually kicked Epstein out of his Mar-a-Lago club that's been widely reported for many years.


He's also already known to have socially interacted with Epstein, but there's no evidence that he did any wrongdoing associated with the late sex offender who died in a New York City jail. And the FBI has said, told us recently that he committed suicide, so he did kill himself. And we're supposed to see videos proving that fact very soon. So we're all kind of waiting with waited baited breath around here to see how this Elon Trump pans out, hoping that this call has some news in it. I'm in the White House press pool today, so if there's any open oval events, I will be in them. So hopefully I'll be able to ask the President about that. And I'm excited to question him about what's going on in the future of this Trump Elon relationship.


Well, that's Mary Margaret Han, our DailyWire White House correspondent Mary Margaret. I know you're busy, so I'll let you get back to it. Really appreciate the time. Thank you, Ben. Meanwhile, among all the hubbub about the right wing and the Republican party and Elon versus Trump and all this, we should mention, as my friend John Bickley mentioned earlier, Democrats are in total disarray and they, they don't know which way is up at this point. James Carville, who I've suggested is sometimes voice of reason inside the Democratic Party rejecting the wokeness. They are off the rails, really truly off the rails. So James Carville was on a show yesterday in which he suggested that Jews were not sufficiently supporting the Democratic Party because basically they love money, which is an unbelievable allegation by James Carville.


The reason that many Jews turned away from the Democratic Party is because the Democratic party is filled with people like a OC and Rashida Lib and Ilhan Omar. It is a party that suggests wrongly that Israel is committing a genocide in Gaza, which is a just, it's a false nonsensical claim. It is a party that has stood by rabid antisemites inside of its own party. And here's James Carville ripping into the Jews. You gotta try to raise money from like really wealthy Jewish fundraisers. And he said, look, James, I, I, I I I Democrat, but I can't be a part of party because of what happened at Columbia. What the fuck did the Democrats have to do with what happened at Columbia, by the way?


Well, I can't do that, but I can be for a party that, that everybody endorses the alternative for Deutsche Land. Read the modern incarnation of national socialism, if you will. And I just find these kind of people. I literally, my instinct is, and they tell me that they look at me right in the eye and I, I said, no, you just want your tax cut. That's ridiculous. I mean ridiculous. And yes, indeed, anti-Semitic, the idea that that Jews are supporting the Republican party above the Democratic Party because they wanted the tax cut be lies.


The fact that many Jews move from Democrat to Republican in this last election cycle. The Republicans have been offering tax cuts as long as I've been alive. I've been a Republican as long as I've been in politics. So I have not shifted at all. But there was a market shift in the Jewish vote, particularly in swing states like Pennsylvania, not because of tax policy, because the Democrats embraced full scale, a bunch of anti-Semitic garbage. Yes. Because of Columbia University, Chuck Schumer calling up the president minutia of Columbia University and telling her to ignore Republicans on the Congressional Committees asking about widespread antisemitism on her campus. Yes. Because your Democratic party has not only looked the other way, but promoted some of the worst Jew haters in your own party.


Party. Yes. Because they've made room for terrorist groups across the map, slow walking aid to Israel in the middle of an existential war. Yeah. Because of that, James Carville really, truly disgusting stuff there from James Carville. Speaking of problems with actual antisemitism in the world, there was an event that David Friedman, the former Trump ambassador to Israel, was supposed to speak at over the course of the next few days. It was supposed to take place apparently in Texas, and American Jihadists forced a shut down of the event. According to a press release from the group involved, one of the largest pro-ISIS Israel gatherings plan for 2025 has been indefinitely postponed after escalating terror threats left to organizers without a viable venue.


Just days before the event, the Israel Summit scheduled to be held June 9th through 11th in the Dallas area, with more than a thousand attendees from across the United States, envy, a livestream has become the latest casualty of growing hostility toward public support for Israel in the United States. Organizers were forced to relocate the event once already after the original Dallas venue was no longer feasible due to heightened threat levels and an overwhelming security burden estimated in the hundreds of thousands of dollars. And then a second venue was also threatened by pro kamas jihadist groups. We, we should probably stop importing those sorts of folks into the United States. That is the point that President Trump has quite correctly made. Now, meanwhile, president Trump hosted Frederick Mers, who is the new chancellor of Germany at the White House yesterday, today, of course, marks D-Day, one of the signal moments in world history and in American history where America finalized the process of saving the world from the Nazi scourge.


President Trump had a, a bit, bit of a strange moment with Frederick Murs talking about D-Day. It was, it was a little odd. Here was the President, And may I remind you that we are having June 6th tomorrow, this is D-Day anniversary, when the Americans once ended a war in Europe. And I think this is in your hand, in specific in ours. That was not a pleasant day for you. No, that was not, not a pleasant, This is not a great day. Well, in the long run, Mr. President, this was the liberation of my country from n Nazi dictatorship. That's true. That's true.


Not a pleasant day for you. I mean, I, I, Frederick Merc isn't like a Nazi like that. That's a little, little awkward. By the way, I should mention here, James Carville calls out alternative for Deutschland a FD in Germany and says they're a neo-Nazi party. That's not true. Okay. It's not true. I know Alice Fidel, she's leader of the A FD. It is not a true statement, but yeah, again, people don't know either their history or their current politics too often. Meanwhile, during the same presser with Frederick Mer, president Trump commented on Ukraine. And again, his comments on Ukraine are a bit strange at this point. As I've said before, Vladimir Zelensky is ready to what President Trump wants. Vladimir Putin is not this bizarre sort of moral equivalence between the two sides is not factually based in my belief.


Here's President Trump correctly saying he's not friends with Russia yesterday. I wish we could do the same thing with Ukraine and Russia, and at some point it'll happen. I believe that. And if it doesn't happen, or if I see somebody's out of line, if Russia's outta line, we'll be, you'll be amazed how tough. Remember this. They like to say that I'm friends with, I'm not friends with anybody. Okay. So again, he's right about that. With that said, obviously you know, president Trump ha has taken a bit of an in-between position with regard to Russia and Ukraine that I think is unjustified by the current circumstances.


Here is President Trump, for example, comparing the fight between Russia and Ukraine to a hockey fight between kids. Okay, let's just be real about this. Ukraine is fighting an existential war against an opponent that wishes to completely ingest it according to its own pol top politicians. It's being said out loud, but I didn't meet three Medford and Vladimir Putin. So not quite the same thing as a hockey fight between kids. But sometimes you see two young children fighting like crazy. They hate each other, and they're fighting in a park and you try and pull 'em apart. They don't want to be pulled. Sometimes you're better off letting them fight for a while and then pulling him apart. And I gave that analogy to Putin yesterday. I said, president, maybe you're gonna have to keep fighting and suffering a lot because both sides are suffering before you pull him apart before they're able to be pulled apart.


Okay? So again, saying that he wants to pull 'em apart is one thing. It is another thing to say as President Trump did yesterday, that maybe he will put sanctions on both countries. Why would you put sanctions on the Ukrainians? They literally just signed a rare earth minerals deal with you. They keep coming to the table, they're offering a 30 day ceasefire Right now, if the Ukrainians had the ability to do so, they would freeze the lines of combat in place Right now in exchange for security guarantees from the West. That is the actual off Ramp here. Vladimir Putin doesn't want that off Ramp. Why would we possibly sanction Ukraine? Please like explain When I see the moment when we're not gonna make a deal, when this thing won't stop, is there a in that moment? Yeah, it's in my, my brain.


The deadline. We not, when I see the moment where it's not gonna stop, and I'm sure you're gonna do the same thing, will be very, very, very tough. And it could be on both countries to be honest. You know, it takes two to tango. Well, yes, but one of the parties is ready to tango. So again, I I, I remain bemused by the approach that suggests that if you're gonna go hands off that that doesn't help Putin. It clearly does. I mean it just, just on a practical level, it clearly does. Meanwhile, all the talk about how the United States attacks on the Houthis resulted in some sort of success. It didn't result in a success. Okay, let's just be real about this. The only success with regards to the attacks on the Houthis, but the Houthis pledge, they would not attack American shipping.


That was not the original goal of the attacks on the Houthis. The original goal of the attack on the Houthis was to stop them from harassing shipping in the Red Sea. That has not happened. According to the New York Times. The largest commercial shipping companies continue to avoid the Red Sea and Suez Canal, despite a recent ceasefire agreement between the United States and Houthis intended to make the trade lanes safer again. What the Houthis wanted out of that particular agreement was the unfettered ability to continue to fire long range missiles over Saudi territory and into Israel without America getting mad at them. That's really what that was about. And that was really at the behest of Iran and Qatar. The ceasefire, which began May 6th, ended a US campaign that involved over 1100 strikes against the Houthis in Yemen. Now, the reality is I'm not sure that the United States should be directly involved in attacks on the Houthis.


I think that what we really should do is we should unshackle the Saudis to do exactly what they wanna do with the Houthis. That seems to me a better plan. The Saudis were battling with the Houthis somewhat successfully. Actually, up until the point, Joe Biden decided that it was a violation of human rights and decided to allow the Houthis to basically set up their own mini state inside Yemen. Richard, me, editor of Lloyd's List said, if the intention was to restore freedom of navigation, which is what they said it is, then the results speak for themselves. The shipping industry has not gone back. Ship traffic through the Red Sea is down by around three fifths since 2023. Fearing their vessels would be struck. Big shipping companies avoided the Red Sea and the Suez Canal taking a much longer route around the southern tip of Africa to travel between Asia and Europe.


The Houthis have said they're still at war with Israel and will attack vessels bound for Israel. But shipping companies are worried that their vessels may be hit deliberately or mistakenly because the reality is that do they who these have some sort of magical intelligence suggesting which ships are bound for ash as opposed to which ships are bound for ports in Madrid. Meanwhile, Iran is upping its game with regard to its ballistic missile stock. So for a supposedly peaceful country that is desirous of good relations with the rest of the world, they don't seem to be particularly peaceful. China is helping them out. According to the Wall Street Journal, Iran has ordered thousands of tons of ballistic missile ingredients from China. People familiar with the transaction said, seeking to rebuild its military prowess as it discussed the future of its nuclear program with the United States.


Again, the goal for Iran is delay. That is Iran's goal in this entire negotiation with the United States. They have no intention of giving up their nuclear program. All they want is a delay to rebuild their ballistic missile stock to rebuild their air defenses. That is their goal because they think that that will prevent some sort of Israeli strike on the nuclear facilities in Iran. And the longer the negotiations go on, and the longer the Trump administration says to the Israelis, don't do anything well when negotiating, the better it is for Iran. That is the simple calculus of the timeline. Right now, Iran wants to bolster regional allies and rebuild its arsenal while it pushes deeper into contentious talks. With the Trump administration over its nuclear program, Iran continued to expand its stockpiles of uranium enriched to just below weapons grade and rule down negotiation limits on it missile program.


So again, remember, they don't just want develop the missiles in order to put conventional warheads on them. They wanna put nuclear warheads at the end of those missiles, which would create an umbrella across the entire Middle East and actually even into Europe considering the length of the the missiles. The Chinese side continues to fund all of this because China, of course, is a big funder of pretty much all of the United States enemies. This is why President Trump has correctly treated China as a geopolitical opponent. Now, it would be helpful if the national security infrastructure of the United States were not being taken over by Koch Institute allies amazing. When President Trump came into office, he said that the Koch brothers, their foreign policy, the very isolationist foreign policy was not something he wanted associated with the administration.


Obviously, people in his personnel office are not paying any attention. They continue to staff up a bunch of people underneath the secretary level in these various administration positions who are very sympathetic to an isolationist position on foreign policy. According to a publication called Jewish Insider, the Senate will soon consider the nomination of a guy named Justin Obaugh to be Deputy under Secretary of Defense for intelligence and security. He's the latest of several senior Pentagon nominees who come from defense priorities, a Coke backed think tank that is generally argued that the United States should scale back involvement in global conflicts, including in the Middle East. Apparently at the State Department, people being staffed at the State Department are now more along the isolationist lines.


Morgan Ortegas and Ron Hawk, who's been serving as Deputy Middle East special envoy under Steve Whitcoff plans to now depart the office at the National Security Council. Top officials focused on Israel and the Middle East. Were pushed out last month as the National Security Council was restructured. So again, it's strange to me that President Trump continues to apparently have a different agenda than many of the people being staffed under him. President Trump publicly has said all the same things he's been saying for 10 years. He's been saying for 10 years the J-C-P-O-A worst deal in history. Nuclear weapons cannot be held by Iran. Nuclear development cannot be done by Iran, that the United States has to enforce peace through strength. Again, these are consistent positions from President Trump, but many of the people being staffed by whoever is doing the staffing, are being staffed directly from people who effectively oppose much of the foreign policy of Trump 1.0.


And that's something to keep our eyes on already. Folks, the show continues for our members right now, it'll be jumping into the mail bag. Remember, in order to watch, you have to be a member. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapira. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.


High five Casino is the top choice for social casino gaming. That's free to play with chances to win and redeem For real cash prizes, free spend rewards, and tons of exclusive games, you can experience more high five moments than ever before. You're gonna wanna high five everyone, the neighbors, the mailman, all your coworkers. Of course, your friends. Well you get the point. Your high five moment awaits@highfivecasino.com. No purchase necessary void. We prohibited by law must be 21 years or older terms and conditions apply.