
Meta's open source AI models are available to all, not just the few because they're open source, small businesses, students and more can download and build with them at no cost. Learn more about the benefits of ai.meta.com/open


Already. Folks, as you can see, complete chaos has now broken out in the Congress of the United States conflict between Speaker Mike Johnson, president Trump, Elon Musk. So what the hell is going on here? Let me begin with this. Politics is a battle between principle and pragmatism. The things that you want and the things that it is possible to get anybody in my job who tells you that pragmatic considerations are simply a lack of will or a betrayal of principles does not understand politics or is lying to you. There are a lot of people who are doing that today, people who suggest that anytime Congress cuts any sort of deal that is a violation of principle, and if only they'd acted with Nietzsche and willpower, they could have gotten 100% of the things you wanted.


That's a lie. Now, on the other side, anybody who tells you that pragmatism ought to lead to complete abandonment of principle is also lying to you. Anybody who says, listen, I had to give away the store because otherwise you wouldn't have gotten anything, those people are generally lying to you also. So the art of politics, and the difficult thing about politics, elective politics, is finding the balance between what you want, principle and what you can get, pragmatism. And that's what's happening in the house over the course of the last 48 hours. So right now, a continuing resolution is currently being considered. So what exactly is a continuing resolution? Basically, it's stop gap funding. Why? Well, because Congress is unable to pass a real budget with Chuck Schumer as the head of the Senate and with a very, very slim house majority for the Republicans.


And remember Joe Biden is still technically the president. One of the things that I've been enjoying is the entire media suggesting that actually Elon Musk is the president. So they are off by what, two orders of magnitude. So Joe Biden's the actual president, Trump isn't the President yet, and then they say, Trump isn't the president, Elon is the President. Okay? Right now the actual president of the United States is the senile Dodd who Democrats refused to oust as the actual president, despite the fact he doesn't have a working brain. But that dude can still stand in the way of anything Republicans pass in the house and he can beat a legislation. If he doesn't like it, that is still a thing he can do. So what is the actual position right now with regards to the continuing resolution? Well, the Wall Street Journal editorial board suggests correctly in lieu of passing a real budget, the House and Senate have agreed on another continuing resolution or a CR that will extend through March 14th in the new year.


The only virtue here is the government won't shut down if the continuing resolution passes, and it will give the new GOP Congress a chance to use budget rules to pass a reconciliation bill next year with 51 Senate votes, which means Chuck Schumer won't be able to extort more spending if Republicans want at least some of their priorities to pass. But Schumer is going out with a cr bang, and the GOP is once again forced to take it. Some Republicans wanna blame Speaker Johnson for getting too little in exchange, but as long as they refuse to vote for a continuing resolution, then the speaker is gonna have to go to Democrats in order to pass a continuing resolution or you get a government shutdown. And this is how Schumer likes it. The GOP house actually passed nearly half of all of their appropriations bills this year. Susan Collins and Patty Murray passed almost all the Senate bills through the appropriations committee, and then Schumer refused to bring all that to the floor because he likes these giant omnibus crammed down packages.


That's how you end up with these giant omnibus packages. Now, what is actually in this package? Well, yes, a bunch of pork. So they could have passed a clean cr, a clean continuing resolution, which just continues the discretionary spending at prior levels, basically up until Donald Trump takes office. They've gotten us through the next few weeks. That's what they could have done. They didn't do that. Instead, they decided that they were going to load in a bunch of stuff, including about a hundred billion dollars for disaster relief funds, which is overkill. And $10 billion in farm pork. And by the way, this is something that many Republicans wanted was this farm pork bill including Donald Trump, JD Vance. They both wanted that farm bill spending in there.


So we should point out at this point, the conflicting interests between the parties who are involved in this negotiation. Donald Trump's mandate is to do things. He wants to clear the decks before he becomes president of the United States. So he would like a few things he would like, for example, the debt ceiling increased so that way he can actually spend more money and in the way that the government calculates things, tax cuts are spending money, which of course is really silly, but that is how things are done in terms of congressional appropriations and ability to take out additional debt and all the rest. So Trump would love to enter office with all of the spending off the books for him so he doesn't get blamed for it. And also an increase in the debt ceiling. Mike Johnson's mandate is to try to get most of the things that Trump wants, and if that means giving up some concessions, he has to do that.


And he has to do that by negotiating with his own caucus. This idea that Mike Johnson just has the singular ability to pass a bill himself ignores the fact, has an incredibly slim majority in Congress. And I just wanna show you this graphic from 5 38 because it's fairly accurate, okay? It shows the breakdown of the house in terms of the various constituency groups inside Congress. So you have basically three groups of Democrats. You have the progressive Democrats, the core Democrats, and the moderate Democrats, and then you have five different groups of Republicans as 5 38 labels it. And again, this isn't totally inaccurate. Moderate Republicans, there are about 39 of them, right? These would be people in purple districts who tend to vote for bigger spending and who also tend to vote for lax social policy, for example, or might be squishes on the border.


Those are moderate Republicans, and there are 39 of them. And then on the other side, you have what, 5 38 calls far right obstructionists. Now, again, I think that that is a mislabeling, but these are people who, for example, would rather shut down the government than green light discretionary spending. I don't think that's far right obstructionism. I think that's actually quite principled in some cases. But it does make it very difficult to work a coalitional bill through when you have 39 people on one end who are in purple districts, and who basically just wanna get by or, or those seats turn Democrat and you don't have any power. And on the other side, you have people who are like, I'm not gonna vote come hell or high water for anything that increases debt levels in the country. Okay, well, how do you put all of that together? And the answer very often, especially with a very slim majority, is the Mike Johnson.


In order to get the things that Trump wants, has to trade away some of the things that Republicans would like. Again, this is not specific to Mike Johnson. This was true of Kevin McCarthy. This was true of Paul Ryan. One of the most annoying things about the way, again, that people in my position, you know, commentators on politics, people who try to shape public opinion, one of the most annoying things that people in my position very often do is once again, suggesting that the person who is charged with leading a coalition of widely disparate interests can single-handedly ram things through. That is not how the legislature works. It is not how the legislature has literally ever worked. In fact, the only time in my lifetime that you had a leader who was able to do that on the Republican side was new Gingrich. He was able to do it for about two years, and then his own Republican caucus basically ousted him.


By 1998, Gingrich was on the ropes. The Republican revolution happened in 94, and within four years, Gingrich was on the ropes. He, so again, this is typically not how coalitional politics works. So I'm just pointing out all these interests because again, politics is the art of balancing principle and pragmatism. So on the one hand, you have President Trump who wants the things that he wants, so he wants the continuing resolution, he wanted the farm spending, he did. He also wanted the disaster relief spending, right? He does want those things. Now, he is not in office yet, but he has, of course, an enormous amount of sway with the Republican caucus. And then you have Johnson who wants to do the things that Trump wants him to do, but who's actually gonna be the guy who has to negotiate the deal, right? Johnson in, in this sort of iteration, he's more like an agent of the President Donald Trump, than he is like a principled leader who is standing for the thing.


It's not his job. His job is to cobble together the coalition to get 70% of the loaf of bread. So he sort of represents pragmatism in this particular, in this particular mode of thinking. And then you have the person who's representing principle, which would be Elon. So Elon was set up at Doge, right? The Department of Governmental Efficiency, along with Vivek Ram Swami to go through all of these bills and point out where there is pork. Now, here's the thing. Every single bill that Congress ever negotiates is gonna be filled with pork. It's just a question of how much. And so it's very good that Doge is there to point this sort of stuff out. However, what you can easily end up with, and this is actually what happened in this situation, is a bill that had been basically pre-negotiated between Trump, Johnson, Vance, congressional Republicans, few Congressional Democrats, everybody knows what's in it.


Everybody knows there's a bunch of crap in it, because again, get 70% of the loaf means 30% excrement. And again, this is not a defense of the bill. I would not vote for this bill where I am Congress, because I'd probably be labeled one of the far-right obstructionists by 5 38. I would look at this bill. I wouldn't want the farm spending. I don't like farm subsidies. I think they're a waste of money, and I think they make industry significantly less competitive and efficient. I would not vote for a giant disaster relief package, because frankly, I think that much of the disaster relief stuff should be done at the state level. I, for example, don't see, see why California needs to subsidize Florida or Florida subsidized California. You know who agrees with me? Florida Governor Ron DeSantis and our home state here in Florida has been hit with a multiplicity of hurricanes over the last couple of years.


And so I wouldn't vote for this package. I think it's a bad bill, but let's be clear about what happened here. The bill was pre-cleared and pre-negotiated between the White House and Congress, and then Elon, whose job it is to go out and say the principle came along and said the principle and created all sorts of backlash. And that backlash has been directed at Mike Johnson. But that I think, again, is a misdirection of the backlash. This is all a complicated negotiation that happens when you have disparate interests involved, right? So again, a lot of the heat has been brought to Johnson. I'm just telling you, you can. You can yell at Mike Johnson, it's fine. And he's a politician. He's used to taking it. He's the one who took the Speaker of the House position, which is legitimately the worst position in American government.


I'm just gonna tell you right now, the same thing that I've said about Johnson and McCarthy and Paul Ryan and John Bayner going back years and years and years and years, which is anybody who tells you that any of these leaders has the capacity to single-handedly ram through all of the things you want without giving up any of the things you don't want, those people are lying to you. If somebody ever tells you that the real problem in politics is just that no one has principles. No one has principles, that's a bit of a fib.


But you know what else is A fib imported meat in your fridge? It's A Fib because let's be real, it ain't great. The grocery store does it to you every day this year. Good Ranchers is here to make sure you receive the gift of meat to you can trust. During Good Ranchers holiday special, you can subscribe to any box of their 100% American meat and wild caught seafood, and get a free gift of chicken, breast, salmon, bacon, or ground beef for a year plus 25 bucks off with MyCode Shapiro. By shopping Good Ranchers, you're directly supporting local farms and ranches in the United States, and skipping the chaos and imported meat of the grocery store, Good Ranchers delivers high quality 100% American meat straight to your door, so you can celebrate what matters most this holiday season time with the people you love. Treat Yourself this season. You should also check out their new gifting page, because what's the one gift nobody has ever turned down a high quality steak? Of course, this year, give something that's a cut above the rest with Good Ranchers dot com. From burgers and ribeyes to surf and turf, and even a box full of tender filets, Good Ranchers has a gift box for everyone on your list. It's delivered right to their door. No hassle, no stress and satisfaction guaranteed. Good Ranchers makes gifting effortless and unforgettable. Remember, visit Good Ranchers dot com. Use my code Shapiro to claim your free gift in every box in 25 bucks off Good. Ranchers can't save you from calling your stocking, but they are here to save your plate from imported meat. If foodie can trust this holiday season matters to you, put the car keys down. Don't go to the grocery store. Go to Good Ranchers dot com. Use Code Shapiro today for meat. You can trust free cut of your choice for a year and 25 bucks off Good Ranchers dot com, American Meat delivered


also, let's talk about the holidays, the heart of family traditions. You know, the precious moments of being together, whether you're decorating the tree, lighting a menorah, just sharing a meal, these traditions matter.


Have you thought about what happens to your family's traditions when you die? I know it got rough there for a second, but that's exactly why you need to protect your family's future and peace of mind. With PolicyGenius. With PolicyGenius, you can find life insurance policies starting at just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars in coverage. Some options are a hundred percent online and let you avoid unnecessary medical exams. PolicyGenius makes finding and buying life insurance simple. They give your loved ones a financial safety net they can use to cover debts and routine expenses, or even invest that money to earn interest. Over time, their digital tools let you compare quotes from America's top insurers side by side for free, no hidden fees. Their licensed support team is there to help you get exactly what you need. They answer questions, handle paperwork, advocate for you throughout the entire process, even if you already have life insurance through work. It might not protect all your family's needs, and it probably won't follow you if you leave your job. Join thousands of happy PolicyGenius customers who left five star reviews on Google and Trustpilot, secure your family tomorrow so you can have peace of mind today. Head over to policygenius.com/shapiro, get your free life insurance quotes, see how much you could save. That's policygenius.com/shapiro.


So here's how this actually went down. So yesterday Mike Johnson was on newsmax and he was explaining, listen, this bill came about because they're struggling. Americans who need disaster relief. This would be particularly Hurricane Helene in North Carolina. There are also farmers who require subsidies. Again, these are things that the Trump administration, the Trump team would like to see. Hey, here he was explaining This was the conservative play call. We don't normally like what's called a continued resolution a cr, but in this case it makes sense because if we push it into the first quarter of next year, then we have a Republican controlled Congress and President Donald J. Trump back in the White House, we'll be able to have more say over the funding decisions for 2025.


Now, that would've been an easier thing to do, but then we had circumstances outside of our control. We had these emergencies that are required. So we had, as you know, a record hurricane season. We had Helene and Milton, and they just did massive destruction across our red states, frankly, in the southeast and the, and the eastern side of the country. And then we've had farmers who are in jeopardy of permanently going under, they've had three loss years in a row because of omics and inflation and other circumstances outside of their control. And so when you cobble those two things together, there's a desperate need for that aid. And that's what adds another a hundred plus billion dollars to the bill. And that's why everybody's uncomfortable with it. I am too. We have a massive deficit and deficit and, and debt problem of course in this country.


We can begin to address that and shrink the size and scope of government in January with Republican control. But we've gotta bridge the gap to get there. And we cannot leave our small farms and ranchers and our, and our people who are devastated by their hurricanes out in the meantime. So that's the difficult part about this. That's what people are, are, are really struggling with. And, and I am too. But we have responsibility here. And, and that's legislative. Now again, 'cause there are a lot of people like me in the Congress who wouldn't vote for this bill. That means the Johnson then had to go to Democrats and negotiate something to get the things that Trump and Johnson and Vance Hall wanted. And a lot of those things are absolute crap, right? They are bad. Make no mistake about it. And for Ami, whose job it is along with Elon Musk to go through these kinds of things and point out the bad things, they pointed out the bad things today.


And there are in fact a lot of bad things. So as Vivek points out, keeping the government open until March 14th will cost $380 billion by itself. But the true cost of this omnibus is far greater due to new spending renewing the farm bill for an extra year, $130 billion. Okay? Now again, that's something that I oppose. I'm not sure that Donald Trump, JD Vance and Mike Johnson opposed that because they would like the farmers to get the subsidies disaster relief. A hundred billion dollars stimulus for farmers, $10 billion. And again, I disagree with an enormous amount of the spending. I'm not sure that's true of, for example, president Trump. The legislation will end up hurting many of the people that purports to help debt fields spending sprees may feel good today, but it's like shower and cocaine on an act. It's not compassion, it's cruelty.


Farmers will see more land sold to foreign buyers when taxes inevitably rise to meet our obligations. Our children will be saddled with crippling debt. Interest payments will be the largest item in our national budget. These all, these are all points that Vivek is making. And then he suggested that people call their congressmen and tell them to reject the bill. Here was Vive yesterday. Again, Vivek and Elon are the ones who are running Doge. Congress is about to pass a bill that blows away your taxpayer money. But they made it over 1500 pages long so you wouldn't read it. I did you a favor, I read it for you. It's supposed to be about keeping government operations open and providing disaster relief aid to hurricane victims, which I'm sympathetic to. But if you read the bill carefully, it contains pay raises for members of Congress. And I'm not making this up, an expansion of their federal health benefits.


It contains all kinds of special interests and pork funding, including opening up a new stadium in Washington dc It renews the Global Engagement Center, which is a key no of the censorship industrial complex. And the worst part is they didn't want you to know about any of it. And that's why they made this a last minute jam job. The reason I'm co-head Doge is I think we need outsiders to bring actual accountability to Washington DC So feel free to call your congressman and let 'em know how you feel about it. So Again, there's a bunch of stuff in the bill that is pretty terrible, including, for example, a short term funding bill that includes more funding for the so-called Global Engagement Center, which is an organization, it's part of the state department that we at The Daily Wire are suing, right? We don't want that organization to be in existence.


It is a terrible organization. It basically works with groups like for example, news Guard in order to target quote unquote disinformation and suppress American speech, right? So I would very much like for that agency to disappear. This bill, for example, keeps the agency alive and there's a bunch of stuff in the bill that is just like that. A bunch of actual nonsense in the bill. That is true. And Viva's doing his job and Elon is doing his job. So Elon Musk then signed into chat and Elon really started ramming through all sorts of objections to the bill, which again, in his job as head of Doge, that's his job to do, is to look at the bills and say, here's all the poor, here's all the problems with the bill. Some of the things he was saying were true and absolutely necessary.


Some of the things he was retreating were were sort of not true. So again, all sorts of bad stuff in there. Potentially up to $2 billion in funding to rebuild the Francis Scott Key Bridge. $69,000 pay bump for lawmakers was suggested. But that actually, that's not actually real. Okay? The thing that that is actually happening in terms of the pay bump for lawmakers, just to be perfectly accurate as to what exactly is happening, the pay raise that is happening is a, is a part of the cost of living adjustment freeze that is now being unfrozen. So members of Congress have not had a raise to their $174,000 salary since 2009. The pending CR does not include a cofree that would not result in a 40% boost in pay. That would result in a potential 3.8% increase in pay, thanks to cost of living adjustment from 2009.


In terms of inflation, it's an increase of about 6,600 bucks, not an increase of $69,000, as was implied by many of the people who were sort of putting out this information. There was also some bad information put out suggesting that $3 billion in federal money would be put forward for a new NFL stadium in Washington. That's not true. The bill just con transfers control of the site from the federal government to the DC local government for redevelopment, right? So some of the stuff that was put out was not true, but a lot of it was, I mean, there's a lot of bad nonsense that is in this particular bill. And again, it is the job of Doge to go through all of those things. However, this does create a rather large conflict because once again, it is not as though Mike Johnson went, went about this deal by himself. He was working with President Trump and J JD Vance the whole time.


Hey, here was Johnson pointing this out. He says, I was on the phone the entire time with Trump and with Elon, I was in constant contact with President Trump and his team, the chief staff and all the domestic policy advisors. They know exactly what we're doing and why. And I, I was on a text chain last night with Elon and Vivek about Doge, 'cause I'm super excited about that. And I said, guys, these are the necessary things. They don't like spending either. They said, we, we know this is not you personally, Mr. Speaker, and, and we gotta get through this. So look, everybody understands the necessity. It is not palatable. This is the sausage we're making part of legislation that nobody likes, but we're governing and, and we'll, we'll pick it up in January and start a brand new day for America.


Okay? Again, that is the pragmatic side of the equation that we are talking about. And it's not as though Trump was not involved. It's not as though Johnson was sort of negotiating this thing on his own without any reference back to what Trump would want. That would be a very stupid move by Johnson. Frankly. If you were to start go freelancing, making bills on his own, how's that gonna go? I mean, really, and Johnson is not a stupid man. You may not like Mike Johnson. He's not stupid. Okay? But here's Johnson saying, listen, this is the least of all the bad options. Now, again, maybe that's, maybe that's not true. Maybe he could get a better deal. But that's a question of incremental better deal. Okay? The reality is, if you want all the things that you wanna get in politics, you're gonna have to give up a bunch of stuff that you don't particularly like. And then it's just a question of that balance.


We try to navigate this as as, as best as possible and, and chosen the least of the bad options in front of us. No one wants to spend $110 billion, but when you have emergencies that are actually, you know, as, as they're legally called acts of God, these are not manmade disasters. They're outside of our control. And there's a certain principle that the federal government has some role to play. So we don't like that. We don't like spending money. But in a case like this, you know, to be frank, it would be the red states that are left out. It would be the rural areas, you know? Yeah. Democrats don't have a big priority on the agriculture community 'cause they don't have that in their districts. These are, these are Republican states and Republican districts and, and we would be derelict in our duty if we didn't take care of 'em. So that's the part of this, that that is uncomfortable for people.


We don't like spending money, but we have to do it responsibly. Okay? So Elon of course, then saw the bill and he had been apprised of the fact that a compromise had to be made, but he didn't like the actual compromise that was made. So he started rage tweeting about this yesterday. And again, I agree with a huge number of his criticisms. He called the bill criminal an insane crime against the American people in outrage, terrible and madness. I should point out at this point that for all the talk about the overspending in this particular cr, literally yesterday, the same day that this happened, the Senate passed a bill that's gonna cost way more money than anything that we are talking about right now. A social security bill passed the Senate that effectively pays more to public sector employees for social security that they wouldn't have got.


Anyway. The bill is quite properly opposed by Senator Rand Paul, who points out that these social security reforms are gonna cost $200 billion. And nobody's noting that. And this part of the problem with sort of the eye of Sal Ron approach to federal debt and federal spending I is that you kinda sporadically get interested in the thing that's on the table, but in the meantime, something is happening in the back room. That is, that is really, really much worse. Okay? The reality is the systemic drivers of debt in the United States of America are Medicare, Medicaid, social security, and all the discretionary welfare programs attached to them. And those are precisely the things that the Trump administration is very unlikely to tackle. So some of this is just arguing over incremental differences in the national debt without touching the actual substructure that drives the national debt.


Again, that's not to say we shouldn't talk about discretionary spending, we absolutely should. It's just worth pointing out that there's sort of whack-a-mole approach being taken to the national debt and all this.


Now folks, if it feels like the government spends with one hand and then stops the spending with the other, that's because there's a lot of dishonesty constantly happening. That's also true with your rent. Ever feel like you're stuck in this loop of rent payments, just watching your money vanish into thin air, you know, like you are as a taxpayer. I know we've all been there writing those big checks every month, wondering if there's a better way. Well, there is. It's time to turn that rent game around and start earning some serious rewards. That's where Built Rewards comes in. Built is Breaking Ground as a neighborhood rewards program that hooks you up with points on your rent every month. Pay your rent, watch the built points, roll in, use points to jet off on a dream vacation. Put your points toward a flight or a hotel. Stay with 500 plus airlines and 700,000 plus hotels and properties. You can also use your points to book fitness studio classes. Redeem them toward a future rent payment. They're designed to meet your lifestyle, pay, rent, hassle free through the Built Rewards app. You'll Rent Game. Just got a big upgrade. Built points have been consistently ranked the highest value point currency by the points guy and bank rate earn points by paying rent. Right now when you go to join built.com/ben, that's J-O-I-N-B-I-L t.com/ben, make sure to use our URL so they know we sent you join built.com/ben to start earning points with your rent payments today. Again, that's join built.com/ben, that's J-O-I-N-B-I-L t.com/ben.


Also, this election season, I visited six different states between campaign stops, media hits on other podcasts, our very own election coverage in Nashville. I was on the go all the time. Somewhere between all that travel I needed to maintain my health, hit the gym, and spend time with my family. When I was younger, I used to think I could just power through on pure conservative willpower and caffeine, but I have now learned that peak performance requires peak nutrition and that means getting veggies. But I hate veggies. They're bad. That's why I'm thankful to have balance of Nature, which would right into even the busiest of days. Imagine trying to eat 31 different fruits and veggies every day. Sounds miserable and time consuming. Well, with balance of Nature of fruits and veggies, there's never been a more convenient dietary supplement to ensure you get a wide variety of fruits and veggies. Daily balance of Nature takes fruits and veggies. They freeze dry them, they turn 'em into a powder, then they put them into a capsule. You take your fruit and veggie capsules every day, your body knows what to do with them. It's kosher, which means I pop it right into the protein smoothie and I am good to go. That's why that gun show is looking amazing. Go to balance of Nature dot com. Use promo code Shapiro for 35% off your first order as a preferred customer. Plus get a free bottle of fiber and spice. That's balance of Nature dot com. Promo code Shapiro.


Okay, so Elon goes off on this. Elon suggests he's going to fund a primary for anyone who votes in favor of this bill. Okay? And as soon as that happens, Trump and Vans, president Trump and Vice President Vans, who again were part of the negotiation, it's not as though they were absent from all of this talk. They signed into the chat and they started to saw off the limb behind Speaker Johnson. So they put out a statement that said, quote, the most foolish and inept thing ever done by congressional Republicans was allowing our country to hit the debt ceiling in 2025. It was a mistake and is now something that must be addressed. Meanwhile, Congress is considering a spending bill that would give sweetheart provisions for government censors and for Liz Cheney. The bill would make it easier to hide the records of the corrupt January 6th committee, which accomplished nothing for the American people and his security failures that happened that day.


This bill would also give Congress a pay increase. While many Americans are struggling this Christmas, increasing the debt ceiling is not great, but we'd rather do it on Biden's watch if Democrats won't cooperate on the debt ceiling. Now, what makes anyone think they would do it in June during our administration? Let's have this debate now and we should pass a streamlined spending bill that doesn't give Chuck Schumer and Democrats everything they want. Republicans want to support our farmers pay for disaster relief and set our country up for success in 2025. The only way to do that is with a temporary funding bill without Democrat giveaways combined with an increase in the debt ceiling. Anything else is a betrayal of our country. Republicans must get smart and tough if Democrats threaten to shut down the government unless we give them everything they want, call their bluff. It is Schumer and Biden who are holding up aid to our farmers in disaster relief. This chaos would not be happening if we had a real president, we will in 32 days.


That is a statement that is pointed out jointly by President Trump and Vice President Vans. And so the options that are basically left on the table are these one, what they probably should have done in the first place, a clean continuing resolution without the farm built, without the disaster aid. Just put that forward, get through the, the first few weeks of the new year Trump's president. You have a Republican Congress, You have a Republican Senate, and now you can actually have an honest conversation about how Republicans should vote. Remember right now, Chuck Schumer is still in charge of the Senate and Joe Biden is still the president of the United States. But again, it turns out that Trump, Vance and Johnson don't actually want a clean continuing resolution. So President Trump put out a statement yesterday, quote, if Republicans tried to pass a clean continuing resolution without all of the Democrat bells and whistles, that will be so destructive to the country.


All it will do after January 20th is bring the mess of the debt limit into the Trump administration rather than allowing it to take place in the Biden administration. Any Republican that would be so stupid as to do this should and will be primaried. Everything should be done and fully negotiated prior to my taking office on January 20th, 2025. So now Trump and Vance are adding a new wrinkle. They don't just wanna pass the clean cr, they also want to pass an increase in the debt ceiling. Okay? The debt ceiling is what allows the government gives permission to the executive branch to go and take out more debt. We have this debate every year, every six months in the Congress, the increase in the debt ceiling, and usually that is used as a lever. So get the government to spend less money by Republicans. President Trump put out a statement saying quote, sounds like the ridiculous and extraordinarily expensive.


Continuing resolution plus is dying fast. But can anyone imagine it passing without either terminating or extending the debt ceiling guillotine coming up in June unless the Democrats terminate or substantially extend debt ceiling. Now I will fight till the end. This is a nasty trap set in place by the radical left Democrats. They're looking to embarrass us in June when it comes up for a vote. The people that extended it from September 28th to June 1st should be ashamed of themselves. It was political malpractice. Also the Communist global engagement center, a project of crooked Hillary Clinton should not in any way, shape or form be extended. And the shielding of the very corrupt J six Unselect committee of political losers and thugs would be suicidal for a new Republican approving it. Likewise, this is not a good time for Congress to be asking for pay increases. Hopefully you'll be entitled to such an increase in the near future when we make America great again.


Okay, so what exactly does all that mean? It means that now there are no longer at asking just for a clean cr, which again would've been the best plan, just get for a few more weeks of spending. That's it. Get Trump in office, get the Republicans in office, and then negotiate all this stuff out. President Trump would love for the debt ceiling to go away. So when he comes into office, Republicans can pass the new tax bill, for example, or pass a border bill without having to worry about the debt ceiling. So the question is this, how, again, this is where the principle and the pragmatism meet how? How do you get all those things? So the only way you're gonna get all those things is by wait for it giving concessions to Democrats because Republicans do not run the Senate because Republicans probably don't have enough votes in the house to get something like that across the finish line.


There are a lot of Republicans who don't want to increase the debt ceiling and sort of sign a blank check. Why exactly would Democrats vote to increase the debt ceiling to help Republicans in the future? That doesn't make any sense. They're not gonna do that. This idea that Democrats are desperate to increase the debt ceiling on behalf of Trump and the Republicans taking office, that is not how politics works. And Democrats are already pointing this out. So for example, Chris Murphy, the ex Grable senator from Connecticut, Democrat, he put out a statement quote, remember what this is all about? Trump wants Democrats to agree to raise the debt ceiling so he can pass his massive corporate and billionaire tax cut without a problem. Shorter version tax cut for billionaires or the government shuts down for Christmas. So Democrats are now opposing a clean continuing resolution house.


Minority leader, Hakeem Jeffries suggested Wednesday Democrats will oppose any federal spending bill that strays from the deal that was announced the day before because they understand that they sort of have Republicans boxed in politically speaking. What they believe is that if the government shuts down, Republicans will be blamed. Why? Because Republicans were perfectly willing to back the bipartisan deal until Elon Musk pointed out the flaws in the deal, and then Donald Trump and JD Vance didn't like the public blowback on on the deal and decided to walk back the deal. And so Democrats like, why would we help you out? What exactly would be the purpose? So if there is a government shutdown who will be blamed is sort of the question. I think that on the right side of the aisle, there's a generalized perception that the left will be blamed. That if Republicans, for example, pass a continuing resolution and still somehow are able to pass an increase in the debt ceiling and then Democrats refuse all those things, Democrats will be blamed for the continuing resolutions.


Failure Democrats will be blamed for the ensuing partial government shutdown. Again, government shutdown in the end of the world. We've done it before, it's not that big a deal. When I say it's not that big deal, it is for the people who are furloughed, but typically they don't last all of that long. And also all of these sort of essential services, meaning social security checks for example, those continue to go out on time. So what would the actual political result of this be? Well, it would be a battle that President Trump would have to inherit immediately on taking office the next month because it's still a month until he's president. The next month would be taken up with conversation in the media about why is the government shut down? Why didn't Donald Trump just let the Republicans pass the continuing resolution? Why are government workers not getting paid for Christmas and all the rest?


And maybe that makes no difference. Maybe it turns out that Trump comes into office, passes some funding and everything is hunky dory. Okay, great. But that is the risk. And so understanding that risk is again, a question of pragmatism versus actual principle. What does that risk look like? But if President Trump is counting on Democrats to vote for an increase in the debt ceiling and Joe Biden to sign that in order to help him in his first year, I don't think that's going to happen. So how far are Republicans going to take it? And then really how far is Trump going to take it and own it? Right? How far will President Trump and JD Vance and Elon Musk take it and say, yes, we're the ones who said no to this bill because we thought that the extra pork was not worth to squeeze, right?


That that's, that's always how these government shutdown battles go. They rarely result in exactly what Republicans would like them to result in. And the question of who receives the blame, maybe it doesn't matter to Republicans, but in a very closely divided Congress where You have a bunch of members who are fighting for their seats, remember, Republicans are almost certainly going to lose seats in the Congress in 2026, which means they lose the majority in 2026. So there are a lot of Republican Congress people who are fighting for their seats who might not go along with any of this because frankly they don't wanna be outta their jobs. These are the complex dynamics of the politics. Again, Democrats I, I don't think are going to save Republicans from this one Democrat, Jasmine Crockett, who's quite a terrible congresswoman. She's reveling in the Republican dysfunction.


What is happening in the House of Representatives like this was supposed to be just, you know, a pro forma exercise. They're gonna pass the CR and it is turned into and usher debacle with people openly calling for Speaker Johnson to be thrown out of of the speaker's office. H how are Democrats looking at this? Listen, we're looking at this like this is their problem. We have seen this play out over and over in the entire two years that I've been in Congress. We know that they had a problem picking a speaker when I first got to Congress, and I thought since they held onto the speaker a little bit longer than they held onto McCarthy, that I could go into January knowing that Mike Johnson would be the speaker.


But now they're calling for his ouster. And remember, this is not like one of the most senior members, right? So basically he had not burned enough bridges and so they had to go way, way down in seniority to find someone that they could come to a consensus on. We have seen this over and over and I'm just gonna sit back and sip my tea and wait on them to figure it out. Or maybe sip something stronger. I'm just saying it. I Mean, this is why you see Democrats are very, very happy about all this. Now, why is any of this important? In the end, some sort of continuing resolution will be passed in the end. The government ain't gonna shut down forever. Even if it lasts until President Trump becomes president and Republicans pass some sort of funding bill, it's gonna get passed. The reason this is important is because it is a good precursor to what the dynamic could be when Trump takes office, when President Trump takes office and, and that could be a problem.


What you need is a Republican caucus that moves in almost machine-like fashion in order to promote its highest priorities, right? They actually need to stick together, for example. And that does mean that if Doge is making points from the outside and putting public pressure from the outside, it has to be on particular members on particular issues, not just shooting down pre-written legislation. It depends. I mean, if Doge is truly sort of an independent body who's gonna be calling out everything, then maybe that's their job. But that means that President Trump and JD Vance and and team might have to put back against Doge from time to time. That may not be the dynamic that they're looking for, right? If you want President Trump's priorities to pass, there is going to be some stuff that you don't like because that is the necessity of pragmatic politics.


That is the reality. And so the kind of dream of everybody being on the same page, that is not how incentive structures work. In just one second we'll get to the people who I think are fibbing about some of this.


First, let's talk about something that affects all of us responsible, hardworking Americans, taxes, the October 15th deadline has passed. Are you prepared for what's coming? Do you owe back taxes? Are your tax returns still unfiled? Did you miss the deadline to file for an extension? Well, now that October 15th is behind us, the IRS may be ramping up enforcement. Lemme tell you, they do not play around. You could face wage garnishments, frozen bank accounts, even property seizures if you haven't taken action yet. There's good news. There's still Hope Tax Network USA has been in the game for years. They know exactly how to navigate the complex world of tax law. They've helped taxpayers save over a billion dollars in tax debt. They've filed over 10,000 tax returns. That's billion with AB folks. They specialize in helping hardworking Americans like you reduce their tax burden. So don't let the IRS catch you off guard. Get ahead of this right now with Tax Network USA, their team of professionals will work tirelessly to protect your assets and find the best solution for your unique situation. Here's what you need to do for a complimentary consultation. Call today, one eight hundred nine five eight 1000 or visit their website at tn usa.com/shapiro. That's 1 809 5 8 1000. Or visit tn usa.com/shapiro today. Don't let the IRS take advantage of you. Get the help you need with Tax Network USA.


Also, tonight is the Night Turning Points. Annual America Fest kicks off live from Phoenix, 6:00 PM Central at DailyWire Plus join me along with Matt Walsh, Michael Moles, and many more. As the full power of the conservative media joins forces for four unbelievable days, you can watch every minute live on DailyWire. Plus, if you're not a DailyWire Plus member, now would be the time to join. Get six months of DailyWire Plus for free when you purchase an annual membership. There's a full year of uncensored daily shows, groundbreaking entertainment and investigative journalism for half the price. Your support isn't just a membership, it's a fight for truth. Every dollar goes back into the battle to fight the left and build the future. Go to DailyWire dot com slash subscribe to join today for half the price.


Now again, there are a lot of people in my position in conservative media or in politics who I think there's always an interest in telling the public that if everyone were just more pure, that if Mike Johnson were just a stronger person, then you would've gotten everything you could possibly want. And that's just, I think the people who say this know that that's not true. I think that they know that. I think it is a form of demagoguery, frankly, to suggest that every politician who doesn't do everything that you want is, is doing it because there's some sort of sellout or C sometimes they are. But this idea that every single house speaker of my lifetime has been a sellout or a cuck, and it's not just a matter of incentive structures is wrong. And Thomas, so one suggested that the art of politics is not getting the right person in the right place.


It's making the wrong person do the right thing through incentive structures, right? That that is the whole goal. If Republicans, for example, had a 40 seat majority in the house rather than like a two seat majority in the house, you'd be able to get a lot more done. If Republicans were not on the verge of losing the house in 2026, you'd be able to get a lot more done if they controlled the Senate already. Be able, incentive structures mean an awful lot when it comes to politics. And I know that that creates a lot of frustration for people who wanna see their politicals done. They wanna see their, their priority. I get it, I totally get it. But the reason you have checks and balances in the United States, the reason that the processes are arcane, the reason you have coalitional politics is because this is a big unwieldy country and it requires a government that actually has to go through the motions of compromise.


And you don't get everything that you want all the time. Now I'm gonna push for everything that I want. I'm gonna say that members who don't gimme what I want ought to lose their primaries. But I'm also not going to suggest that the Speaker of the House or Donald Trump for that matter, that their job is the same as my job because it is not. Their job is to get 70, 80% of the loaf. 'cause it turns out the incentive structure still exist in government. We still have checks and balances. We still have another party in this country, and if we don't like it, then we should vote out more Democrats. That'd be the actual solution to structural underlying change. Again, there's this weird idea that goes about in Congress that that just is, is really sort of distasteful. Just get rid of John, just get rid of McCarthy. Just get rid of Ryan. Just get rid of bayner. Just get rid of any, and then everything will be hunky dory.


It ain't gonna work that way. It's not. So Steve Bannon, who again I, Steve is, is a very colorful figure for sure, but Steve is, is constantly on the, the sort of bandwagon of anyone I don't like is a cuck. And so here is Steve Bannon now suggesting that Mike Johnson is a Democrat, which I'm sorry, that's just ridiculous. It's just ridiculous on his face. Mike Johnson is one of the most conservative members of the house by his career voting record. But again, Steve always has an interest in suggesting that if you don't get what you want 100% of the time, it's because some politician has sold you down the river has sold you out, which this sort of game, I think is pretty ugly. Johnson's a Democrat.


He's a Democrat. He holds the Bible up. He's got, he's got the New Testament wrapped up tight. He can talk happy talk on a handful of social issues, you know, checking his son's, I don't know, all this crazy nonsense. He do, does all that. He goes down there. He is a big deep Christian, except when it comes to showing courage and being courageous. I'm sorry, this gross suggesting that that Mike Johnson is not a committed Christian because he is not able to get more of the loaf that by the way, Donald Trump wanted, again, this bill didn't emerge from nowhere. This, this sort of stuff is pretty distasteful. Thomas Massey, who again, is very consistent in terms of wanting smaller government, but now he's blaming Mike Johnson and let's, let's be clear about this.


Thomas Massey will never at any point be happy with any speaker of the house because any speaker of the house is going to have to do things that Thomas Massey does not like. In the same way that Ron Paul was a purist about spending, and it turned out that he never had a speaker of the house that he liked. Ron Paul also happened to kind of like bringing the pork back home to his own district. But here's a, here's Thomas Massey. I have a person in mind, but I'm not going to say that name. Can you give us a hint for Christmas? It is Christmas coming up. A gift. Just a gift. Hint. Just a little, little hint. We'll keep it here. Cone of silence. I know at my fam in my family always had one present you could unwrap on Christmas Eve. Can that be ours? No, this is not that pre I tried everybody.


I tried. But listen, the reason I'm doing that is to protect that person. Okay, that makes sense. That makes sense. Okay. I, I can promise you right now that anybody that Thomas Massey suggests is not gonna speak good of the house because as I point, not because they're a bad person or anything, just because as I pointed out at the top of the show, look at that Republican caucus again, and you'll notice there are many people who do not agree with Thomas Massey in that caucus's a coalitional job. Understanding the dynamics of politics allow for a little bit more, I would say sanity when it comes to the ugliness of the sausage making. I think so much of frustration in modern American politics is driven by people believing that if only there were people who were just committed enough to the principles, then magically all of my principles would manifest in real life.


People who sell you that bill of goods are lying to you and very often they're lying to you because they wanna appear to be quote unquote the most principled. Lemme be clear, my spending principles are very, very similar to Thomas Massey's spending principles. Yeah, I do not like spending, I think spending is quite bad. In fact, I think that we ought to completely restructure an enormous amount of the American entitlement state, which is something that the Trump administration is not going to do and that is not interested in doing for electoral reasons. Why is that? Because Donald Trump loves social security and Medicare and Medicaid? Is they currently stand? No. It's because he understands those are popular programs and touching them as the third rail. Does that mean Trump is unprincipled? No. It means he's a politician who's doing pragmatic things. It's important to note this going forward because I promise you, every single bill that Republicans bring while Trump is president are going to have compromises in them.


And if the basic idea is that every compromise is a sellout and not an attempt to grab 70, 80% of the loaf, you're gonna be a very unhappy camper with President Trump, which is unfair to President Trump. It's unfair to JD Vance. It's unfair to Mike Johnson. They're in a different position than I am. They're in a different position than Steve Bannon, by the way. They're even in a different position than a normal Congress person whose job it is to vote their principle and then all that gets hashed out by the leadership. Right? That's why the structure is the way that it is. Okay? By, by the way, this is why in the end, you would hope President Trump has been going to UFC events with Mike Johnson. They, they are not at odds. This kind of idea that's, that's now trying to be trotted out, that they are, that that Johnson is the bad guy in all this, that they, that Trump and Johnson are not, it's not true.


Jamie Comer, who is one of the more conservative members of Congress, he says, listen, if it comes down to a fight with Johnson, with regard to the speakership, Trump is gonna back Johnson. That is likely true, and it should be true because who else is Trump gonna find? Who's gonna do better than Johnson on this? I think the only way Mac Johnson does not get reelected speaker is if Donald Trump came out and said he preferred someone else, then we'd have to go through the process again. It's very difficult to get practically every member to agree. 'cause I think we could lose two votes on the speaker's race. If two Republicans vote against whoever the, the speaker nominee is, then it can still pass. If three vote against him, then, then it fails to get the the minimum number.


So we've been through that before. I don't think many of us want to go through that again. So, we'll we will, we'll see what happens. But right now, I think because of President Trump's strong support, I think Mike Johnson will be reelected speaker. Okay, you think so? Maybe not. Who knows? Who knows? Politics is a lot dirtier a game and a lot more complicated a game than I think a lot of people wanna make it out to be mean. Meanwhile, the House Ethics Committee is set to release its report on former Congressman Matt Gaetz this week. That is a reversal for the panel. According to the Washington Post, that last month voted along party lines not to release the results of the long running investigation into Matt Gaetz. That was a turnaround. It was a culmination of a contentious debate over whether to release the report in the first place.


The 10 member panel panel initially voted to table the report after Trump named Gates' Attorney General Pick, and then he submitted his resignation to Congress. The Congress suggested Speaker Johnson said There's no need to release the report. He is no longer a member of Congress. However, that all sort of fell apart in the House Ethics Committee. The House Ethics Committee then voted in order to release the report. Matt Gates says that maybe he'll come back in and and create a bit of havoc. He's responded to the news about the release of the report, categorizing his own behavior as embarrassing but not criminal. And then he suggested that perhaps he would come back into Congress 'cause he retired from the current session, that he might come back into Congress in order to dump out a bunch of other dirt on everybody else in Congress and then retire again.


So, you know all, it's never a dull day in Congress. Joining me online is Kristen Wagner. She serves the CEO President and General Counsel of Alliance Defending Freedom. And as censorship regimes rise all over the globe, a DF is launching a new litigation team called The Center for Free Speech. Kristen, thanks so much for joining the show. Really appreciate it. Thanks For having me. So Let's talk about why you guys decided to launch the Center for Free Speech and what the mission is. What are your first battles? Well, first battles are to defeat the censorship industrial complex. Those are three big words, but they pack a powerful punch and the daily wires very aware of that. I know for many years we've had the privilege of partnering with you as you've had different cases come up on campuses and defending rights on campuses to speak freely.


But more and more we're seeing this insidious development of collusive actors and government private people colluding together to censor speech. And we're determined to use the tools at our disposal to stop it. And I think that there's no greater moment in opportunity, but also no greater threat right now to where we're headed in in the next season. We have to take this on and take it on. Now It's pretty incredible to see how many states, left wing states, particularly California, trying to crack down on on elements that are clearly free speech. You have a case in which you guys are representing the Babylon B because California is basically now trying to ban satire or parody it seems. Right. And, and these are tools that we haven't seen states necessarily use in the past as such overt censorship.


So we have three cases right now that the, the center's already started on, which include laws that are trying to stop satire and parody like the Babylon be, but also even large platforms that are essentially turned into snitches on those who would post content that the government might disapprove of. We also have a case right now involving Sage publications where peer reviewed published articles that are used in litigation and in academic journals are being rolled back, essentially depu in breach of contract in, in an attempt to censor views that the left ideologues don't like any longer. In this particular case, the case involves chemical abortion drugs and it happened during the chemical abortion cases.


But I just wanna emphasize, I think that one piece of this is also just ensuring there's trans essentially transparency. And as The Daily Wire sued the Global Engagement Center and, and you know, the things that are happening in the Texas lawsuit, we need to have more of that because we're seeing the government fund censorship and then hide behind private actors to do its dirty work. Yeah, I mean, I think this is a really important point. One of the things the government has been doing for a long time has been essentially using backdoor pressure to get private entities to engage in censorship. So given the Supreme Court's ruling in the last term that, for example, the the Biden administration pressuring Facebook to take down particular content didn't amount to a violation of free speech.


You know, what, what, what do you make of that? Do you think that that is going to change going forward? Well, what sort of violations do you think would be necessary in order to have that very broad-based judgment, at least curbed around the edges? I think that the facts matter. You know that in terms of how a, a court's gonna litigate a case and we just have to keep trying. The one thing you have to do to litigate at the Supreme Court is have a lot of patience. They, they move in incremental steps. That ruling that you're referring to. Murthy was based on standing and essentially said there wasn't enough proof in the record to say that Facebook would've done these things on their own, or that they wouldn't have done these things on their own. That they wouldn't have engaged in censorship on their own. And, and there were a few other nuances to it, but I think a case that's squarely presented will come back again and we intend to help bring those cases back to the court because as the dissent in the case, you know, highlighted, there is great danger here that the NRA case is another Supreme Court case that was in the same term where that direct coercion or collusion between the government and a private entity was more transparent and visible.


And in that case, the court said it was wrong. So we've got to unearth this stuff. We have to ensure that there's transparency through FOIA and public records requests, and then we have to make them pay. We have to ensure that the platforms that are engaging in this collusive relationship have a reputational cost and stake at place, but also that they're, we're using all the legal tools we can to protect speech.


Well that is Kristen Waer, CEO President General Counsel for Alliance Defend Freedom. They're doing amazing work and go check out all that they do@adflegal.org. Kristen, thanks so much for the time. Really appreciate it. Thank you.


Alright guys, coming up, the former CDC D'S director Robert Redfield admits some things about the CO vaccine. If you're not a member, become a member used Coach Shapiro, checkout for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.