
Today we have two very special guests on our program, introducing Lemon. Hey and lime. Hello for starry lemon lime soda. Thanks For having Us. What is Starry Lemon? Lime soda. It's a crisp, clear burst of lemon lime flavor and it's caffeine free Between us. One of you must be a little more important to starry than the other. Who is it with? Both important. So we could just as easily be starry lime lemon soda. No, That doesn't sound right. Oh, I like it. So you saying hip hop could be Hop hip works for Me. Starry lemon lime soda Starry pits different.


Well, folks, we are four days from the biggest election of our lifetime, and it's back one last chance. This time it's more important than ever. Get 47% off your new DailyWire Plus annual membership with Code Fight. Then make sure you're with us on election night. Our full coverage starts 6:00 PM Eastern. And yes, we will be live all night long until we have winter. So maybe we'll be there until like you know, Saturday giving real coverage in real time on the night. It really matters. Go to DailyWire dot com slash subscribe. Use code, fight for 47% off your new DailyWire Plus membership, and be here to watch History unfold. Live on Tuesday, November 5th, the night. America's fate is decided. As the final votes are counted and a nation waits for the outcome. Join us to break down the live election results. Has only Ben Shapiro, Matt Walsh, Michael Knowles, Andrew Klavan, and Jeremy Bann with special guests appearing live in studio, Dr. Jordan B. Peterson, Dennis Prager and Spencer Klavan. DailyWire election Night 2024. Get realtime results and exclusive insights from the most trusted names in conservative media. This is more than an election. It's history in the making. Join the DailyWire. As each vote is counted, each state called and each race decided.


Well, there's gonna be a lot of stress that night because as it turns out, this election is unbelievably close. And people ask me all the time, who do I think is gonna win? Listen, my gut says that Donald Trump is gonna win. And then sometimes in the darker moments, your gut says the other way. But I'm just gonna give you the data 'cause the data matters a lot more than whatever my gut says. So right now, according to the real clear Politics poll average, the national poll average, Donald Trump is up on Kamala Harris. 48.42. 48.1. It's a dead heat. If you look at the Battleground states, Trump has opened up a bit of a lead in Georgia. He seems to be up about 2.6 points in Georgia. He's up 1.4 in North Carolina. He is up 2.4 in Arizona. Okay? The most likely scenario right now is that he wins all of the so-called Sunbelt states, North Carolina, Georgia, Arizona.


There's a good shot that he picks up Nevada as well, and that takes him to 2 68. If he were to lose the other swing states, if you were to lose Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania, Kamala Harris would then win the election two 70 to 2 68 in the electoral College. Now, the good news is that right now, if you look at the real court politics, polling average in Pennsylvania, Trump has had some late breaking activity there. He's up just a little bit. Echelon Insights actually says he's up more than a little bit. They say he's up maybe five points in Pennsylvania. But you are also seeing countervailing data coming in terms of the early voting. Now, I warned you yesterday not to look at the early voting as dispositive. It doesn't tell you all that much. We don't have good comps.


We don't know whether the early voting is cannibalizing the day of voting. We don't even know whether the people who are voting in the name of the Democratic Party are voting for Democrats. We just know that they're registered Democrats who are in fact voting. And so you're seeing a lot of mixed data. So the GOP is outperforming its early voting data from 2020. They're vote, they're performing a little bit behind their early voting data. In 2016. The Washington Post says the 2024 election has set records for pre-election day votes. Republicans are increasingly excited about numbers that show their side has embraced early voting much more than it did in 2020. Elon Musk has gone so far as to predict these numbers spell victory for Donald Trump. But there are a lot of reasons not to over-interpret the data that Musk and his allies are citing, including the fact that 2020 had an extraordinary number of mail-in ballots, that some early votes, again, are cannibalizing the day of balloting.


And we actually don't know who people are voting for. So the early indicators are that Kamala Harris is lagging in the black vote in North Carolina. Also, there's some indicators that Trump is lagging in the early vote with seniors in Pennsylvania. According to Politico, they say that is a warning sign in Pennsylvania where voters over the age of 65 have cast nearly half of the early ballots registered Democrats account for about 58% of votes cast by seniors compared to 35% for Republicans. That's despite both parties having roughly equal number of registered voters aged 65 and older. Now, that partisan gap is narrower than it was in 2020. Okay? So Trump didn't lose the state of Pennsylvania by very much in 2020. So again, way too early to tell based on any of the early voting, what the hell is going on.


The only state where early voting really matters all that much is Nevada. And Trump is running stronger than expected in Nevada right now. Now, I do have to paint for you the worst case scenario for the country. Okay? So here's the worst case scenario for the country. The worst case scenario for the country is that the, the scenario that I laid out a few moments ago turns out to be the actual final scenario. The Trump wins Arizona, Georgia, North Carolina, and Nevada, and he gets to 2 68 and then Kamala Harris gets to two 70. There is one major, major problem with this. Major problem with this is that the electoral college count right now is flawed, deeply flawed. If you go back to the 2020 census, what you'll find is that the 2020 census radically over counted citizens in blue states and radically undercounted citizens in red states.


This is not speculation. The Census Bureau has acknowledged as much, the Census Bureau has now acknowledged that 14 states had significant miscounts in the 2020 census. Significant miscounts in the 2020 census. We are talking being like 5% off in terms of the population. So why exactly does that matter? Well, the reason that matters is because that is how you allocate both congressional seats and electoral college votes. The states that were under counted were nearly all red states, and the states that were over counted were nearly all blue states. And that was under the Trump administration. That was Wilber Ross, who was the commerce secretary who did a crap job. And then it turns out afterward, it's very hard to change the sort of results of the census.


And the person who could change the results of the census is Gina Raimondo, who of course is a Democrat working for the Biden administration. The over counted states are Hawaii, Delaware, Rhode Island, Minnesota, New York, and Massachusetts. Those are among the over counted states. Okay? There, there are a few others. Those states all again went for Joe Biden Undercounted states where Texas, Illinois, Florida, Mississippi, Tennessee, and Arkansas. Only one of those Illinois voted for Joe Biden in the 2020 election. Now, again, the census is not an exact science. It's very difficult to count every single person. Some people don't answer the phone, some people don't pick, don't answer the door when you knock or whatever. But this makes a huge difference. Why?


Because if the count had been properly done, the state of Florida would've had two more electoral college votes. The state of New York would've had one fewer electoral college votes. The state of Texas would've had one more electoral college vote in all, somewhere between seven and nine electoral college votes would have gone to red states that are currently residing in blue states. Okay? That that is just a fact. Okay? And, and because that is the case, wow. Wow. I mean, worst case scenario for the country is that worst case scenario for the country is Kamala Harris narrowly wins. And that, that then opens the door to this question being asked because it is pretty clear at that point the electoral college count is wrong. The, I'm, I'm just painting a nightmare scenario for all y'all, which is why it's important that Trump needs to win.


Not just because I think Trump should win, but for the sanguinary of the country, Trump really, really needs to win. Which means he needs to win Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan, get out there and vote. If you are a Republican, if you are an independent who's voting for Trump, if you're a low propensity voter and you don't know whether you should vote, go and vote. Every single vote in Pennsylvania is going to count Whatever doubts you have about President Trump. Understand that Kamala Harris is president is much, much, much worse. Well, Democrats are beginning. They're becoming desperate, and they're trotting out their last line of defense. The celebrities. Yes, it's celebrity time now. It, it's always been bewildering to me that Democrats really believe that celebrities are really gonna move the needle in a major way in favor of their party.


It, it, it has never worked in my lifetime. Barack Obama didn't need the celebrities. He was a celebrity. Hillary Clinton tried the celebrities and failed. Joe Biden really didn't have much by the way of sort of celebrity endorsements. 'cause that entire campaign was run from a basement. Well now Kamala Harris is calling on all her friends from Hollywood to cut endorsements for her. So the members of the cast of the Avengers decided to cut a commercial that is indeed the weirdest commercial ever. And they, they literally end this commercial, as you'll notice, by shouting down with democracy as they, as they say that, that Kamala Harris should be the president, which is, which is weird. Hi you guys.


Hi Avengers. Hi. Hey, Scarlet. Jumping on the call. Whoa, whoa, whoa. I think you mean assembling. I said assembling. Dawn. That's pretty good. No, they thought was funny. Scarlet. It is our pleasure to come together and to get the vote out this election. Yeah. How can we be of service? How about we start with what our voting plans are gonna be, who we're gonna bring to the polls with us, that sort of thing. Just say, I, I think Kamala Harris needs a catchphrase. Ooh, yes. Definitely a catchphrase. How about this? I'm just off the top of my head. I can do this all day. Shut up. I hate it. Okay. I mean, it's original, but what about something punchier like, oh, oh boom.


You looking for this Iron Man Two, everybody loved it. Okay. Again, I think we're just trying to get out the boat, Kamala, forever. That's better. Okay. How about I'm down with democracy. It's just clean. It's simple. Okay. I like that. It's hard to argue with that Kamala Harris down with democracy. Oh yeah. I'm Kamala Harris and I say down with democracy. I don't know if that sounds the way we want it to sound though. I Think we just need, can we get some production though? Jarvis? My name's not Jarvis, but whatever. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, that's right. Hmm. Down with democracy. Down with democracy. Is that what we mean, Mel? Yeah. Together we are going to tear down democracy. Will you stop playing heroic music under yourselves?


I'm Kamala Harris and I am down with democracy. Did I sound enough like her? Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. You gonna, you gonna vote based on that? You gonna listen to Mark? I hate Jews. Ruffo that. Those are the people who who you're gonna go out with. Alright.


I suppose it's no secret than anti-gun legislation is on the ballot this election season. It is more important now than ever before to support those who are fighting for your Second Amendment rights. This is where my friends at Silencer Shop come in. They don't just sell silencers. They're fighting to protect your gun rights. They're actively pushing back against gun control, lobbying, fighting lawsuits, supporting Pro-Second Amendment legislation nationwide. Yes, silencers are completely legal. Not only do silencers make shooting quieter, reduce recoil, and cut down on concussion, they also make your time at the range safer and more enjoyable. But let's be real. The government doesn't wanna make it easy for you to get one, but there is a solution. Silencer Shop makes getting silencers easy. They've helped more Americans get suppressors than anyone else by making it simpler. With the largest selection of top brand silencers, the expert team at Silencer Shop will help you find the perfect one for your firearm. Silencer Shop helps you submit all the paperwork, making the process hassle free. Get your suppressor now. Approvals are coming back faster than ever. Just head to silencer shop.com/shapiro. They will do the rest. So if you wanna protect your rights and enjoy a better shooting experience, visit silencer shop.com/shapiro today. That's silencer shop.com/shapiro. Silencer shop is the easiest, best way to get your suppressor.


Jennifer Lopez was also out campaigning. She apparently was incredibly offended as a Puerto Rican woman, very offended by Tony Hinchcliffe. See, before that she was gonna vote for Trump. But then afterward she was really offended and now she's gonna vote for Kamala Harris. Oh wait, well, here she was at a rally for Kamala Harris, woo Boy At Madison Square Garden. He reminded us who he really is and how he really feels. It wasn't just Puerto Ricans that were offended that day, okay? It was every Latino in this country. It was humanity and anyone of decent Character humanity. I am not here. Wow. To trash anyone or bring them down.


I know what that can feel like. And I wouldn't do it to my worst enemy, or even when facing the biggest adversary I think America has internally ever had. But over Kamala Harris' entire career, she has proven us to us who she is. So when I have questions about character, the first person I go to is a woman who dated Diddy. That is the very first person I go to. I think that her judgment is stellar on humans. Jennifer Lopez just absolutely spot on, always and forever. Jimmy Kimmel, by the way, is now breaking the loss. That's exciting.


Jimmy Kimmel is so excited for Kamala Harris that he's actually violating the law. And here he was the other night doing just that. See if you can vote early. Vote early. If you can't vote early, vote on time. If you want to vote for Trump, vote late. Vote very late. Do your voting on Thursday or maybe Friday. Okay? So that's a joke. The problem is that the Department of Justice actually prosecuted a man named Douglas Mackey. You'll recall back in October of 2023 for this exact same joke, Mackey had a Twitter audience of 58,000 followers. And he had tweeted out and texted out some, some information suggesting that black voters should show up late for the election.


Okay? And the, the problem, and, and they prosecuted him. He went to jail. Jimmy Kimmel can do it, and apparently no problem at all. But the desperation is setting in for the Democratic Party. They're looking for a closing argument. They've tried the Tony Hinchcliffe argument. I don't think it's gonna carry a lot of weight because again, Tony Hinchcliffe is a roast comedian. That's literally what he does. So their latest attempt comes courtesy of President Trump himself. So President Trump was talking about Liz Cheney. He was out on the campaign trail with Tucker Carlson last night in Glendale, Arizona. And, and he started talking about Liz Cheney. And here is what he had to say. And I don't blame him for sticking with his daughter, but his daughter's a very dumb individual. Very dumb.


She's a radical warhawk. Let's put her with a rifle standing there with nine barrel shooting at her. Okay? Let's see how she feels about it. You know, when the guns are trained in her face, you know, they're all walk hawks when they're sitting in Washington in a nice building saying, oh gee, will, let's send, let's send 10,000 troops right into the mouth of the enemy. But she's a stupid person. And I used to have, I, I'd have meetings with a lot of people and she always wanted to go to war with people. Okay? So, you know, full on what he's saying right there. No, I actually don't like this argument. I think the chicken hawk argument was crap when it was trotted out against George W. Bush and all of his supporters back in the two thousands.


I think it's crap now. I don't think that congressmen are sitting there and being like, well, it's not me, so I'm just gonna send troops. Okay? The reality is that there are wide differences of opinion among people who have served in the military about foreign policy and people who have not served in the military about foreign policy. So I don't like the chicken hawk argument 'cause I think it's specious empty and foolish. But that is not the, that's not the rep on Trump, okay? What they're ripping on Trump for saying is the part where he said, quote, let's put her with a rifle standing there with nine barrels shooting at her. They're claiming that he wants her assassinated. Okay? I'm sorry, that's just bullshit. It's not true. It's just not true. It's not real. Trump is not calling for the killing of Liz Cheney. He's clearly making the exact same argument the entire left made about the entire right during the period, 2002 to 2008, in which they said, you guys are really sanguine about sending troops into harm's way.


But very few of you have served in the military, and it'll be totally different if you were on the front lines with barrels trained at you. Right? Michael Moore used to make this argument all the time. This is a Cindy Shehan argument. This, this was a code pink argument. And I understand that some aspects of the code pink argument have been adopted by some parts of the right, but that doesn't mean that the argument is for assassination, but that's not how they're treating it. So Liz Cheney then put out a statement saying, this is how dictators destroy free nations. They threaten those who speak against them with death. We cannot entrust our country and our freedom to a petty, vindictive, cruel, unstable man who wants to be a tyrant. Okay? And this, that's just, it's just bullshit. I'm sorry. Like it's not my fault that you guys can't speak English or that you're being radically dishonest by taking President Trump out of context There to pretend that he's calling the headline at Drudge today is Trump calls for Cheney's execution.


That's not remotely true. It's just not true world in shock. That's, that's literally the headline over a drudge today. Trump says, Liz Cheney is from the express. Trump says, Liz Cheney should be shot in the face by nine guns in sickening fantasy, Donald Trump has caused controversy by suggesting Liz Cheney should have guns trained on her face in an alarming firing squad fantasy, not a fire. That's not what he said. It's not remotely what he said. And this is the stupidest game. And they're playing this game like full time. They're finding stuff that Trump says that is actually unobjectionable on its face. You can disagree with the argument, but the actual language is being skewed and twisted in order to achieve something that Trump never said.


They're also doing this with another quote that he said the other day. So we're gonna play the quote. Basically, they're claiming that, that Trump is now trying to force down his will on women. So here is President Trump talking about protecting women. Okay? This, they're making this into a national issue too. And my people told me about four weeks ago, I was saying, no, I wanna protect the people. I wanna protect the women of our country. I wanna protect the women. Sir, please don't say that. Why? They said, we think it's, we think it's very inappropriate for you to say, I said, why I'm president. I wanna protect the women of our country. They said, they said, sir, I just think it's inappropriate for you to say, pay these guys a lot of money.


Can you believe it? They said, well, I'm gonna do it whether the women like it or not, I'm gonna protect them. Okay? So this has now been taken outta context to suggest that Trump is forcing himself on the women. So this is a desperation play. He's forcing himself. He literally says, I wanna protect the women. Whether that is a popular message with women or whether it is not a popular message with women. Now, you can argue with the political common sense of saying something like that from the podium. He is not arguing that he wants to do something to women against their will. He's saying, I'm saying I wanna protect women. And if women like that message, so be it. If they don't like that message, so be it. But that is my message. I wanna, he's specifically talking here about protecting women from the predations of illegal immigrant criminals.


That was the context of what he's talking about right there. So what did the media do? What does Kamala Harris do? She plucked that right outta context. And then she suggests that Trump is trying to force himself on women. Again, it's basically like Trump is verbally raping people or some such nonsense. Harris is Kamala Harris being ridiculous? Listen, it's just, it actually is, I think, very offensive to women in terms of not understanding their agency, their authority, their right, and their ability to make decisions about their own lives, including their own bodies. And this is just the latest on, on a series of reveals by the former president of how he thinks about women and their agency.


Whether he has said as he has that women should be punished for their choices. Whether he has talked about his pride in taking away a fundamental right from women, whether it be how he has actually created a situation in America where now one in three women lives in a Trump abortion ban state and has legal restrictions on the right, she rightly should have to make decisions about her own body. Okay? You know how far afield you have to get to get there? Do you know how far you have to go to get there so far? Okay. To, to get to Trump is trying to cram down things on women.


That's what he means by this. No, that's clearly not what he meant by that. And you are lying. What if the wisdom to save our world has been hidden in playing sight for thousands of years? In his new series, the Gospels, Jordan Peterson brings together nine of the world's deepest thinkers, each with conflicting faith backgrounds, in an effort to unlock the mysteries, to still captivate humanity. From skeptics to believers, scholars to seekers, each brings their unique voice to this contentious conversation about meaning, truth, and the chaos, threatening to consume our world. Join them as Peterson guides this unprecedented exploration of history's most influential text. Whether you're wrestling with doubt, searching for meaning, or simply curious about what draws millions to these stories, your perspective matters. Because sometimes the greatest discoveries happen when we get a question, when we find the courage to voice our deepest doubts, and when we're brave enough to listen to those who see things differently.


Experience the gospels a DailyWire Plus exclusive series available now, But it's also very clear what what Democrats are doing, right? Democrats are relying extraordinarily heavily on the white female vote. That, that, that is what this entire election is about for Democrats, if they can get enough white ladies out to vote, single white ladies, mostly then they believe they'll win the election. If they can't, they'll lose because they are afraid they're not gonna get the sort of minority turnout that they got under Barack Obama. It'll look more like Biden 2020 or even Hillary 2016. And that means you really need to pump up that white female vote. It's not me saying that. That's the New York Times quote, armed with a clipboard in campaign literature, Liz Manila strolled through a neighborhood in New Hope, Pennsylvania, optimistic that by the end of the day, her door knocking the small town would live up to its name for Vice President Kamala Harris's campaign.


There wasn't a political yard sign in sight, which Ms. Manila, who had only recently become a democratic activist, took to mean she might find some persuadable voters. When a blonde woman in a Villanova sweatshirt answered one door with a broad smile, Ms. Manila, a Villanova graduate thought allowed, this is my lady, the woman. A 52-year-old Republican, was eager to talk, even though Ms. Manila's voter list had highlighted her daughter, an independent Ms. Manila tried to steer the conversation toward reproductive rights, but eventually it circled back to the women's fears that migrants would bring violent crime to her wealthy Philadelphia suburb. The woman thanked Ms. Manila for civil conversation, but her mind was unchanged, should be voting for former President Donald Trump. The episode reflected the obstacles white women who support Ms. Harris are confronting as they try to persuade their ideological diverse counterpoints parts to join her cause in effort that could potentially decide the election.


White women are the country's largest voting demographic, making up about 30% of the electorate, and they consistently turn out at very high rates. They tend to swing in larger numbers toward the Republican in presidential elections, including, you know, in the last two contests for Donald Trump. So she's trying to reach out to white women. The, the problem is that Kamala Harris and her campaign really tend to think of women in a bizarre way, particularly in how women think about men. Truly, it's strange. There's a, there's a fair bit of evidence for this. So first of all, there, there is this kind of undercurrent in much of the Democratic campaign literature and much of what they're saying that women and men are sort of weirdly enemies, which is not true and should not be true, and no functioning society can survive on that basis.


Men and women are not enemies. Men and women are counterparts. That is the basis for all human reproduction and rearing of children. A society in which men and women are enemies. Is a society doomed for destruction? It seems fairly commonsensical. There's nothing particularly controversial about that. But the way the Democrats perceive women is that they're victims of the patriarchy. That men are constantly attempting to make women subservient. The, this is how they talk about women. Now, I don't think most women in America perceive men that way. I really don't. I think maybe there's a subset of women who perceive men that way, and if so, either they're wrong or they've had bad experiences with bad men, which I get, you have bad experiences with a person and you tend to generalize that experience.


Very human response. But the reality is that most women kind of like men, and most men kind of like women. Again, the fact that any of this is remotely controversial is beyond me. But that's not how Democrats think about it. So yesterday, mark Cuban, who has I would say been a, a pretty tremendously awful surrogate for the Kamala Harris campaign. He was appearing on the view with a bunch of women who I will say are not particularly intelligent, okay? This is not a place you go if you're looking for IQ points. These folks ain't solving Rubik's cubes over there. And, and Mark Cuban shows up and he says, the problem with Trump is he doesn't want to be around smart, intelligent women. Here we go. Just demeaning every woman who would associate with Trump Pro vote for Trump, basically Donald Trump.


You never see him around strong, intelligent women ever. It's just that simple. They're intimidating to him. You never see him around strong, intelligent women, which is weird because his administration was staffed with them. Nikki Haley, who then ran against him, was his UN ambassador. Today, his campaign manager is Susie Wiles. Many of his campaign surrogates are women. His press secretary, Kellyann Conway, was a woman. It turns out that he's constantly surrounded by intelligent and strong women. I mean, look at the campaign. I've dealt with the campaign many times. Many of the people I've dealt with are female. It's a ridiculous statement. And of course, it was taken as ridiculous by many of the Republican women who are part of the Trump campaign.


Representative Elise Fannick from New York. She called on Cuban to apologize. Of course, Just one day after Joe Biden smeared 250 million Americans as garbage. Now, mark Cuban, Kamala Harris's top ally says, no strong and intelligent women support Trump. It's a disgrace. And Kamala Harris stays silent. She must be defeated in five days to save America. I'm proud to be the highest ranking woman in the United States Congress. When I ran, I was the youngest woman ever elected. I'm the most senior woman on the House Armed Services Committee, the House Intelligence Committee. And I proudly am voting and endorse President Trump, save America in five days, vote Trump.


Okay? Again, not uncommon, lots of women are gonna vote for Donald Trump. But there is this prevailing opinion among Democrats that women who vote for Trump are being intimidated into it by the men around them. That is the message of this ad that has now made all sorts of waves, this Julia Roberts produced ad about women voting. So again, this ad has become subject of a thousand think pieces at this point. The ad was produced by Vote Common Good, a nonprofit organization aimed at mobilizing religious voters. Now, the problem is, I'm not sure the people who produce this ad have ever met a religious voter, truly because what they seem to think is that men and women who are religious is they're married, basically. The woman is a Handmaid's Tale victim of the man.


She could never just have an open conversation about politics with her husband. She might not agree with her husband about politics all the time, but she would never say so. And by the way, the the core assumption here, which is that tons and tons of married women actually are secretly being CD into their political opinions by their hu. Maybe they agree with their husbands or maybe their husbands agree with them. As it turns out, married couples tend to vote alike. You know why? Because they tend to share everything else too. My wife and I, we vote Party line, Shapiro party line, meaning we vote exactly the same way on everything. Wanna know why? 'cause we share a set of values. We had to decide on those values when we decided to build our home and raise our kids. And so it should not be a shock that our values quite identically reflect one another.


That's why we have such a solid marriage. A solid marriage is predicated on the grounding of similar values those will manifest in voting. But again, the basic idea for Democrats very often is that women and men are at odds. And that what that means, that basically women in religious households are being shoved into closets like the Taliban. Well, not quite like the Taliban, 'cause the Democrats like the Taliban enough to have handed an entire country over to them, but kind of like the Taliban. And that basically a woman escapes the home. She winks at the other subservient, Handmaid's Tale women. And then they vote for Kamala Harris. This is just a fantasy. This is not how male female relations work, particularly within marriage. Your turn honey, In the one place in America where women still have a right to choose.


You can vote any way you want and no one will ever know. Did you make the right choice? Sure did. Honey, remember what happens in the booth stays in the booth vote. Harris Walls A female solidarity in our, in our crap marriages where we can't have conversations with our husbands. It's, it's so trite. It's such a trite misunderstanding of how male female relations work. Now, again, I'm sure there are many couples that vote differently and that's fine. But again, the idea, the underlying idea here is that the husband is gonna, like, if he finds out she voted for Kamala, he's gonna go home and beat the out of her or something like that. That's the underlying message of that A And in fact, this is something the Democrats have actively been attempting to push.


I saw some tweets the other day from members of the Democratic get out the vote structure saying that they had trained their get out, the vote specialist, the door knockers, that if they were talking to a woman and the husband came to the door, they were to quietly leave because they didn't want to actually have the woman be victimized by her husband in an incident of domestic violence. This is not how male female relationships work. And by the way, if you think this is how male female relationships work, you are contributing to the downfall of Western civilization. Truthfully, if you think that males and females are constantly at odds, and the only reason a wife and a husband might vote similarly is not because they share values and a life that they've built together, but because the male is bullying the woman. So the woman has to secretly, quietly from a solidarity committee among the Stepford wives and then rebel against the evil patriarchal husbands.


It's, it's, it's really, it's really kind of sad, honestly, really kind of sad. It's not just that Democrats don't understand a lot of women, they also don't understand men. So for example, Sarah Haynes over on the View, again, repository of much human stupidity. She was very upset that President Trump had gotten in a garbage truck and driven it around, which was a hilarious campaign stunt after Joe Biden called All of Trump's supporters garbage, which is in fact, what happened. We'll get to that in a moment. Sarah Haynes. She says, it's just sad that Trump is appealing to men by being in a garbage truck. I think it's really sad that he's appealing to the working man, like the blue collar worker with the garbage truck. I know that was about garbage, but it was also, he wants to look like he can rub elbows at a McDonald's.


And he does all these things, the people that will be hurt the most while he was a president, he cut, he reduced by millions the number of workers, and this is most, this is blue collar workers who would become eligible for overtime pay in 2025. It goes even further. Yeah. And he wants to take away what, 40 hours after 40 hours would normally earn you time and a half. He wants to take that away from workers. The reason El Elon Musk is with him is someone like Elon Musk benefits from him. Of course, it is the working people that are falling for the not all, but the blue collar working man is the one falling for this. Okay? Who do you think respects garbage men more? Donald Trump or Sarah Haynes?


Okay, the, the reason that men resonates to this is because they know that Donald Trump doesn't hate them. And think of garbage men as people doing a ridiculous job that that's for dollars and all this kind of thing. And, and by the way, the idea that Donald Trump is attempting to harm the working man, wages went up under Donald Trump. Inflation adjusted, they were stagnated under Joe Biden. It's that simple. But of course, again, Democrats do not understand men, which is presumably why the Irrepressibly stupid Alexander Ocas Ocasio-Cortez, the Queen of moral Acuity, has now suggested that Doug Emh is a great example of masculinity. Man. Oh man, We've had a lot of, a lot ex like poor examples I think, of masculinity and men.


But Doug really is the contrast of that. He knows that by lifting up women, he's also lifting up himself and the men around him. So if that, if Doug Emh is what Democratic women think is what a good man looks like, I can understand why maybe they're at odds with men if that's what they think. If they think Doug MH is like the best that masculinity has to offer, I can see why they think that, that women might be like afraid of their boyfriends, who allegedly beat the shit out of them. Or that they might be, you know, disquieted with their husbands who might be tripping the nanny impregnating her and possibly paying for her abortion. I can see why they might be anti-male if the people they surround themselves with are, you know, like Doug Moff.


I mean, in just a moment we'll talk about a giant lie that is being told by the Biden White House


First gentlemen, it's time to take a stand against the tide of mediocrity. Behold the precision five from Jeremy's razors, not just a damn good razor. It's a Declaration of independence. Five meticulously crafted blades. Live a buttery smooth shave as bold as your convictions. Reclaim your masculinity, not like Doug Emh h Show the world you won't be dulled by conformity. Stop giving your money to the woke corporations that hit you. Choose the Precision five. Order now at jeremy's razors.com or find us on walmart.com and Amazon Prime.


Also, by now, you've definitely heard, Am I Racist? Our box office hit and the top documentary of the decade is streaming exclusively at DailyWire Plus, we know you wanna watch it and DailyWire Plus is the only place you can right now. It's easy. Get 47% off a new membership with Code Fight that gets you access to Am I Racist? The movie that shocked the box office stunned the left and tore apart DEI. You wanna know how Matt Walsh pulled it off? He breaks it all down with exclusive bonus content taking you behind the scenes on how the greatest troll against the left in history was done. Plus, there's a deleted Johnny the Walrus scene map did not show in theaters the only way to see it all. DailyWire Plus. So get 47% off right now at DailyWire dot com slash subscribe with Code Fight.


Well, speaking of the White House and radical dishonesty, it turns out that Joe Biden changed the White House transcript. The White House changed the White House transcript. This would be about the garbage comment to include an apostrophe that clearly was not there. According to the Associated Press, white House press officials altered the official transcript of a call in which President Joe Biden appeared to take a swipe at supporters of Donald Trump, drawing objections from the federal workers who document such remarks for posterity according to U2 US government officials, and an internal email obtained Thursday by the Associated Press. Biden created an uproar earlier this week when he suggested that Trump supporters were garbage. The transcript released by the White House Press Office, however, rendered the quote with an apostrophe reading support hers with an apostrophe before the S rather than supporters without the apostrophe, which aids it said, pointed to Biden criticizing Hinchcliffe.


The change was made after the press office conferred with the President, according to an internal email from the head of the stenographer's office that was obtained by the ap. So that's illegal. You're not allowed to go back and actually change what the White House stenographer wrote in order to help yourself. But that's precisely what the Biden White House did. Because here's the thing, the Biden White House, rest of the Democratic party, Biden said the thing, it's called a Kinsey Gaff, okay? Where you actually say the thing that you mean and call it a gaff. He said the thing, okay? The thing is that people on the left truly believe that Trump supporters are fascists and Nazis and garbage, which is why none of this, it all rings hollow when they talk about unity.


So this is Kamala's closing pitch. Her closing pitch is that she's a moderate seeking unity and no one believes this. Here she was, for example, yesterday talking about moving forward and the importance of moving forward as opposed to backward, which is backwards from the forward, which should just be standing where you are. So you gotta move forward, not three forward. You know what, let me say something about this. We're here 'cause we're fighting for a democracy. Fighting for a democracy, and understand the difference here. Understand the difference here, moving forward, moving forward.


Understand the difference here. What we are looking at is a difference in this election. Let's move forward and see where we are. Okay? Moving forward, guys, moving forward Also, she's about bringing people together. Did you know that very much about bringing people together here? She was talking about it yesterday. I do believe that this is a choice about two very different directions for our country. And the choice being offered by Donald Trump is about going backward, about a constant emphasis on, on degrading the American people in our capacity versus a track that is about bringing the country together.


Mm, she is going to bring the country together. Also, apparently, according to her, weird and kooky running makes Tim Walls, Joe Biden was very clear that he only meant that one Trump supporter was garbage. Did the president's garbage comments that he made, did it damage this campaign? No. He clarified what he was saying. He was very clear about that. What mattered last night was the vice president's positive vision of going to America, you know, to all Americans being a president for all Americans, and that that's where we're at. So, no, certainly not. That's, that's not what he said. Well, I mean, he, he sort of did President Trump for his party. He is like, you know, Kamala keeps talking about unity, but I noticed they call me a fascist a lot.


You know, she talks about unity. Oh, unity. Unity. Oh yeah, unity. By the way, he's like Hitler. He reminds me of Hitler. He's a fascist. He's a, she's talking about we're gonna have unity. And then she calls me a fascist in the next sentence. This is the worst unifier. Hey, he is right about that. Of course. See, here's the thing. The actual Kamala Harris closing ad was pretty much cut by a, by a group called Seed the vote. Okay? SEED seed the vote. Okay? They cut this ad using AI and this is supposed to be a warning from the future. If you vote for Donald Trump, this is what the Democrats actually think about Republicans, okay?


They just, this is the quiet part out loud. It is also one of the funniest things I've ever seen in my entire life. Here we go. We weren't always like this. There's people sitting in garbage. He had a beautiful life. The best parties, the most beautiful friends. Yeah, they, they had a rave, by the way. We thought it was just another election. So a lot of us didn't vote. Why bother? Everyone knew the system was rigged. Many of us even voted for them. I know it sounds crazy. It's ai, Elon Musk, who does not look, We didn't like Democrats back then.


We were angry about the vaccine mandates and how they handled the war in Gaza and the way they wanted to censor free speech on the internet. They want unquestioned Obedience. So what did we end up doing? We voted for the guys who openly said they wanted to imprison dissenters and use the military against their political opponents. Guys, get ready. Here it comes. It's gonna get real weird now. So yeah, you were wrong on that big time. When Trump got sick and died. Vance was 39 years old when he became president.


30 years later, he's still president today. And with the Supreme Court on his side, they gave Him dic. This is nothing like, by the way, They took away women Dicial Powers, reproductive rights Out with Russian language and back contraception And removed The minimum outlaw contraception. Then We had repression of descent, AI surveillance of everything we did or said on a level that's Surveilling you. Now imagine The government under Vance, Peter Thiel and Elon Musk set up concentration camps for illegal immigrants, then legal immigrants, then even homeless people. Oh my god, these homeless people. Wow. They finally admitted climate change.


You Look crazy. I'm sorry, they're psychotic, But it was too late. Florida san late into the Gulf too. And the West burned The entire state of Florida from cities Across the country. The entire West became uninsurable. Then uninhabitable, musk and teal Across the country, like Iowa, All our resources into artificial intelligence. So they and their friends could become immortal. Immortal, wow. I didn't know what happened to them, but I know what happened to us. We'll get to more on this in a second. But first,


as a potential home buyer, you've likely been waiting on the sidelines through some challenging times between the pandemic inflation, limited housing inventory, and rising interest rates. The real estate market has been very unpredictable. But here's the good news. Conditions are improving. It's worth considering making a move now before the traditional spring surge brings more competition and potentially higher prices. You might be thinking, Ben, isn't winter a terrible time to buy with the holidays? Actually, winter can be a smart time to enter the market. There are typically fewer bidding wars. That means you may have more negotiating power and better opportunities to find good deals. Here's how you get started. Go to churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Churchill Mortgage is the company I trust to help you. I've met with the president of Churchill. They're committed to finding the right loan for your financial situation. They wanna make sure they do right by you. Churchill gives you additional advantages as a buyer, including a $10,000 seller guarantee. Churchill will pay for, they even have programs to help you compete with cash offers with rates trending down. This could be your moment. Churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Tell your loan officer I sent you, you'll be in good hands. This is a paid advertisement. Home buyer edge and seller guarantee are available for qualifying borrowers and select loan types only. Not available in all states or locations. N mls, ID 1 5 9 1 mls consumer access.org. Equal housing lender, 1 7 4 9, Mallory Land, Brentwood, Tennessee, 3 7 0 2 7.


Three people sitting around like a campfire outside of, outside of Chicago. That is, that is the best commercial I've ever seen. By which I mean that is horrifying. That is it. Okay, so if that's your closing pitch, that Donald Trump is going to die, and then JD Vance, who apparently is bearded Hitler is gonna take over and promptly with Elon Musk and Peter Thiel imprison all de sensors make themselves immortal. Allow the entire state of Florida to sink under the Gulf. By the way, that's not, that's not how climate change works, my friends. It's incremental. It happens over a long period of time. And you can build these things called sea walls. All of New Orleans is below sea level. It's, yes, this is their final pitch. And then you wonder why people aren't buying it.


Maybe people aren't buying it. 'cause you're being crazy. You need to take your clonazepam. What is wrong with you? People? Stop it. Just stop it. You're being stupid and crazy. That's why all you had to do was be not stupid and crazy and you couldn't stop yourselves. You were stupid and crazy. Yeah, good luck with that final pitch. So, back in the real world, it turns out that you wanna know something that, that people don't like a bad economy. They don't like a bad economy. Well, the final jobs report before the election is out and it shows just 12,000 jobs added. So that's not great, Bob. They fell short. A hundred thousand jobs, and that's if they don't revise it down into an actual job loss.


So again, well done common omics, but don't worry, she pledges. She's gonna fix everything here she was yesterday saying that day one, she'd bring down the cost of living, which would make a different from all the other days she'd been in office where she, you know, increased the cost of living Day one. What's your first executive action? Well, my first priority, which will be probably the, the package of bills is about bringing down the cost of living. So it's about housing, it's about childcare. It's about what we need to do to deal with grocery prices. So it, it's not one, it's a package that is with one singular purpose, bringing down the cost of living. We have, Do you believe her? Do you believe she's gonna bring down the cost of living? If so, how?


She also says she's very concerned about the challenges that face the ordinary American family, by which she can't define family. She can't define ordinary American. She can't define man, she can't define woman. All they had to do was be not crazy, but they can't do it. What keeps you up at night? What keeps me up at night are the challenges that face the American family and my role and responsibility and my to-do list to address those issues with, whether it be on bringing down the cost of groceries, bringing down the cost of housing, what we need to do to make sure childcare is affordable for working families. What I will do to make sure that Medicare covers in-home care for seniors, those are the things that keep me up, which is doing the work that will directly impact the people of America.


By the way, her plan is for everybody to work for the government effectively, because that is the only job gain we saw last month. As it turns out, there was net job loss in private payrolls. Private payrolls dropped by 28,000 last month. It was only the government that hired up. Otherwise, it would've been a net job loss last month. Meanwhile, remember that video a second ago where apparently JD Vance is super duper duper evil, like truly evil. He wants to silence dissent. It's very hard to make that case when you watch JD Vz on the trail. It really is. JD is super smart and he's quite personable and he's very good with humans. He was with Joe Rogan yesterday, and honestly he did great. I mean, like, he's really good at this. So here was JD Vz talking about the democratic leadership silencing people.


What's happened in the, in the modern Democratic party, at least at the leadership level, is they've gotten really comfortable with the idea of silencing people who disagree with him. Such to the point where like, it's not even that Tim Waltz thinks that hate speech should be censored. It's that the governor of a state could utter that phrase without recognizing how fundamentally subjective it is, right? We're, yes, or Hillary Clinton saying that we want to censor misinformation. She has come out and explicitly said that we have to censor disinformation and misinformation, or we lose total control, or we lose like, Hey, you're not supposed to have total telegraphing total control. Exactly the whole point. That's the whole point. We don't want people to have total control and they, they can utter it without the American media going completely.


Bananas just suggests there's something broken about the political culture of the left. You know, that guy totally seems like he's gonna be a 30 year dictator, just slap a white beard on him and go into the future. And it turns out all of Florida is underwater. These people. But here's the thing, in real time, they're ruining things in real time. They're ruining things, okay? The, the DEI that has been embraced by the entire left has wrecked companies. Boeing yesterday had to announce that they're dismantling di, their diversity department, like completely dismantling it, their global diversity, equity, and inclusion department. Why? Because they found out that it was a giant fail. They figured out that it was actually really bad for business, that it caused people to hire the wrong people.


That it created massive regulatory problems with the business. Okay? These are, these are all the principles of democratic politics brought to the fore. The same thing holds true, by the way, with regard to the antisemitism that the Democratic party has refused to quash in. Its missed, maybe the most shocking undercover story of the day comes courtesy of the Washington Free Beacon, which does amazing reporting. You remember earlier this year, Columbia University's president minutia Shafiq, she had to testify before Congress. She had made a fool of herself by allowing Columbia to be taken over by the tens, by the pro Kamas. Well, now apparently it has come out the Senate majority leader Chuck Schumer, who proclaims that he is, you know, obviously 'cause he's Jewish, it means he's pro-Israel and pro Jew and everything.


Senate Majority leader, Chuck Schumer quietly advised Columbia University's leaders to quote, keep heads down and ignore congressional criticism of the school's handling of campus anti-Semitism. He told former university President Minutiae Shafiq that the school's political problems are really only among Republicans according to a new House committee on education and workforce reports. So again, instead of you worrying about actual antisemitism in Columbia University, which was quite real since people were being threatened, there were entire spaces there were blocked Jews. Instead of that, instead of that, Chuck Schumer literally wrote to her and said, keep your head down. The only people worried about antisemitism are Republicans.


I'm telling you Jews who are thinking about voting for the Democratic Party, man, just to understand who you're voting for, truly understand who you're voting for. Egregious stuff. Speaking of which, it only took like a week for officials to announce that it was a hate crime and terrorism. When an illegal immigrant shouting Alahu Akbar shot a Jewish man in West Rogers Park. Remember, there were no tweets from Kamala Harris over this. There are no tweets from Joe Biden over this. None there. Zero zip, zilch because one type of hatred is considered, you know, kind of intersectional on the American left. Alright guys, coming up, we'll be show by Andrew Klavin. He's gonna tell us his take on the election. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual annual plans.


Click that link in the description and join us.