
In, a world where traditional values are under siege. It's crucial to stay sharp mentally and physically. Enter responsible man, a Daily, Wire, Ventures company that understands what it means to be a pillar of strength. In. these challenging times they've created the Emerson multivitamin, not for the faint of heart, but for men who shoulder their responsibilities with pride. The Emerson Multivitamin contains 33 key ingredients that work in harmony to fortify your immune system, sharpen your mental acuity, and maintain the strength of your heart and muscles. It's not just a vitamin, it's fuel for the culture battle that we face every day. And here's something to make you stand just a little taller. Every Emerson multivitamin is proudly made in the US of a no compromises, no shortcuts, just pure American craftsmanship. Take advantage of responsible Man's fall sale. Visit Responsible Man dot com and use code Daily Wire to get 30% off plus an additional $9 off your first order. But. hurry, because this deal won't last long. Start your journey to better health and a stronger America with responsible man vitamins. That's Responsible Man dot com code Daily Wire for 30% off, plus an additional $9 off your first order. Responsible Man because true strength comes from within.


So yesterday, Israel's National Intelligence Agency Mossad pulled off what has to be the single most hilarious and effective and targeted military operation probably in world history. I'll get to it in a second.


First, this is it. The final day for you to take advantage of our presidential deal. 47% off NEW Annual DailyWire plus memberships. The most critical election of our lifetime is 47 days away. You need the truth now more than ever. This is where you go to get it. Join the fight right now. Go to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. Use code, fight for 47% off your new annual membership.


So yesterday, Israel pulled off an astonishing operation, truly an astonishing operation. Apparently at some point they must have interdicted something like 4,000 pagers that they knew were going to be distributed by the Lebanese Terror Group. Hezbollah, that's an Iranian backed terror group that has been at war with the West and with Israel continuously for decades. That war has ramped up over the course of the last year since October 7th. Hezbollah has spent the last year or so firing some 8,000 rockets into Northern Israel. Such heavy rocket fire that not only have dozens of people been killed, Israel has basically evacuated 80 to a hundred thousand people from the north of Israel, thanks to Hezbollah's Predations. Hezbollah's also armed with something like 200,000 rockets and maybe 50,000 that are specifically targeting capable meaning they could actually target towers in Tel iv.


So Hezbollah is a very large, very powerful tarot group, and they actually help control the Lebanese government on behalf of the Iranian government. So Hezbollah has been at war with Israel for a very long time. They have used indiscriminate rocket fire in order to kill civilians in Israel, including most recently in Maal Shas, which is an Israeli Arab village in the Golan Heights where 12 kids were recently killed by Hezbollah. Well, yesterday Israel pulled off what has to be one of the great intelligence operations of all time. Now listen, Mossad has become sort of a byword for effective intelligence agency pulling off astonishing operations over the course of the last few years. For example, the Israeli masad somehow infiltrated the Iranian nuclear facilities technological specs, such that they were able to insert a virus into the nuclear program of the Iranian regime.


And they were able to essentially feed back, loop a bunch of bad data and hold up the developments of the Iranian nuclear program. For years, it was a, it was a virus called Stuxnet that they got uploaded in some creative way. And then just a few months ago, they killed Ismail Hania, who is the political head of Hamas. They killed him. He lived in Qatar. He had traveled to Tehran for the inauguration of the new Iranian president, and he was staying at the guest quarters essentially in Tehran. And Israel somehow had planted a bomb in the bedroom of the guest quarters. They waited until Hania was in there with his bodyguard at 2:00 AM not gonna make any implications, but, and both of them end up dead. So Israel is very, very good at this.


Yesterday they pulled off what has to be the single most targeted, astonishing, and hilarious military intelligence operation of all time. Now, first of all, it would take a heart of stone not to cry and not to not to laugh at at what I'm about to say. I understand there are people out there today who are upset. If you laugh at this, you should be laughing at this. The people who were damaged yesterday were targeted in the most specific targeted strike in the history of urban warfare in history. Without a doubt. Not only that, I will just say there is nothing immoral about laughing or shortening over terrorists who get their balls blown off. There's nothing immoral about that.


As it says in Proverbs 11, when the righteous prosper, the city rejoices, they shout for joy when the wicked die, or in Psalms 58, 58, 10, the righteous will be glad when they're avenged, when they bathe their feet in the blood of the wicked. Or perhaps Deuteronomy 32, rejoice own nation with his people, for he will avenge the blood of his servants. He'll take vengeance on his enemies and make atonement for his land and his people. And if you happen to be a devotee of the New Testament, revelations 18 suggest rejoice overheard. This is the fall of Babylon. Oh heaven. And you saints an apostles and prophets for God has pronounced judgment against her on your behalf. Beyond that, there is something politically useful in laughing at terrorists because the reality is what they deeply desire is fear and respect, and nothing undermines fear and respect more than laughter.


Well, this incident deserves not only laughter, it deserves celebration in the west because it turns out that when a western power, which Israel certainly is, blows the balls off something like 2,800 terrorists in a simultaneous pager attack. That's funny. It's funny and it's effective and it's targeted. You're seeing people out today, the Edward Snowdens of the world, who effectively is a Russian agent and always has been suggesting that this is a danger to the world. What Israel did, no, it most assuredly is not. It's the most targeted military operation in history. You don't have to worry that your iPhone is gonna blow up in your pocket because number one, you don't work for Hezbollah. And number two, your iPhone does not have the components necessary to blow up in your pocket.


That's not how this operation was carried out. When you see tool bags like the editor of current affairs, tweeting Israel had absolutely no idea who would be standing nearby when these beepers exploded. Now they had a pretty good idea because the beepers are on the bodies of the terrorists. It turns out you don't get a beeper in the year 2024 unless you are a Hezbollah terrorist in Lebanon. How many beepers have you seen recently? I understand that there might be some retro folks who are still using beepers from 1998. Let's just say this is not a device in general use. And the reason that all of these Hezbollah terrorists were carrying around beepers is because back in February, Israel had so thoroughly hacked Hezbollah's communications networks via things like iPhones that Hezbollah's terror chief has nara.


He had actually told his people to stop using modern devices and go back to a beeper system, is one of the things that terrorists and Hamas and Hezbollah do these mass rapists and murderers. One of the things that they do is they go low tech in order to avoid high tech surveillance. There was only one problem, which is that Mossad is really, really good at what they do. So here is what happened. According to the Wall Street Journal, pagers carried by thousands of Hezbollah operatives exploded at about the same time Tuesday afternoon and what appeared to be an unprecedented attack. Authorities had injured almost 2,800 people and killed nine across Lebanon. Many of the affected pagers were from a new shipment the group received in recent days. People familiar with the matter said a Hezbollah officials said many fighters had such devices adding.


Some people felt the pagers heat up and disposed of them before they burst. Hezbollah and a number of the pagers carried by its members exploded simultaneously at 3:30 PM local time. It couldn't immediately be determined what caused the blasts, which were spread out across the country in several areas where Hezbollah has a heavy presence. Now again, normies don't carry beepers. The reason these people were carrying beepers is because they were handed them by the Hezbollah higher ups. At some point in the supply chain, Israel must have interdicted ordering the production process interdicted these particular beepers, knowing that they were going to be handed out to the Hezbollah fighters. This must have been done months, if not a year in advance, and put some sort of small explosive, like just a couple of grams of explosive plus some material near the battery, such that when the battery was prompted by code to heat up, it exploded the small amount of explosive that was in the pager.


Now, the reason that I suggest that many balls were blown off here and that there will be many unsatisfied 72 virgins in heaven apparently is because of course men tend to wear their beepers near that area. If you've got your beeper in your pocket, yeah, that that would be the issue. Hezbollah and Lebanese government blamed Israel for the attack. Both said civilians were killed. Okay, well, in any military operation in an urban area, civilians will be killed. If the terrorist wounded and killed two civilians, wounded and killed, ratio is on the order of say 500 to one. That would make this the most successful targeted operation in the history of urban warfare. By far, it's not even close.


If Israel had sent precise snipers into Lebanon to kill Hezbollah terrorists at this scale, many more civilians would have died than in this particular operation, just from the ricochets alone. It turns out warfare is really ugly and really bad. If you could carry out a targeted operation where literally the only people carrying the devices work for Hezbollah and you blow up the devices, there is no more tar targeted operation that is possible. It is not even possible to target it anymore. Which is why when you see people who are now expressing outrage at the operation, understand what they're outraged at is Israel defending itself. That's all. They're not outraged at the human cost of war. If they were, they would've been outraged by the 8,000 rockets that are being indiscriminately fired into Israel by Hezbollah.


They'd be outraged by the fact that the Houthis are shooting missiles into the middle of Israel. You don't see any of that outrage. Hell, they'd be outraged about what? What's going on in the Congo? They're not. The reason they're upset is because Israel is good at what it does. And actually Israel's discriminant makes them more upset because the more discriminate Israel is, the more it demonstrates that Israel actually does care about human life way more than its enemies do. This is one of the things that boggles so many minds about the war in Gaza. Israel has pursued the single most humane war in the history of warfare in Gaza. Now, humane war is inev inevitably a bit of an oxymoron because war is never humane. But if you are going to pursue a war telling people in advance that you are about to come into an area helping to evacuate those areas, providing food to the people who leave those areas using precise, targeted munitions on specific terrorists such that the terrorist to civilian death ratio is 1.62, one, that is the most humane war it's possible to fight.


Now, there's no such thing again as a fully humane war, because the most humane war is the one that doesn't get fought. But it turns out that when a terrorist group overruns a boundary and kills 1200 people and takes 250 hostages and murders, hostages in tunnels, and continues to fire rockets and continues to flood the zone with military munitions, it turns out that that tends to provoke a war. So the actual answer to stopping this war would be to let Israel finish the war. It turns out, by the way, that the best way to achieve peace in the Middle East is through victory. This happens to be true in every military conflict. The best way to achieve peace is victory. This has always been true, always.


Folks, the best way to achieve peace in the Middle East is through victory. And it turns out that the best way to achieve economic prosperity is peace, which is why a Harrison administration is likely going to be a disaster for your finances. We are now looking at a proposed top income tax rate under Kamala Harris. A nearly 40%, a 7% hike in corporate taxes and a capital gains tax on unrealized gains unconstitutional and insane. But wait, there's more. Kamala Harris would love to add almost $2 trillion to already staggering $2 trillion deficit. It's like they're trying to speed run the collapse of our economy. Now I know what you're thinking, which is BEN. How can I protect my money? Well, again, this is where our friends at Birch Gold Group come in. Birch Gold can help you convert your existing IRA or 401k into a gold IRA. That's correct. A tax sheltered inflation resistant golden ticket to financial security. Here's the kicker, you don't pay a penny out of pocket for the conversion. Look, I've been working with Birch Gold for years. They are the real deal. They understand that in times like these, you need to take control of your financial future. So here's what you do. Text the word bend to 98. 98 98. You get a free info kit on gold, no strings attached. Listen up 'cause this is important. This is the final month for you to get your hands on a limited edition, 24 karat gold plated truth bomb with qualifying purchases. Text BEN to 98. 98 98 to claim your eligibility before September 30th, in the time of high taxes and high inflation, protect your savings with gold from Birch Gold Text BEN to 98. 98 98 today for your free info kit.


The notion that stopping short and signing a peace agreement is the way to provide a long-term victory. It may work on rare occasions, it would be particularly rare. There's a point that has been made by by military historians. People always talk about, you know, the the Burdensome Versailles Treaty after World War I and how if it hadn't been so burdensome and the peace deal had been more nice to Germany than there would've been a World War ii or alternatively, it turns out that after World War II, Germany was literally divided down the middle. Its entire military infrastructure was destroyed and the West effectively occupied West Germany and there hasn't been a war on the continent since until Ukraine really. So, you know, and there hasn't been one involving Germany since, for sure.


Turns out victory is a great way to win peace. And it turns out a great way to win respect in the Middle East is through operations like the one that Israel just carried out. The sort of memes that you are seeing by the way from the Arab world about the inefficacy of Hezbollah are amazing. I mean, some of those memes include the fact that Hezbollah had shot some rockets into Israel fairly recently, big barrage into Northern Israel because all the civilians had been evacuated. All they ended up doing was killing some chickens at some sort of chicken farm. And so the, the joke that was going around apparently on Arab Telegram was Hezbollah took out the chicken. So Israel took out the eggs, which is fair. Now the reality is this is not gonna solve the underlying problem with regard to Lebanon and Hezbollah. In fact, this operation was originally, apparently meant to be the initiation of a broader Israeli operation, intended to push Hezbollah north of Latanya River in accordance, by the way, with UN resolutions.


Remember, southern Lebanon was supposed to be abandoned by Hezbollah and in control of the UN after Israel's last incursion into Lebanon, which happened in 2006. So the UN was supposed to make sure that that place was not REM militarized. Of course, the UN effectively works for the organization of Islamic countries and particularly in the Middle East, works for terror regimes. This is why the UN Rwa A is basically just Hamas front group. So the UN was supposed to guarantee through il no armed forces in the area south of La Tani River, which is southern Lebanon, and promptly the entire thing got filled by Hezbollah. So Israel has every right to go and restore its own security in the north. This operation originally was supposed to be the lead off to a broader operation Lebanon.


It may still be, we don't know the answer to that. However, apparently it was prompted in terms of its urgency by the fact that a couple of Hezbollah fighters looked at their pagers and they were heating up and they were like, I don't know what's going on here. And they started to report it. And so Israel basically had to use the operation to lose the operation, I think was basically the idea. According to the Wall Street Journal, ambulances soon wad through the streets of central Beirut. Hundreds of people gathered outside emergency rooms at hospitals across the city, or some of the most severe injuries were sent from around the country. At American University of Beirut Medical Center. Ambulances pulled up every few minutes for several hours along with black SUVs with tinted windows. An off-duty soldier said he was with a friend in a car in a suburban southern Beirut. His friend stopped to enter a shop as he stepped out, his pager blew up, injuring him.


The soldier was waiting up for news outside of hospital in Beirut. Now again, the, the injuries typically have been, there have been some blinding. If people took their pager out, if terrorists took their pager out and looked at it, hit him in the face, if they didn't quite make it to their face, then blew off hands if they didn't pick it up outta their pocket at all, blew off some balls. And bottom line is this is again the single most targeted operation in military history. There's nothing like it. Okay? Every other battle that takes place where only members of military die are an open war in the field. The thing about Hezbollah kamaal, they operate from civilian areas. They deliberately hide behind civilians. So the fact that civilian casualty on this one is so low is indicative of just how seriously Israel actually takes civilian life and also the extent of the targeting.


There are certain reports suggesting that the devices were imported some five months ago that Sky News Arabia, apparently the Masad Spy Agency got hold of Hezbollah's communication devices before they were handed over to the tarot group. And then they placed a quantity of PETN, which is a highly explosive material on the batteries of the device. And then they detonated them by raising the temperature of the batteries from afar. So forget about moronic takes like that from Edwards Snowden. This was just basically Israel remotely blowing up phones by heating up the batteries. Don't worry, your phone is not gonna blow up in your pocket because of the Israelis. If you're an antisemite, by the way, I, I highly suggest that you throw out your phone. Really Go for it. Like take all the Israeli technology out of every product you own and welcome back to the Dark Ages.


I hope you enjoy it. The reality is, of course, that Israel carried out this operation because Israel has been hamstrung in its operations in Lebanon. That is why Israel carried out an operation like this, which goes to a broader failure of American military policy. I mean, this is hilarious and it's amazing and it'll make an amazing Hollywood film How you infiltrate an entire supply of pagers just for Hezbollah. And you use a device that no civilian would use because again, it is the year 2024 when no one has a pager. The the fact that that Hezbollah devices were blown up all at one time and that suddenly poof a bunch of terrorists were on the ground. That's an amazing story. However, it is also indicative of higher levels of conflict in the Middle East. Remember, the Red Sea has now been abandoned by the United States and our allies to the Houthis, a ragtag group of terrorists who the State Department refuses to relist as a terrorist organization.


Remember, the Chinese are on the move. Remember, the Russians are on the move. This is because Joe Biden and Kamala Harris are unbelievably weak and terrible on foreign policy. Walter Russell Mead writes in the Wall Street Journal today, the news from abroad is chilling. Washington Post columnist David Ignatius reports from Kyiv Ukraine is bleeding out as its weary. Soldiers struggle against numerically superior Russia. The New York Times reports China is expanding the geographical reach and escalating violence in its campaign to drive Philippine forces from islands and shoals that Beijing Illegitimately claims Washington officials are fearful. Russia will help Iran cross the finish line in its race for nuclear weapons. These stories all from liberal news allies, generally favorable to the Biden administration, tell a tragic and terrifying tale of global failure on the part of the US and its allies.


China, Russia, Iran are stepping up their attacks on what remains of the Pax Americana and continue to make gains at the expense of Washington and its allies around the world. Now why is all of this happening? Well, it turns out that we have political failure, strategic inadequacy, and growing American weakness. According to a newly released report from the Commission on the National Defense Strategy, the report says the US faces the most serious and most challenging threat since 1945, including the real risk of near term major war. The report warns the nation was last prepared for such a fight during the Cold War, which ended 35 years ago. It is not prepared today. So says Walter Russell Mead. To summarize, world War III is becoming more likely in the near term.


The US is too weak either to prevent it or should war come to be confident a victory. Again, this isn't new and this isn't shocking. The reality is that the Biden Harris administration has gone to sleep. They believe that talking with America's enemies is somehow magically a solution. That is not the way any of this works. They're guided by complete dunderhead, morons like Thomas Friedman, a man who gets all of his foreign policy knowledge in the back of taxi cabs in Beirut. The fact that Thomas Friedman is taken seriously by folks in the Biden administration demonstrates just how dumb folks in the Biden administration are. Freedman says, for example, in his latest column, which came out yesterday, he's talking about instability in the Middle East.


He says about Israel hitting Hezbollah members just when US diplomats are trying to quiet the battlefield in physical space, the one in cyberspace erupts today. Getting all the interests of these entities aligned at once to secure a ceasefire in Gaza is as easy as getting all the same colors lined up on one side of a Rubik's cube. So we need a lot of allies. That's that's according to Thomas Friedman. Or alternatively, you let your allies win. It turns out that's a great strategy. Historically speaking, letting your allies win is an awesome strategy for actual victory. This notion that Thomas Friedman and his genius Cory of diplomats, the Anthony Blinken and Phil Gordons of the world are gonna go over to the Middle East and somehow get Hamas, which wants to extricate Israel and Hezbollah, which wants to eliminate Israel.


And the Houthis whose actual slogan is death to the Jews to get on the same page as Israel. That's not going to happen. So the question is, what are you gonna do about it? Or rather, what are you going to let Israel do about it? The same thing, by the way, happens to be true with regard to Russia and Ukraine. The Biden administration has been slow walking weaponry this entire war. Now again, you wanna make the case that the United States should have put more pressure on Ukraine to basically surrender Don Bass and Crimea without somehow ensuring further Russian aggression. You can make that case. That's not the case. The Biden administration made. The case the Biden administration made is that Ukraine has to win and then they will withhold enough weaponry for Ukraine to even have a chance of winning despite Ukraine's heroic holding out against Russian aggression.


You know, we need some better people on our foreign policy team because the current folks just suck.


And that may be true of your business as well. You need the best employees and you need it to happen right now like fast. 'cause you can't wait around for the best employees. And this is where ZipRecruiter comes in. ZipRecruiter knows how to get things done quickly and efficiently and just cast a wide net and hope for the best ZipRecruiter. Cutting edge technology actively seeks candidates with the skills and experience you need. If you're a business owner, you know it takes a ton of time to build your business and hire for it. It's hard to find the right people and it's hard to actually hire them when you do find them. With ZipRecruiter the hiring part way faster. See for yourself, four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the very first day. Right now you can Try ZipRecruiter for FREE at this exclusive web address ZipRecruiter dot com slash DailyWire. Once again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash DailyWire. We've been using ZipRecruiter for years here at Daily Wire. It's why we run an increasingly efficient business year after year. You constantly have to make your business better. Unlike the federal government, you actually have to be good at what you do. Go check out ZipRecruiter right now for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash DailyWire and give it a spin ZipRecruiter dot com slash DailyWire to get started.


And whatever you believe about the outbreak of the war, Vladimir Putin invaded a sovereign country and tried to take Kiev. He continues to try to do that. According to the Wall Street Journal, the number of Ukrainians and Russians killed or wounded in the grinding two and a half year war has now reached roughly 1 million. What is the United States doing? Again? Slow walking. This is, by the way, like the number one failed strategy of the Vietnam War. There's a strategy that was used during the Vietnam War. It was called graduated escalation. The basic idea was that if we gradually ratchet up the pressure on the Vietcong, then they would eventually give up cry uncle and go home. It didn't work because it turns out that if you incrementally increase pain, people don't feel it as much.


Shock and awe actually is a better military strategy. Overwhelming force is a much better military strategy. And yet when it came to Ukraine, the US and its allies decided they wanted to back Ukraine. And that's, that's a choice. They decided they wanted to back Ukraine. If you're going to do that, you have to provide them the material necessary to force Putin to the table. You can't do that by slow walking aid the way the Biden did denying particular weapon systems. And he's doing the exact same thing with Israel against Hamas, which is even more amazing given the fact that Hamas isn't armed with nuclear weapons. At least you can make the case that if you go too hard against Russia, maybe Putin will go nuts and fire off a nuke. He has demonstrated by the way that he's not not going to do that. He keeps threatening it. It ain't gonna happen. But Kamas does not have nuclear weapons.


Neither does Hezbollah. It turns out the single easiest decision in the history of American foreign policy would be to back your Democratic ally in the face of predatory terror groups threatening its borders sufficient so they can wreck those groups, which would, by the way, be great for the people of Lebanon who have been subjected to the tender mercies of Hezbollah and Iran for 40 years now. Beirut used to be a nice place, now it's a hellhole. That's because of Hezbollah. The same thing happens to be true of Iran generally. Iran generally has a population that is wildly anti regime, and yet the Biden Harris administration continues to make overtures to Iran. This is all incompetence. The United States is the single most powerful force in world history where the United States puts its thumb on the scale, absolutely matters.


And what's become very, very clear is that allies of the United States will have to act on their own. And that's when the story of the last several months in all of foreign policy, Israel is acting on its own. And by the way, it should because he can't trust the Biden Harris administration not to leak what it's doing to the Iranians. That's how bad things are. And when it comes to Ukraine, Vladimir Zelensky has basically been saying to the Biden administration, listen, you're not giving us what won fund. We'll just go into Russia and then maybe when you try to broker a peace deal, then we'll do some land swaps, right? We'll give back the land that we're occupying in Russia and they'll give back some of the land they're occupying in Ukraine. But we're not listening to you anymore because you're not giving us what we want. It turns out that alliances require support, actual support, not just verbal support, not just empty verbiage.


And this is the problem with Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris will be awful as president. Awful. We're in the middle of an election cycle that is basically deadlocked right now. Anybody who's telling you this election is over and Kamala Harris is definitely gonna win his lying view. It's not true. It's not what the stats show. Nate Silver's studies right now still suggest that while Kamala Harris Harris is gaining in the post debate polls, the chances that Shahi wins the election are still minority. Right now, according to the forecast, Donald Trump still has a 56% shot of winning an electoral college majority according to Nate Silver's forecast. Now that may change, but that's the current stats. Anybody pretending that Kamala is running away with this thing is lying to you, which is why it absolutely matters.


It absolutely matters what she says and what she does and why the media don't cover any of it. So yesterday she did a q and a at the National Association of Black Journalists. Now you remember that Trump also did a q and A at the NABJ and he was basically grilled by the moderators. She went and she got the absolute massage, which you knew she was gonna get. and she had many things to say. None of them particularly relevant except for what she had to stand foreign policy So. she was asked about the situation Israel, Gaza, and she said she gave, she kind of paid the the usual lip service to Israel, having a right to defend itself Here was what she said. And then we'll show you why she's lying. And yes, so I have said Israel has a right to defend itself.


We would and but Madam Vice President finish, I think my ask is the difference finish between finish between aggression and defense. It's important to put it in context, which is what I'm doing and I'll get to that. And so how it does so matters and far too many innocent Palestinians have been killed. Women and children, we have seen with horror the images coming outta Gaza. And we have to take that seriously. And we have to agree that not only must we end this war, but we have to have a goal of a two state solution because there must be stability and peace in that reason.


In as much as what we do in our goal is to ensure that Israelis have security and Palestinians and equal measure. One of the things that we have done that I am entirely supportive of is the pause that we've put on the 2000 pound bombs. And so there is some leverage that we have had and used. Okay, So, she, she has nothing to say except she's gonna just jabber about a deal. And the only measure she says that was good that they have taken is denying Israel weapons in the middle of a war. If you think that lady is gonna stand up to international terrorism, you got another thought coming. And if you don't think that radically increases the chances of massive war in the Middle East, that is totally wrong.


What increases the chances of war always end forever is a perception by one side that they can beat the other side or do heavy damage to the other side, disproportionate to the damage they will take. That is the reason you enter a war. Hamas entered a war against Israel believing that they would receive the overwhelming support of Hezbollah in the north, which didn't come. They went into the war believing that they would more quickly be able to turn public opinion and that they would be able to basically exploit the political splits inside the state of Israel in order to get away with doing what they did. That was the logic of the attack. And they miscalculated. It was a massive miscalculation because now half of their entire fighting force has been wiped off the battlefield and their leadership is hiding in bunkers using basically carrier pigeons to communicate with his aides.


But there'll be a lot more of those misperceptions in the near future because the single most powerful military force in the history of the world is the United States. When the United States withdraws from the arena, a vacuum occurs. That vacuum comes along with an enormous amount of misperception. It means that you believe that you can get away with things just like in any other situation where there's an authority figure. If the authority figure steps out of the room, chaos ensues because somebody attempts to fill the power vacuum. Well, it turns out that when there is no actual controlling power, a bunch of chaos ensues. Bad things happen.


You know what is a bad thing? If you're not taking care of your health, you like that transition. I know you did. So here's the deal. Your body needs more than just kale smoothies to operate at its best. And that's why I wanna tell you about momentous. I'm not a fads or gimmicks guy. I believe in hard work and results, which is exactly what momentous, creatine Omega-3 M protein deliver. These three supplements deliver nearly every aspect of foundational health from aiding cognitive function to reducing muscle and joint inflammation. My good friend and colleague Christine, is a triathlete and a mom to a toddler, which is a lot. And she's been taking these supplements daily, which means she's not only crushing it on her Peloton every morning, she's also dominating at work. It's like a secret weapon for high performers who want to outwork the competition. Now, in a world of questionable products, momentous does stand out. They work with only the best experts in the business. They use only the highest quality ingredients. What's on the label is what's in the product and nothing else. Straight facts, no nonsense. Here's something that impresses me. Momentous heavily invest in third party testing, which means they hold their products to the standard set by the most demanding organizations in the world, including the NFL and the NBA, which means some of the world's best athletes are using and have even helped develop momentous products. So if you wanna take supplements that are made by and used by the best in the world, go to live momentous.com/shapiro or use Coach Shapiro for 20% off. That's live momentous.com/shapiro.


Also, you know, you've got this old car, it's out in the driveway. You haven't used it in a long time, right? It's like rusting over. It's a piece of junk, you just wanna get rid of it. But have you thought about getting rid of it lately? Just get rid of it. How? Well you go talk with folks at Cars for Kids who wants to deal a hassle of selling a car. If you have that car that's just taking up space in your driveway, you should consider donating it to Cars for kids. They make donating your car really easy. You barely need to be involved at all. Give 'em a call. Or better yet, donate your car@carsforkids.org slash BEN. That's cars with a K. All it takes is two minutes. You put in your information, they schedule pickup for a time that works for you as soon as the next day. Then you get a vacation voucher and a tax deduction. And Cars for Kids has done this over a million times. So you can trust you're in good hands with Cars for Kids. Call now one, eight, seven, seven Cars for Kids. KARS, cars for Kids. Or donate online@carsforkids.org slash BEN. Donate your car today. Again, you just got this piece of junk that's in the front yard. Why not just get rid of it? Your wife's been yelling at you about it for like three years. Just get rid of it. Get the tax deduction. 1 8, 7, 7 cars for kids. KARS, cars for kids or zone out online@carsforkids.org slash BEN.


So you'll see people pushing every boundary. You'll see enemy states oriented against the United States and her allies attempting to ratchet up tensions. See how far they can go. In the words of Stalin push where there's mush. Well, the more mush Harris has shown, the more America's enemies are pushing. And you will see this China, by the way, going after the Philippines, is an attempt to basically take control of all the major shipping lanes on planet Earth. You think this doesn't matter to you and your daily life. The reality is you're already paying more for product right now just in your daily life. You're paying more for product because everything is not getting shipped via the Suez Canal. It's now going around the Horn of Africa. All the shipping has changed, making it more expensive. Imagine if that happens with, for example, the Straits of Malaka.


Okay? The the Straits of Malaka are located in an area in which the Chinese are attempting to exert more and more influence. The South China Sea, which is essentially the major shipping lane for nearly all world trade. China is attempting to basically stranglehold that area. The Taiwan Strait, a massive shipping lane. China is taking control of a huge number of global shipping lanes. And then they're going to exploit that. And they will do that because of American weakness. That is in fact the goal. Kamala Harris is weak. Joe Biden is weak. Their weakness leads to dead people on all sides, by the way, because it turns out more people in Lebanon will die if Hezbollah gets more aggressive.


'cause that's the way that war works. But all this, all this comes down to Kamala Harris is again just another face on the idiot machine that is the democratic media complex. She's just a face on that. Okay? She's a big nothing burger. Everyone knows she's a nothing burger. In fact, there's a brand new pull out showing that she is really underwater with independence. I think the American people are seeing through this, which is again, why it is incumbent on Donald Trump to run a very focused campaign. We have 47 days until the election people are already voting. Focus, focus, focus. Kamala Harris is not a popular figure. She's not brat, she's not joy, she's not happiness. Independents don't like her. Gallup poll, favorability ratings. Donald Trump is currently at 46% favorable.


53% unfavorable. Kamala Harris Harris, this is a Gallup, okay? Is not a right wing. Polls isn't Rasmussen, Kamala Harris is at 44% favorable and 54% unfavorable So. she is two points less favorable than Donald Trump. And among independents, Donald Trump is at a minus nine. He's 44% favorable, 53% unfavorable. Kamala Harris is at a negative net 25, 30 5% favorable, 60% unfavorable, 60% unfavorable. Vice presidential candidates walls is more popular slightly than jd. Who cares about the VP candidates? That doesn't matter. Kamala Harris is unpopular because everybody knows she's an empty vessel. She's an empty vessel.


She's a person who represents the hard left of her party, but she's lying about it. And she's just a mush mouth. All she does all day is just spew, spew trash, actual tripe, and then pretend that it's policy. So that's what she actually did at the National Association of Black Journalists. This is why I continued to maintain that it was a political sin not to crush her in that debate that sin can be overcome with a meticulous campaign from here for the rest of the campaign. No more missed opportunities because Kamala Harris off script is a debacle. She's a debacle here. She was again asked by the NABJ, are you better off than your four years ago? Now, as I said, the single most important moment of the debate between Trump and Harris was Trump missing the opportunity to step on her over this question.


That was the first question she was asked in the debate. She completely avoided it. She ran screaming with her hair on fire from that question if they'd come back to Trump. And he had said, I noticed that she ignored the question, are you better off than you were four years ago? Because I know and you know, and she knows they are not. Then the debate is basically over in the first five minutes. But she still can't answer the question. This is the amazing thing. Wouldn't you imagine that her handlers, her script writers would've come up with a better answer to this question? She still can't answer this question. 'cause everybody knows the answer. That is the systemic obstacle she faces here. She was being asked if you're better off than four years ago, and here's her non-answer. Are they better off now than they were four years ago? So when we came into, well, first of all, let me just say it, it is good to be with the National Association of Black Journalists.


And I thank you for the work you do and that your members do every day. It is very important that we ensure that this organization and your members always have the resources and the platforms to deliver the voices that must be heard. So I thank you for hosting me today. Four years ago when we came in, we came in during the worst unemployment, since the Great Depression. We came in during the worst public health epidemic in centuries. We came in after the worst attack on our democracy since the Civil War.


And a lot of it due in large part to the mismanagement by the former president as it relates to covid. Okay? So none, None of this is true. Okay? But, and obviously notice the things you want just goes on just blabs like this, okay? The answer in a normal election cycle is, sure, of course you're better off than you were four years ago. Four years ago the things were this bad today things are this great. She doesn't do that 'cause she can't give that answer and everybody knows it. That's why her campaign is actually falling flat. Don't make the mistake of thinking that just because she's running better than an actual dead person, Joe Biden, that means that her campaign is wildly successful. It is not. Her campaign is DOA if only that can be exploited. Why? Well, because she has to run on Joe Biden's record. It's the only record she's got.


You know, when you form a a sort of investment fund, one of the things you have to do to show prospective investors what it is that you are going to do is your investment record. Or you have to sh the people who who formed the fund have to show how they've used money in the past and why it would be a good idea to invest with them for the future. Kamala Harris does not have a record other than the record of the administration in which she's currently vice president. So when she says things like, I have a new approach, which is the thing she said yesterday, who believes this? Unless you are unbelievably dumb, unless you are insipid beyond belief. Here's Kamala Harris saying she has a new approach. Really, what's your new approach from the administration where you're currently the acting president? You know, we grew up our parents where they had the ability to somehow believe the American dream was attainable, not so much for younger working people.


And I recognize that. So my approach is a new approach, which is to say, let's just take this and deal with it head on. You don't have a new approach. There is no new approach. You're a joke. You're the current vice president of the United States. I mean, she, she can't even answer basic questions like reparations. So unbelievably enough, she's to the left of Barack Obama on this. When Barack Obama was asked about reparations in 2008, he said, reparations is a distraction because it's never going to happen and it's a waste of time. Which is the correct answer. Kamala Harris is like, well, maybe we'll have, you know, when you think about the importance of the past and the, and the future and all the time in between the past and the future, what you realize is that slavery was a thing that happened and has many ramifications for all time, for past, future, present, other dimensions per perhaps.


Here we go On the issue of what we need to do going forward. Look it. First of all, we just need to speak truth about history in spite of the fact that some people who try and erase history and try and teach our children otherwise, we need to speak truth about the generational impact of our history in terms of the generational impact of slavery, the generational impact of, of, of redlining of Jim Crow law. I could go on and on and on. These are facts that have had impact And you shake Your shoulder.


We need to, we need to speak truth about it and we need to speak truth about it in a way that is about deriving solutions. She's like a marionette of herself. Honest to God. It's like to create a marionette of Kamala Harris and it's controlled by the Democratic party and just kinda moves all a little bit like she, she's, she's wild. She's wild. I wonder why it is that she's having such trouble in this election cycle. Well, this means they have to misdirect and they have to misdirect to something. We'll get to that in just one second.


First, our 47% off deal for new Daily Wire plus memberships ends today with the most crucial election of our lifetime. Just 47 days away. You cannot afford to miss this. The mainstream media silence on the unprecedented second assassination attempt on former president of Donald Trump proves why you need the truth now more than ever. They don't want you to know what's really happening. But here at The Daily Wire, we deliver the breaking news and full stories the Leftwing Media ignore. We give you the fact America desperately needs and deserves. So don't miss out on the truth. This is the last day of our presidential deal. Go to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe right now. Use code fight for 47% off your new Daily Wire plus membership before it's gone. That's Daily Wire dot com slash


subscribe code fight. So with this race unbelievably tight and with the second attempted assassination against Donald Trump, the left is in a bit of a pickle because the reality is that Kamala has hit her high watermark. What's she gonna do from here on in? Now, there are not that many undecided people left in this electorate. Harry Anton of CNN was pointing this out yesterday. He was suggesting the number of people who are now currently undecided is lower than at any time in the late stages of any election that we know of. 4% of voters say that they are undecided. That is just half the level that we saw in 2020. Well, less than the 10% we saw at this point in 2016. So the bottom line is, in this particular election, Kamala Harris and Donald Trump are focusing their attention on this tiny, tiny sliver much lower than we're used to.


In fact, it's the lowest level of undecideds that we've seen in polling at this point, this entire 21st century. Okay? So there isn't that much of the electorate left to move, which suggests that both sides really need to be working on their get out the vote operation. But when it comes to the attempted assassination of President Trump, this obviously might be a good time for a bit of self-reflection on the part of the left, which has declared that Trump is in fact orange Hitler. But that's not what's happening. Instead, it's a doubling down. It's a doubling down in attempt to get out the base, which is in fact a pretty dangerous strategy. So for example, M-S-N-B-C had on a brigadier general named Steve Anderson once again, calling Donald Trump a Nazi. But since six, six January things have changed.


And insurrection, I'd said, now's the time to step up. I mean, what are we gonna do? We're gonna wait until the jack boots are marching down the street and the brown shirts come rolling out. Are kids getting enrolled in Trump youth? Is that, is that the time to start getting involved? Okay, so again, they keep going with the sort of rhetoric. In fact, KARE Jean Pierre was specifically asked by Peter Ducey about all of this yesterday, and she then claimed that it was dangerous to even ask the question, How many more assassination attempts on Donald Trump tell the president and the vice president? And you pick a different word to describe Trump other than threat, If anything, from this administration. I actually completely disagree with the premise of your question.


The question that you're asking it is also incredibly dangerous in the way that you're asking it because American people are watching It's, it is dangerous to ask that. How dare you ask a question about the kind of rhetoric that we use that may in fact generate crazy people to do crazy things. Again, it's not your fault if you don't call for violence and somebody takes your words and twists them and use them for violence. However, raising the temperature does have some predictable side effects, obviously. And now the reason that the left won't let go of this particular argument is because they wanna keep making it. They wanna keep making the argument over and over to their base that Donald Trump is an actual abject threat to the Republic of the United States and that he's evil and terrible.


And so they focused in on as like tip of the spear of the evil Trumpian threat. What's going on in Springfield, Ohio? So Alejandro Mayorca is the Secretary of Homeland Security. He says that one of the big issues in the country right now is that Springfield, Ohio feels threatened. My colleagues in the department have been in touch with the mayor of Springfield. We're concerned about the situation their schools have closed. The community is, is feeling extraordinarily threatened. They've received bomb threats and other threats of, of violence based on false statements. Okay? So again, this is the the pitch. The pitch is that Donald Trump is uniquely evil because he said something about eating the dogs and the cats in Springfield.


And Kamala Harris retailed this argument again at the National Association of Black Journalists. She says that what she's fighting for, she's actually asked about the assassination attempt on Trump and she immediately swivels it, it into the threat to safety, not against Trump, but against the people of Springfield, Ohio. Despite the fact that every bomb threat called in has been a hoax according to the governor, Mike DeWine. And many of those bomb threats have been called in from overseas, apparently. Do you have full confidence in the secret service? I do. To do protect all of you. I do. You, you feel safe for you and your family? I do, but I mean, you can go back to Ohio. Not everybody has secret service. And there are far too many people in our country right now who are not feeling safe.


I mean, I look at Project 2025 and I look at, you know, like the don't say gay laws coming outta Florida. Members of the L-G-B-T-Q community don't feel safe right now. Immigrants or people with an immigrant background don't feel safe right now. Women don't feel safe right now. And so, yes, I feel safe. I have secret service protection, but that doesn't change my perspective on the importance of, of fighting for the safety of everybody in our country. I mean, that's an absurdity. So Donald Trump, they tried to assassinate him. When I say they, I mean specific assassins tried to assassinate him twice inside of two months.


And her response is, the real threat is not to trump's safety. Because that would mean, I might have to tone down what I'm saying. The real threat is to the residents of Springfield, Ohio. 'cause Trump said something about they're eating the cats, they're eating the dogs. That's the, they don't have secret service protection, says Connell Harris. Truly pretty egregious. Pretty egregious. I noticed that you just placed the onus on the person who you know almost got shot in the head twice and not on yourself for sort of ramping up the Rhetoric.


Mayflower, Cigars, Where. will the voyage take You honor a legacy steeped in tradition and excellence with Mayflower cigars? Each vila is handcrafted, blended, and aged for and until precisely the right time from dawn to dusk, go to Mayflower Cigars dot com today and see where the voyage takes you. You must be 21 years old or older to order Some exclusions apply


Mcc. Kamala Harris has she. She's fighting for our safety and she's fighting for a new wave forward. I'll tell you what, she's not fighting for a better economy 'cause all of her economic plans suck and the current economy is crushing the average American wages. Our flat expenses have been climbing. Paying bills without grabbing a credit card sometimes feels impossible.


Now, if you're a homeowner and you're sick and tired of this financial circus, I have a lifeline for you. It's time to make a 10 minute no obligation. Calls my friends over at American Financing. Here's the kicker. Interest rates are actually coming down. They're now in the low fives. If you're constantly carrying a credit card balance with an interest rate in the twenties, American financing can show you how to put your hard earned equity to work while helping you escape the debt trap that can destroy your life. Their salary based mortgage consultants are saving their customers an average of 800 bucks a month. If you get started today, you might not have to make next month's mortgage payment. Call American Financing today, (866) 721-3300. That's 8 6 6 7 2 1 3300. Or visit american financing.net/shapiro NMLS 1 8 2 3 3 4 nmlsconsumeraccess dot org. APR for rates in the five start at 6.014%. for well qualified borrowers, call 8 6 6 7 2 1 3300 for details about credit costs and terms


to find out what's been going on in Springfield, Ohio. We sent reporter Spencer Lindquist. He's an investigative reporter for The Daily Wire. And correspondent for The Ben. Shapiro Show to Springfield. Spencer, thanks for joining us. Thank you very much for having me. So you've been in Springfield, Ohio and there's been a lot of talk, a lot of conflicting reports about what's going on on the ground and has been pretty much, you know, centered on the, the kind of outlandish accusation that there's mass eating of cats and dogs or kidnapping of pets or something. There have been some allegations I understand from people in Springfield that are unverified and unverifiable. I think at this point as to whether that was actually happening or not, but what is the actual situation in Springfield that requires attention? Well, from every, every resident that I spoke to in Springfield, Ohio, they certainly do feel that there is a threat to their culture, to their way of life, to their social services.


This is an all American town of about 57,000 people, and the estimate right now is anywhere from 15 to 20,000. Haitians have been resettled in their community in just the last couple of years into the Biden Harris administration. So they're certainly feeling the effects. They're seeing the effects on their social services, and they're also feeling the effects on their physical safety. There's one woman who spoke at a city council meeting and she said that she has been followed, she has been groped, and now that she, now she rarely leaves the house without being armed and carrying a dog with her a, a pit bull for protection. Here's what she had to say. I am a disabled elderly woman that has such high anxiety leaving my house that I regularly do that when I do, I'm armed and I have my 200 or my 120 pound pit bull with me.


I have been, I've been followed, I've been groped. I'm 58 years old. The influx has come in so fast and they haven't been educated on our ways, on our laws. They need to know these things. Exactly. So you've got people there who are, are experiencing the effects of this, experiencing the effects of this mass immigration under the Biden Harris administration. And I think important context is that this is a community that voted for Trump overwhelmingly in 2016. They voted overwhelmingly for Trump in 2020. They did not vote for mass immigration. They weren't asked if they wanted 20,000 people from Haiti to be resettled in their communities, but now they're feeling the effects and, and it stems from, they're feeling the effects not just in their public safety, but also they're seeing the drain on their public services.


There's also another woman I spoke with named Tabitha Ellis. She's a homeless woman in Springfield, Ohio, and she says that the resources are going to the Haitians, not to Americans. Here's what she had to say. People like me are homeless. I'm homeless right now, but the Haitians have all the housing. It's not fair. And they're coming to get food here. Yeah. And they take food away from people like me that really need it. So these, these residents are very grateful that there is increased media coverage on this issue. And what so many of them tell me is that they don't know why Springfield, Ohio has become the resettlement ground for these Haitian migrants. It's an all American town. It really could be any American town.


And the fact that we're seeing it here in Springfield and hearing from these residents, it gives a bit of a preview of what more mass immigration under this administration might look like. Well, Spencer, I mean obviously the big question that everybody is asking is about the accusation with regard to the cats and the dogs. You're pointing out much bigger issues in Springfield, Ohio. I mean, I have to ask, did any of the residents express any concerns about their pets, Their pets? You know, I did hear people speak about potential geese and ducks that had gone missing. There have been reports that have come out saying that there were police reports of, of Haitian migrants taking geese and ducks from the park. There was also a pig carcass that was actually found in public view.


You know, of course these are things that are, are very tricky to verify. But we do know that there have been police reports and that this is a concern among the residents, but across the board, those that I spoke to said that really they're grateful that there is more coverage on this area because they're experiencing these issues when it comes to just the, these surgeon population, the, the issues that you'd expect to find when a town of 57,000 people is forced to take in 15 to 20,000 people overnight. And the strain that it puts on their public safety and on their social services. So the residents of Springfield are, are concerned for their wellbeing and they're grateful that there is more coverage and more tension on their town own. Well, Spencer, really appreciate you going over there and reporting on this.


Thanks for the time. Thank you very much. Okay, well, meanwhile again, the goal here for the Biden Harris administration for the Harris campaign in particular is to pretend that the issue doesn't exist by focusing in on the shiny object over here. Presumably the goal of the Trump campaign was to provide the shiny object to get people to sort of ingest the bigger issue. And that is having an impact. The immigration issue is in fact turning toward President Trump. What does this suggest? It suggests that once again, this election is a dead heat. It is a dead heat. And so from here on in, no more shiny objects, just do the thing you need to do. There's a new poll out of Georgia, chose Donald Trump up three points in the real clear politics polling average.


Donald Trump is currently leading in Georgia, North Carolina. He's still up very slightly in Pennsylvania, like dead heat Michigan. He's down by a little under a point in the real clear politics, polling average down by a little over a point in Wisconsin and ahead in Arizona, Nevada is against dead heat. Pretty much every one of these states is inside the margin of error. All of them are in fact within one and a half points in the real clear politics polling average. And that's what actually matters. So if you look at the no toss up map right now, from real clear politics, very, very slight advantage for Trump fans. Anybody who tells you that the debate ended the campaign is missing. The fact that there is so much embedded opinion about these candidates, and that means tiny margins are going to matter.


It also means get out. The vote is gonna matter. So vote early. Really, if you're, if you're worried about being able to vote, day of vote early, get a mail-in ballot, do the thing. Tell all your friends to vote. This is not a year where you wanna lose the presidency by a thousand votes across four states, that would be a historic blown opportunity. Okay, coming up, Sean p Diddy, puffy Combs or something, whoever that guy is, that guy has now been arrested and indicted. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapiro. Checkout for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us Republicans or Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white. Growing up, I never thought much about race.


Never really seemed to matter that much. At least not to me, Am, I, Racist. I would really appreciate it if you love, I'm trying to learn, I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover, say I racist. Joining us now is Matt certified DEI expert. Here's my certifications. And what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. This more for you in this field. Is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington monument to the George Floyd Monument. America is racist to its bones. So inherently, yes, This country is a piece of White folks. Trash white supremacy, white woman, white boy. Is there a black person around or black person right here?


Does he not exist? They say I'm racist. Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Matt. I just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never been too careful. They gonna say you racist. IN THEATERS, NOW rated PG 13 Reasons to Vote for Democrats. A comprehensive guide by Michael Knowles is the most exhaustively researched and coherently argued case for the Democratic Party. To date. The book is one that Donald Trump himself even called a great book for your reading enjoyment. Plus, it's a must have addition to any political observer's coffee table. Head over to Daily Wire dot com slash shop to get your copy today. Warning, this book is intentionally left blank.


Side effects for voting Democrat may include feelings of hopelessness, depression, anxiety, and reduced testosterone, increased crime, higher taxes, rampant abortions, and a strained relationship with your father.