
Sometimes you have to break from tradition to make something better, or in this case, a smoother spirit. Martel Blue Swift is made of French cognac, but because it's finished in bourbon barrels from America, they're not allowed to call it cognac. The shockingly smooth taste is rich and aromatic with stupid hints of toasted old from the bourbon casks, making it perfect for cocktails. Martel, blue Swift, defy expectations. Enjoy our quality responsibly.


Republicans or Nazis, you cannot separate yourselves from the bad white. Make those Growing up, never thought much about race. Never really seem to matter that much, at least not to me,


Am, I, Racist. I would really appreciate it if you love, I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover. Say I'm racist. Joining us now is Matt certified. DEI expert. Here's my certification. What you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. Listen, more for you in this field. Is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington monument to the George Floyd Monument. America is racist to its bones, so inherently, yes, This country is a piece of White folks. Trash white supremacy, white woman, white boy. Is there a black person around or this black person right here? Does he not exist? They'll say I'm racist. Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Matt. I just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never be too careful. They gonna say you racist. Buy your tickets now In theater. September 13th rated PG 13.


Well, if you just look at the polling today in the 2024 presidential race between Kamala Harris and Donald Trump, Kamala Harris now has the advantage by pretty much all of the polls. She has had a major polling upsurge in the aftermath of defendant trading her boss, Joe Biden. The last several polls read Harris plus three Harris plus three, one Trump plus five. That'd be Rasmussen Harris plus two Harris plus three Harris plus four Trump plus one from Fox News. There's also a daily mail poll that is out that shows Trump plus two. Bottom line is this remains a very, very close election. And if you look at the state level polling, what you see is that pretty much all of the major swing states are within margin of error in the real clear politics.


Polling average. As of today, Kamala Harris is ahead in Wisconsin by about a point. Pennsylvania is effectively a dead heat. Michigan Harris is up about two and a half points. Arizona Trump is up a little bit less than a point, and in Georgia, Trump is up a little bit less than a point. So what you have is margin of error across the board. And that's actually bad news for Kamala Harris because she has had the best three and a half weeks of any candidate in American history. This is an amazing three weeks for her. She took her boss, she dumped his body on the side of the road, she took his spot. There have been zero questions. We are now on, I don't have my calendar with me 'cause we're on the road. Day 26. Day 26 of being asked zero questions. Do you know how unbelievable that is?


26 days of being asked zero questions after the most controversial political move in the history of modern American politics. Ousting the sitting nominee, not the prospective nominee, the sitting nominee who had, who had gotten every single primary vote. She had received zero. He was ousted and she was supplanted for him. And everyone just sort of went about their merry way. And she has proceeded to spell out zero serious policy proposals and zero questions for 26 days. 26 days. That is nuts. That's nuts. And yet, and yet she is not soaring to a 10 point lead. There are some polls that have her up maybe as much as five points. And listen, that's bad news for Donald Trump because against Joe Biden, he was up five points.


And what you see is a consistent move in her direction. According to Nate Silver's work over at Substack, and I think Silver's the best poll analyst in the country. There's been a national shift of about seven points in favor of Harris over where Joe Biden was. When Joe Biden was in the race. Trump had a four point advantage. Today, Democrats have about a three point advantage nationally, and that is mirrored by about a seven point shift in Pennsylvania toward the Democrats. A five point shift toward the Democrats in Georgia, a six point shift toward the Democrats in Wisconsin, a six point shift in Michigan, a six point shift in North Carolina, an eight point shift in Arizona, a six point shift in Nevada, even a four point shift in Florida.


So these are big shifts in favor of Kamala Harris, but they're not enough to put her so durably ahead that this election is over. And so this raises the question, will there be a Trump bounce back? Will the sugar high off, or will the media be able to pump life into this inflatable doll of a candidate all the way up into the election? Well, Politico has a rundown on some of the numbers and what it shows is a few reasons for serious concern for the Kamala Harris campaign. The first reason for concern on June 27th, which was before she had demonstrated her boss, her favorability rating was 39%. Today, according to the real clear politics, polling average, she's at 45%, not at 60%, not at 70%, 45%.


Now she's doing better than that in some of the swing states. A New York Times, Sienna College Bowl has her about 50% favorable versus 48% favorable. But she has not been grazed, she has not been tarnished in any way. Not a single one of her policies has come under serious scrutiny. Even when she's stealing policies from the Trump campaign, nobody has even dinged her yet. Now, one advantage that she does have over Joe Biden is all the Democrats coming home. The third party vote share on June, on July 21st was about 12 points. That was gonna go for RFK Jr. Or Jill Stein or Cornell West. That is now down to about seven points. And that is because a lot of Democrats are coming home. That's not because a bunch of people shifted into the Trump camp.


That's because a bunch of people shifted into the Kamala Harris camp. Again, that five point decrease in third party share probably has bound almost solely to the benefit of the Democratic party. Double haters are now coming back and they're going to Kamala Harris because before the double haters were gonna like RFK and they were just waiting for somebody to not be either Donald Trump or Joe Biden. So that's a good news piece for for Kamala Harris. Well, the fact that Donald Trump seems to have the momentum in this race is a very good thing for the world. That's particularly true in the Middle East, where Israel is still fighting an ongoing war against multiple terrorist groups. October 7th marked the one year anniversary of the worst attack on Jews. Since the Holocaust, 1,200 Israelis were murdered, over 250 were taken hostage. The war in Israel continues to rage on today.


Missiles are flying, tensions are high, our allies are under attack. It seems like every time you turn on the news, there's another crisis unfolding in the region, Israel, and its people are facing attacks from enemies on all sides who want its destruction. But there's hope.


The international Fellowship of Christians and Jews is on the ground providing food, shelter, and safety to those in need. During this crisis, since the war started thousands of reservists, everyday Israeli citizens have left their families to serve their country. Soldiers have been injured, their families need our support. Their gift of $45 today helps the fellowship provide food and other necessities to these families to help them survive. Here's what I need you to do right now. Go to Ben for the fellowship.org. That's been for the fellowship.org to make a gift today. In the face of these many threats, the Fellowship's ongoing work, providing security to Israelis has never been more important. Remember, that's Ben for the fellowship.org. I know people on the ground who've been helped by the fellowship. Go check 'em out right now, Ben, for the fellowship.org. God bless and thank you.


Another piece of good news for Kamala Harris is that voter enthusiasm has ticked back up for Democrats. While Joe Biden was the candidate, voter enthusiasm among Democrats was really low. Only 46% of Democrats were enthusiastic about the rematch between Biden and Trump. Now it's about 62%. According to that New York Times Sienna College poll. She has also closed the gap on the economy a little bit. In June, Trump was favored on the economy by almost 10 points. Today, Trump is favored on the economy by about three points in the rust Bell states again, he has an advantage, but it is not a massive advantage. But here is the big stat for Kamala Harris. On June 27th, 25% of Americans thought America was moving in the right direction.


Today, 25% of Americans think America is moving in the right direction. That is the number that really should be dispositive for the election. If you think the country is moving in the wrong direction, presumably you don't like the leadership class, which means that Kamala Harris has to, she must maintain the lie that she is a change in direction. She cannot say, don't change horses in the middle of the stream. 'cause everybody wants to change horses in the middle of this particular stream. She must must distance herself from Joe Biden because if only a quarter of Americans like the direction America's going, and if she's stapled to Joe Biden, well then she's the one who is not a change in direction.


And that's precisely what she's hoping to do. She's making two strategic moves right now. Strategic move number one is to hide and strategic move. Number two is to distance herself from Joe Biden as fast as humanly possible. On the hiding point, it is perfectly obvious at this point that they have no plans to allow this woman to talk at any point, unscripted. They're not going to allow her to do it. The debate is going to be the height of it, and she's going to be protected by her pretorian guards over at a b, C news. It's the reason why she won't commit to three debates. But why should we only get one debate? She's a brand new candidate. It's not as though we've seen her debate Donald Trump ever before. We haven't even seen her as a fully nominated presidential candidate before. And by what she says, she's a completely different person and a different candidate from the first time she ran in 20 19, 20 20.


So shouldn't we get three debates? Why? One? And the answer is because she's a coward. Because she's running screaming from anything that looks like a question. Again, 26 days. And folks, it's gonna keep going. It's gonna keep going. We're gonna be back here at this point next week, and it's going to be 33 days that she has not answered a single question. 'cause we're gonna hit the Democratic National Convention on Monday, and we're gonna get all the way up through August 22nd. And she still will answered zero questions, then we'll get all the way through the weekend and she won't have asked, been asked any questions or answered any serious questions. We're gonna go more than a month where a presidential candidate whose brand spanking new, a presidential candidate who made again the most controversial political move in modern American history by taking her own candidate and throwing him off the back of a train.


And she's been asked zero questions for a month. A month. So the good news for Kamala Harris is that this has helped her a lot, and now she's living in the polls. The bad news is that can't last forever. She has to come back to earth. The reality is, it is still only August 15th. The means that we still have three months until this election. She has not been dinged, she has not been scuffed, she has not been bruised, nothing has happened to her yet, and she's still not trashing Donald Trump in the polls, which is not amazing news for her. So again, strategy number one, hide as fast as possible and as often as possible. Harris campaign spokesman Michael Tyler is saying that he was asked on Santa, is she gonna do a press conference like at any point here, you know, answer some questions.


He starts laughing. He's like, of course not. Why would we do that? I don't want to, you know, belabor this, but one interview before the end of the month. I mean, that's, that's not a lot. I mean, can you commit to a press conference before the end of the month? We will commit to directly engage with the voters that are actually gonna decide this election, and that is gonna be complete with rallies, with sit down interviews, with press conferences, with all the digital assets that we have at our disposal. We are running a campaign that is built to communicate with the voters that are actually gonna decide at the pathway to 270 electoral votes. We are in the plan that we have in place, and we're gonna execute on that plan. Okay? What he means by we are confident in the plan is that we are not going to answer any questions from you none.


She will not be out in public answering questions, hide her, stow her, make sure she never says anything because here's, here's the dirty secret, Kamala Harris, here's not particularly smart. That is the big secret here. The big secret here is the minute you get her off the teleprompter, she is a mess of a human being. She's like every other actor in Hollywood. Great. When the camera is on and the lines are being provided, and the minute it's improv time, you are in serious, serious trouble with Kamala Harris and they know it, which is why they're preventing her from ever seeing the light of day, absent a script in front of her. In fact, Harris campaign spokesperson, Michael Tyler, same interview, he says he thinks it's funny to steal the no Tax on Tips policy. He's asked about, you know, what are her policies?


He's like, we have brand new policies like no Tax on Tips and, and sure we're stealing it, but whatcha gonna do about it. Kamala Harris is saying she will fight to end taxes on tips for service and hospitality workers. Trump says that she stole his idea. What do you say to that? Yeah, listen, again, I would say that there's only one candidate in this race that actually has a track record of standing up and working for working people. And that's Kamala Harris. Okay? That's not even an answer. That's not even an answer. But here's the thing. The Harris campaign is confident that they have the love adoration and sycophancy of the media. And so they're not particularly worried about the media putting serious pressure on them. So again, strategy number one, hide her, stole her, prevent her from ever seeing the light of day strategy.


Number two, take the old man and take his corpse and riddle it with holes. That's what they're gonna do with Joe Biden. Now, because again, if she is linked with his very unpopular policies, if 25% of Americans like the direction of the country right now, she must draw distance between herself and the administration that made her vice president. I mean that she, which I, I gotta say is incredibly scummy. I mean, truly scummy. She was a politician who is on the trash heap of history. She ran in 2019 by calling Joe Biden a racist and maybe a rapist. And then she earned zero primary votes and dropped out and was widely perceived as one of the worst candidates in modern presidential history.


And Joe Biden for DEI reasons picked her up off that as Heap. And he made her vice president of the United States and her first move in gratitude is to steal his nomination and then to trash him. What a delightful person she is. Can you feel the joy? Do you see the joy and con she's seen? She's just so joyous. It's no secret that anti-gun legislation is on the ballot this election season. It is more important now than ever before to support those who fighting for your Second Amendment rights.


This is where my friends at Silencer shop come in. They don't just sell silencers. They're fighting to protect your gun rights. They're actively pushing back against gun control, lobbying, fighting lawsuits, supporting Pro-Second Amendment legislation nationwide. Yes, silencers are completely legal. Not only do silencers make shooting quieter, reduce recoil, and cut down on concussion, they also make your time at the range safer and more enjoyable. But let's be real. The government doesn't wanna make it easy for you to get one. But. there is a solution. Silencer Shop makes getting silencers easy. They've helped more Americans get suppressors than anyone else by making it simpler. With the largest selection of top brand silencers, the expert team at Silencer Shop will help you find the perfect one for your firearm. Silencer Shop helps you submit all the paperwork, making the process hassle free. Get your suppressor now. Approvals are coming back faster than ever. Just head to silence or shop.com/shapiro. They will do the rest. So if you wanna protect your rights and enjoy a better shooting experience, visit silence or shop.com/shapiro today@silencershop.com slash shapiro. Silencer shop is the easiest and best way to get your suppressor.


So Axios has a full report about this vice president Kamala Harris, hoping to distance herself from President Biden's unpopularity on the economy plans, a new focus on middle class worries and woes beginning in North Carolina later this week with her first policy speech. Continuing next week with the Democratic Convention in Chicago, Harris will tell Americans who she is and how she'd govern who she is. She's the Vice President of the United States. How she would govern, we know she's been in government for the better part of my life at this point. Harris won't say it bluntly in public, but her advisors do so privately. She wants to break with Biden on issues on which he's unpopular. That would be like all the issues. There are zero issues on which Joe Biden is popular. First up, rising prices. This is part of a highly choreographed effort to define herself.


In some cases, redefine herself as a different kind of Democrat. Okay, now here's the problem. Of course, she's not a different kind of Democrat, she's a machine politician. She was picked because she's generic D that is what she is. She's a generic Democrat who has a diverse face. She's a woman, she's black, and she's totally generic. Any Democrat would be mirroring the policies of Joe Biden. That's the dirty secret about the Biden administration. This is not an administration, it's an entire machine. And that machine just took the unpopular face, destroyed it, and put in place a new friendlier, more joy-filled face. That's all that happened here. So they have to distance her from Joe Biden. Very, very important. They distance her from Joe Biden because again, most people don't actually like Joe Biden's economic policies.


The media are doing their best, by the way, to spin Joe Biden's economic policies into something that are, that are actually useful or good. According to the New York Times inflation has now cooled to 2.9%. Shoring up the case for our Fred rate cut. The consumer price index reading in July was the mildest year over year increase since 2021. Now, there's only one problem with that particular headline, which is that the 2% increase that is sought by the Federal Reserve is two, not 2.9, which means we are still clocking in 50% above what exactly the inflation rate is supposed to be year on year. It doesn't matter. They're gonna try and shove a Fed rate cut through as fast as humanly possible because they're hoping that that will inflate the economy back into some semblance of serious job growth before the election.


And the notion of Federal Reserve independence is a complete, it's complete hogwash. It's been hogwash for years. And the Federal Reserve is not independent under Richard Nixon. The Federal Reserve is not independent under FDR. It was not independent under LBJ. It is not independent under Joe Biden. It is not the idea that politics comes into their considerations. Not at all is ridiculous. In any case, the consumer price index cooling in July is now being used as an excuse to declare victory by Team Biden. Here was Joe Biden, who again, it is kind of incredible that he's dead and he's doing more press conferences than the very much alive presidential nominee of the Democratic Party. His vice president here was Joe Biden getting a little bit miffed at the reporters and saying they need a report in the economy, but everything's going, oh, and then he fell asleep.


This as the US beat inflation. The President. Yes, yes, yes. I told you we're gonna have a soft landing, we're gonna have a soft landing. My policies are working. Start writing that way. Okay, My policies are working and now I'm gonna dictate you stenographers. Why don't you just write what I want you to write. Just write how much better things are. And naturally, that's precisely what the media write. They take dictation, inflation cools to 2.9%, shoring up a case for a fed rate cut, says the New York Times Axios is reporting the absolute magic of Joe Biden's economic policies. They've, they've magically shrunk inflation. I mean, sure, it's still 20% in the aggregate since Joe Biden took office, but it's been awesome guys. It's just been great.


Now again, this is actually a problem for the Democrats because it turns out most people actually don't like Joe Biden's economic policies. I mean, the White House's economic advisor, Jared Bernstein, he was trying to suggest that everybody should cover the massively decreased price of gas. There's only one problem. It's still way more expensive than it was when Joe Biden took office. There was another study that I found pretty well looked to me that it was pretty rigorous, that suggested that the media tends to write about the gas price when it goes north of three 50 and not when it goes south of three 50. So the gas price as I looked this morning was I think 3 45. And if you haven't written about it, you know, maybe you want to, Again, the fact that he's trying to dictate to the media exactly what they should cover is absolutely not.


We should also point out that in January of 2021, the average gallon of gas in the United States cost $2 and 42 cents. So up a lot, up a lot. And he's talking about how wonderful this is. Well, Kamala Harris knows that it's not that wonderful and most Americans don't actually like how the economy is shaping up right now. So what is she doing? She's seeking to differentiate herself from Joe Biden. According to the Wall Street Journal, democratic nominee seeks to differentiate herself from Biden, even as she amplifies many of his policy proposals. At least they're telling the truth there. She's stealing Joe Biden's policies when she's not stealing Donald Trump's policies. And then she's pretending that she's distancing herself from Joe Biden. According to the Wall Street Journal, shortly after President Biden announced his decision to drop outta the race and informal group of economic advisors began quietly discussing how to best articulate vice President Kamala Harris's economic vision, their challenge differentiating the candidate from her unpopular boss without abandoning his policies.


Well, yes indeed. That is quite a challenge. Don't, don't overstate the case there. Wall Street Journal, I mean, let me just read that again. Her job is to differentiate the candidate from her unpopular boss without abandoning his policies. That's it. Like what? So just to get this absolutely straight, you fire the guy at the top, you hire the second in command. The second in command endorses the entire slate of policies of the guy at the top. But don't worry, it's completely different this time. That's the plan. Harris's team is now crafting a policy framework focused on making housing more affordable, lowering costs for families, taking on corporate excess and boosting small businesses according to people involved in the discussion. Well, I mean, if that's not specific enough for you, I don't know what will be.


You mean she wants to make housing more affordable? Wow. I mean, listen to that policy expertise, the woman's basically Hayek over here. Incredible. This is Von Maisy's level of stuff, lowering costs for families. Whoa. The Specificity, the magic of the, that's a policy now, my goodness. You mean her policy is to do good things and not do bad things? Whoa, that is a change in direction. Let me tell you, the plan is intended to make her priorities clearer to voters amid criticism. She hasn't presented a detailed agenda during her first few weeks on the campaign trail, according to the Wall Street Journal. But AIDS said the exact contours of the plan are still in flux days. After Harris told reporters she plans to release a policy platform this week, a timeframe that surprised some of her advisors.


Harris is expected to test drive her messaging during a Friday speech in Raleigh, North Carolina. So what exactly is she going to say in Raleigh, North Carolina? Well, apparently she's going to say the reason that inflation has happened is because everyone in corporate America is greedy. Don't you know? Now, you may have heard that before. You may have heard that a thousand times before because Joe Biden has been dropping that load of crap all over the media landscape for the last three and a half years, has inflation peaked? He kept saying over and over. Look, Look, oh, the corporate, they're charging you. And then they, they take advantage of you. They're charging too much junk fees. Ah, look at how at Walmart, they're, they're greedy. They're greedy. He has yet to explain why it is that apparently they were not greedy during the Trump administration, but magically became greedy when he became president.


Maybe the signal factor in pricing has nothing to do with the personal emotional status of the CEOs of Walmart. Maybe it has something to do with the fiscal and monetary policy pursued by the central government of the United States. Maybe it would be that


there are 8 million renters in America who are not only qualified to own a home, but could be saving 30% monthly on their rent simply by owning. Instead, smart people know the path to wealth is through real estate. This is where Churchill Mortgage comes in. Churchill Mortgage's, home Buyer's Edge gives you the buyer, the power it allows you to compete with cash offers provides lightning fast pre-approval. And Churchill Mortgage sweetens the deal with a $10,000 seller guarantee. My wife and I have bought and sold multiple homes over time. Each time we increased our equity. Stop funding your landlord's retirement. Do what I do. Go to churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. You'll answer a few simple questions so they can connect you with a home loan specialist in your neighborhood. They'll help you build a plan, whether it takes 30 days or six months to get you on the path to financial freedom through home ownership. If you're already in a home, but you got in at like a 7% interest rate or higher, you need to talk to Churchill Mortgage today. The Fed dropped the rates. You could be saving hundreds of bucks every single month with a simple refi, unless you just like paying more money to the banks or something averaging five stars and over a hundred thousand reviews. Go to Churchill mortgage.com/shapiro, connect with a home alone specialist you can trust. This is a paid advertisement. Home buyer, ET and seller guarantee are available for qualifying borrowers and select loan types only and not available in all states or locations. N mls, ID 5 9 1 mls consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1 7 4 9 Mallory Land, Brentwood, Tennessee, 3 7 0 2 7


people who fall for this junk. I, I gotta tell you, it's, you're a moron if you fall for this, if you fall for the idea that the reason prices are going up is because people got Grier in the last three years, not because Joe Biden and team completely blew out the spending, because the interest rates were way too low for too long. If you don't, if you don't, if you think it's not that you think that it's just Bob down at the local hardware store has been jacking up the price of hammers. I don't think you know how basic economics works. The, the, the very foolish notion that greed dictates prices suggests there is no one on the other side of the table. Okay, listen, you know what, as a person who likes to make money, I will sell you this pen for $1 million.


For $1 million. Any takers? I'm greedy. I'm gonna sell this pen for a million dollars to you right now. Now, can I actually sell the pen for a million dollars no matter how greedy I am? The answer is no. 'cause you can buy a million pens like this for a million dollars because the pricing mechanism is not dependent on the subjective feelings of the seller. It is dependent on the subjective feelings generally of the purchaser. You don't think it's worth a million dollars? You ain't gonna spend a million dollars on this stupid pen. This is the biggest low to a horse crap. They've been dumping the, it is astonishing to me how economically illiterate Amer Americans are apparently. So now Vice President Harris is gonna call for price controls. Yes, that's worked everywhere. It's been tried, including in Soviet Russia price controls.


She knows what the best price for all goods and services are. She knows what those prices look like. She knows because in that little p brain of hers, she has calculated out the subjective desires of 340 million Americans and gauge those against the amount of money they have in their pockets. And so she knows precisely what prices should be. Not the market mechanism, not the aggregated desires that are the pricing mechanism in a free market economy. Now it's just her because in that tiny P brain, the workings are so complex, the workings are so unbelievably nuanced that she knows the price of all the goods and services, which is why she can impose price controls. Thus fixing the inflationary economy quote is Politico Vice President Kamala Harris on Friday will call on Congress, who pass a federal ban on price gouging as part of her economic platform to lower grocery prices in everyday costs.


That action to be announced during a speech in North Carolina is among others. She'll take in her first 100 days in office to lower high grocery costs according to a campaign official. Do you understand this economic policy is the same thing as Michael Scott, the declaring bankruptcy in the office. She's literally saying that she's going to go into Congress and shout no high prices, and then they'll pass a law that says no high prices, and then there will be no high prices. That's not how the world works. That's not how it works. You can't declare bankruptcy by shouting that you've declared bankruptcy and you can't lower high prices by passing a law saying no high prices. It's like in the twenties when the world passed a, an international law banning all war and then a decade later was the bloodiest war in the history of the earth.


You can't just ban reality by passing a law. Ugh God, this kind of stupidity. It's unreal. Elevated everyday costs have plagued the Biden Harris administration. Since Americans grocery bills spiked during the pandemic. I love the writing here. They've plagued the Biden Harris administration, not Americans and the the Biden Harris administration. They're basically sitting there. They, they were innocent bystanders and all this inflation stuff. Unlike they were in charge of the economy, Harris is hoping to capitalize on new data this week that showed slowing food inflation. Her plans to bring down grocery prices are a key part of broader plans to lower costs for Americans. She'll announce on Friday, no, it's not that that is not going to work. That is not going to work. So what are they actually gonna do? They're gonna rely on the Federal Reserve to cut rates in September and hopefully jack up the amounts of spending in the economy just in advance of the, who could have predicted such a thing?


Who could have predicted that, you know, two months before the election, month and a half before the election, the Federal Reserve would inject a bunch of money into the economy just in time for the reelect who could have predicted such a thing? Except for everyone who has a shred of insight into how politics and the Federal Reserve crossed paths, core inflation is still 3.2%, which is 1.2% higher than 2%, which is to say more than 50% higher than it's supposed to be. And they're like, oh, not time to cut the rates. Time to cut the rates. Now's, now's the moment. It's absolutely amazing. Donald Trump was out on the campaign trail. He's going after Kamala Harris on the economy. He says that she's actually waiting for him to announce his economic plan so she can copy them, which is a good line.


And true Kamala Harris won't end the economic crisis. She will only make it worse. And why hasn't she done it? She talks about it. She's doing a plan. You know, she's gonna announce it this week. Maybe she's, she's she's waiting for me to announce it so she can copy it. It's true, it's true. By the way, her other big policy prescriptions, when she's not out there saying that we should pass a law to say high prices are bad, her other big policy prescriptions are basically universal basic income. As the Wall Street Journal points out, universal basic income is this foolish idea that if you give everybody a check in the mail, that this will magically heal poverty as opposed to just inflating the prices, which is actually what that does when you helicopter money, which is what the Federal Reserve tried to do for years.


What you end up doing is increasing the prices because the market adjusts to the amount of money flowing through the economy.


Now, I'm not usually one for changing with the seasons. You know, these principles, they stay consistent year round. When it comes to betting, that's another story starting with the Bulletin branch signature collection. Their 100% organic cotton sheets are like the Constitution for your bed. Foundational, timeless, getting better with age. They start off buttery soft, and somehow they get even softer with every single wash. Plus, you can easily add their blankets, duvets, and quilts without making your bed feel heavy or hot. Trust me, a fall refresh with Bo and Branch will have your mind changed for good. Best of all, Bo and Branch gives you a 30 night worry-free guarantee with free shipping and returns on all US orders of a hundred bucks or more. Lemme tell you, when you're fighting the culture war day in and day out, good sleep is in fact crucial. Start getting your best sleep this fall with Bull and Branch. Enjoy 20% off plus free shipping on your first set of sheets@bullandbranch.com slash ben. That's bull and branch B-O-L-L-A-N-D branch.com/ben for 20% off. And free shipping exclusions apply. See site for details. That is bull and branch.com/ben for 20% off and free shipping.


In any case, Kamala Harris has endorsed a slate of policies that look like universal basic income. Despite the fact universal basic income historically means that less work for people because they stay home more 'cause they have more money for not working. According to Matt, Matt Weider writing for the Wall Street Journal, Kamala Harris will pay you not to work as vice president. Ms. Harris cast the deciding votes to create a temporary UBI for parents through significantly expanded child tax credit. In 2021, tens of millions of households collected these payments, which grew to as much as $3,600 a child. Even as the program's work requirement and work incentive features were suspended, a University of Chicago study calculated if the change were made permanent, it would result in 1.5 million parents exiting the labor force as a Senator Harris proposed to even larger UBI programs that would've displaced even more work in 2019.


She introduced her signature bill proposing a UBI for lower income adults, including childless adults. According to a Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta report, high effective marginal tax rates on modest income work already effectively lock low income workers into poverty. The phase out of Harris's new $3 trillion entitlement would only increase current disincentives to work and advance. Okay? So in other words, everything she does would enhance inflation price controls, by the way, actually lead to shortages and scarcities. That's what they do. So they lead to black markets in which the prices are even higher than normal, which is what actually happened in the Soviet Union when they tried price controls. Price controls fail wherever they are tried. So this is an insuperable problem for, for Kamala Harris pretending that this problem doesn't exist, isn't going to make her president, the economy is not where she needs it to be.


The Federal Reserve rate cut probably ain't gonna do the work she needs it to do in time for the election. Her policies are the same as her bosses, and so her attempts to distance herself from her boss on the economy, that is not gonna work very well. And this leads to two major problems that are gonna come up for her next week at the Democratic National Convention. Now, the pre celebration has begun for the DNC. It's the inauguration of a brand new, shiny, diverse face. Woo hoo. Wow. Historic. Historic. I love that we're still doing this historic routine. It's, it's ridiculous at this point, I gotta tell you. Yeah, a America is a place where anyone can succeed regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation. Like th this is a place where you can pretty much do what you want or be who you are in virtually any way that is not massively behavioral and you can succeed in America.


Can we dispense with this first blank president nonsense. Seriously enough of this? It's stupid. It's really dumb. I understand. We did it when Barack Obama became president of the United States. First black president. Biggest conflict in American history is over race. Can we, can we, can we really quit it with the nonsense that it makes a difference whether Kamala Harris is a woman or not? Like what? In any case, the media won't next week, it'll be all my God. You know, we have a chance, we finally have a chance to overcome the barriers of the past when women were discriminated against by electing the first woman to the presidency. Now, I hate to break it to you. The vast majority of women of people in college are women. Women constitute a majority of the voting that women constitute a majority of, of degrees in a wide variety of areas, right?


Women have it pretty good in the United States. The whole point of a first blank president is that some giant barrier has been overcome. What barrier has Kamala Harris had to overcome in her life? Seriously? What is the big barrier that Kamala Harris has had to overcome that she, she really, she put her mind to it. She buckled down and with grit and determination, she overcame that barrier to public office presented by not sleeping with Willie Brown. And so she slept with Willie Brown. Like, what? What are we even talking about here? It's ridiculous. Anyway, that will be the story next week. The story next week will be history. History. So much history. Okay, But, there are two big problems that coming for her at the Convention. One of them is Joe Biden, and two is that half of her base likes Kamas. These are two major problems for her that are about to appear on the horizon at the Democratic National Convention.


We'll get to that in just one second. First, today is the day presale tickets are available right now@miracist.com. This is super important. Okay? Now I know most of us when we go to the movies, you can buy the ticket day off, right, like an hour before. But if you actually want good movies like Am, I, Racist in the theater near you, you need to pre-buy your ticket right now. It's not just about watching an awesome movie, it's about sending a message. Our very own Matt Walsh, who has absolutely destroyed the left's gender ideology and What is a Woman went undercover as a DEI expert. And let me tell you what he uncovered is so absurd, so intellectually bankrupt. You'll be laughing and furious at the same exact time. Listen, we do need your help. The more presale tickets we sell, the more theaters will actually show this.


Your ticket purchase is a direct blow against the left wing narrative. Am I Racist hits theaters September 13th. But don't wait. Do not hesitate. Go to mi racist.com right now. Buy those tickets, make it like a family event, make it a community event. Let's show the cultural elite that conservatives can dominate at the box office. This is how we win the culture war one movie at a time. So as we're talking about the Convention is next week the D nnc and they've got two huge problems at the Convention. Problem number one is Joe Biden. Joe Biden is a problem because he's still lingering, lingering around the edges. He's still hanging around whining about the fact that he was forced to drop outta the race by his own insiders, that he was stabbed in the back by Brutus and Company. The New York Times has a piece where he's complaining about this. So you're gonna get this kind of whining all the way up until the election.


In the end, he was alone, confined to a spare bedroom in his vacation home, fighting off ballots of coughing from Covid. President Biden was exhausted when he turned in for the night on Saturday, July 20th. Whether he slept soundly or fitfully or not at all, people close to him said he took the long hours by himself to mull over the historic decision he was about to make. He had just been through brutal two days in Rehoboth Beach, Delaware, as he huddled with his wife, Joe Biden, in his closest age, who rotated from a screened in Porsche to a sitting area off the dining room. Steve Chetty, the president's eyes and ears on Capitol Hill and Mike Donlan, his chief strategist, had shared internal polling with the president that Saturday that mirrored what Americans had been seeing for weeks. Mr. Biden was falling behind nationally and in key battleground states, there was still a path to victory. They advised him, but the fight would be ugly. The President would be pitted against his donors.


Half his party in Congress and democratic voters who had concluded he was too old to win. By that Saturday evening, something had shifted. It was not just about the polls. People close to Biden say, despite everything Biden believed, he could still claim the Democratic nomination and beat former President Donald Trump aid say he still believes that What began to change the president's mind, people familiar with his thinking, say, was the realization that if he stayed in the race, he was in for a lonely battle that would rip apart the Democratic party, the cause he had served nearly his entire life. Now, first of all, we should point out you shouldn't serve a party your entire life. You should not. That is pretty ugly stuff. In fact, you should serve an idea. You should serve the American people. You shouldn't serve a party if your cause is the party.


And a reeks reeks of socialist, communist Russia, that that's what that reeks of. What a man who views himself as the ultimate consensus builder in Washington wants to wage an intraparty war that would run counter to the fabric of who he is. That day. Biden asked a key question if we were gonna do it, Biden asked his two advisors, what would we say? And they drafted the statement and then they went out and and basically tweeted it out there while he was asleep or something. Okay? So one problem for Kamala Harris is that Joe Biden is still around and he's still president thing, despite the fact that he's now a zombie candidate, he's still a zombie president and he's still kind of a zombie candidate because he's out there and his policies are the ones she's running on. And he has an interest in not allowing Kamala Harris to throw him under the bus.


So as you said earlier, he's very unpopular. His policies are very unpopular, which means Kamala Harris has to do two things, run and hide from the press and dissociate from Biden. But if you're Biden, you don't want Harris dissociating from you. What you want is for Harris to win off your back. What you want is for Harris to win, but you want to be seen as the reason she won, not the reason she lost. You wanna be seen as the person who stepped aside and then handed her the keys to the kingdom. And it was your generosity and the magic of your successful policies that allowed for the first black woman president. That's, that's what you want if you are Joe Biden. So yesterday at the White House Korean Jean Pierre was asked about the fact that Kamala Harris is pretty obviously telegraphing. She wants to distance herself from Biden and Corin.


Jean Pire speaking on behalf of Joe Biden's like, Nope, you get right back here. Right now, we are stapling you to his pant leg. Axios is now reporting that she's hoping to distance herself from President Biden's unpopularity on the economy. Can you blame her? Do You know this is the Biden Harris administration. Are you aware that this is the Biden Harris administration and she is indeed the vice president. But if The President's policies on the economy were working, or if they were popular, would he still be the candidate? I mean, He literally just had this, the chair of the CEA here who laid out a pretty, pretty robust point by point about the economy and what has happened under the Biden Harris administration. And I thought it was pretty convincing.


Biden Harris, Biden Harris, Biden Harris. So Biden is now effectively cutting commercials on behalf of Donald Trump because Joe Biden is unpopular, but he can't admit that he's unpopular. And so he's still going to insist that Harris is his candidate. That's the idea. And he's particularly gonna do that because he understands the rest of the Democratic party wishes to cut him off from the party and shove him out to sea. According to Politico, Joe Biden is frustrated that Barack Obama wouldn't tell him to his face, he should leave the race, which by the way is the most Obama thing ever. Obama deployed all of his forces to oust Joe Biden from the race. But he's too much of a coward to ever just confront Joe Biden and take the lead. Always leading from behind that Barack Obama, he's angry with Nancy Pelosi and views her as ruthless for ushering him out the door. He's miffed at the Royal Chuck Schumer played too, according to Politico.


Biden has told his closest agents and associates he's coming to terms with his decision to bow out, but still harbors some frustrations toward the members of his own party. He believes pushed him out according to three people familiar with Biden's thinking. So this thing is just going to percolate and is just going to, it's just going to sit there in the middle of the room at the DNC and it's gonna be kind of awkward. So the media are trying to help Kamala Harris out by actively shooting holes in Joe Biden. That's what they're gonna do now. So now finally, after years of not reporting on Hunter Biden, they're going to report on Hunter Biden because now it's time you couldn't do it before the 2020 election. 'cause then Joe Biden might lose and he couldn't do it for the first three years of the administration. 'cause then Joe Biden might lose. But now that he's not the candidate and they need to get him away from Kamala Harris as fast as possible, get the stank of defeat away from Kamala Harris, now they're perfectly willing to open up their guns on Hunter Biden.


According to the New York Times, hunter Biden sought assistance from the US government for a potentially lucrative energy project in Italy while his father was vice president. According to newly released records and interviews, the records which the Biden administration had withheld for years indicate Hunter Biden wrote at least one letter to the US Ambassador to Italy in 2016, seeking assistance for Barisma where he was a board member. Embassy officials appeared to have been uneasy with the request from the son of a sitting vice president on behalf of a foreign company. I wanna be careful about promising too much. We're a commerce department official based at the US Embassy in Rome. This is a Ukrainian company purely to protect ourselves. US government should not be actively advocating with the government of Italy without the company going through the DOC advocacy center. The official wrote Abby Lowell, a lawyer for Biden, said his client quote, asked various people, including the US Ambassador to Italy at the time, whether they could arrange an introduction between Barisma and the president of the Tuscany region of Italy, where Barisma was pursuing a geothermal project.


A White House spokesman said the president was unaware when he was vice president. Why are we seeing this reporting now? This, this happened all the way back when, when Joe Biden was vice president of the United States in 2016. It is now, I checked the calendar the year 2024. Why are we only seeing this now? And the answer is because the media are finally, finally beginning to open up on Hunter. Why? As a way to get Joe, why? Because they need Joe shuttled off to the side. They need something that implicates Joe but does not implicate Kamala. So it can't be policy, it can't be the failures of the administration. So now you're gonna see over the next few weeks stories about Joe Biden corruption in the Biden family, more reasons why Joe Biden couldn't be the presidential nominee and why Kamala Harris is so wildly different from Joe Biden here, for example, as a CNN reporter saying, well this doesn't look great.


Does this play, does, what does Harris do about this? Anything? I mean, it it, it's not Kamala Harris' son. And so there's a little bit more distance than when it was the presidential nominee's son. Ah, this isn't great. Hunter Biden, everybody in the White House is known for a long time as an issue. The, the way that the, that his lawyers responded to this disclosure to say like, well, yeah, he sent letters but did nothing wrong. It doesn't, this feels very strange to people that the Vice president's son was sending letters or making requests to other government officials. Hmm hmm. Well, I mean that, that's weird that all of a sudden now you're covering Hunter Biden weird.


'cause you guys covered it up for like years, but now you're covering it that that's strange almost as though you're doing the bidding of the Kamala Harris campaign. Okay? So that is going to be a problem for Kamala Harris. She must separate off from Joe Biden, but Joe Biden doesn't wanna separate off from her. So that will be an ongoing problem all the way up till the election in every campaign ad that the Trump campaign cuts needs to have the picture of the two of them holding their hands in triumph just about a month ago at the White House. That's what they need because that Kamala is Joe Biden's heir in every apparent way. Okay? That is problem number one at the Convention. Problem number two, of course is these mass protests that are now planned at the Convention. You're about to see a bunch of people who love Hamas and hate America protesting outside the DNC and inside the hall you will see warmth toward a lot of those positions and people from the actual DNC.


So for example, last night private event between Kamala Harris campaign officials and pro kamas protestors storm the event and start setting off smoke bombs wokes for slaughtering Jews over there. That's a a, a solid contingent of the Democratic Party. And it's gonna get way worse because what we know is that there are major non-governmental organizations who hate Israel and hate Jews, who are going to be sponsoring massive marshes on the DNC throughout the Convention. Many of those groups actually have connections with the terrorism. For example, Samami Dun is one of these groups. Samami Dun regularly advocates for armed resistance and celebrates terrorist organizations. Students for Justice in Palestine, which advocates for quote unquote armed ada and is constantly pushing for armed on confrontation with the oppressors been banned on multiple college campuses.


They're gonna show up Jewish Voices for Peace, which is neither Jewish nor a voice for peace. They're gonna show up as well. Code pink, just the nuts who have been spending every waking moment since the Iraq War complaining that America is a military industrial power that must be defeated in every foreign conflict. There's a wide variety of some of the worst people you know, who are gonna show up at this Convention. And meanwhile, inside the Convention Hall, half the Democratic Party agrees with those people. For example, Pramila Jayapal, the radical Congress person from Washington state who refuses to say that Hamas is responsible for the conflict in the Middle East At this point, who do you believe is responsible for the ongoing conflict, Israel or Hamas? I think we need peace in the region, and that's what I'm gonna continue to work for, is peace for Israelis and Palestinians.


So that is a, that is a not Hamas answer. So she, she refused to say Hamas is responsible, you know, the terrorist group currently holding five Americans hostage as well as babies. She, she won't say that she's a respected member of the progressive congressional caucus. Meanwhile, Ilhan Omar recently won her primary and she won her primary because her area is filled with people who hate America and hate Israel. I mean that, it really is that simple. She has a lot of constituents who are not pro-America and who are not pro-ISIS Israel. So they elected a person who hates America and hates Israel and doesn't like the Jews very much either. So at her victory party, she was out there suggesting that her opponent, who is a liberal black person, is actually siding with Nazis by Nazis. She means Jews. Of course, This campaign has been one of the ugliest, most disgusting campaign against me that I have ever, ever witnessed.


We, we had an opponent that was willing to align with literal Nazis in order to defeat us. I mean, these are the people the Democratic Party has decided to let in. By the way, in the most ironic take of the day, Chuck Schumer has a new book coming out. Chuck Schumer, the Senate majority leader, who has been complicit in the rise of antisemites inside his own caucus. People like Ilhan Omar and Rashida tb, Chuck Schumer, who presided over the egregiously pro Iran Iranian nuclear deal. Chuck Schumer has been a disaster area on behalf of Jews across the country. He's now writing a book on antisemitism, which is the moral equivalent of OJ Simpson's if I did it.


Chuck Schumer is responsible for as much antisemitism in the country on the left as anybody in American politics. In any case, this is a major ongoing problem. It turns out people don't like burning American flags as the, as the party candidate. They, they, they don't like that the rioters that you're about to see outside the Democratic national Convention are mirrored, of course, by the rioters that Kamala Harris tried to bail out in 2020 at the BLM riots and the Tim Walls made provision for in Minneapolis during the BLM riots, right? Those people will be out on mass. So her solution and the solution of the Biden campaign, they are desperately attempting to tamp down conflict in the Middle East. Even if it means selling out Israel, actually, particularly if it means selling out Israel in advance of the Democratic national Convention, it is not going to work well.


It's tough to prioritize your health, especially if you're not sure where to start. That's why I'm excited to introduce Lumen. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning to know what's going on with your metabolism, which means you'll know whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs. Forget those one size fits all diet fats. What sets Lumen apart is its ability to understand you on a personal level. I've been using it, especially on the road, doing a lot of travel, gotta stay healthy. That Lumen helps me pretty much every day. It takes my unique metabolic data and crafts, a personalized nutrition plan for every day tailored to my body's needs and goals. With Lumen, you're not just getting a device, you're getting a health companion. Breathe into it before and after workout or a meal, gain realtime insights into your body's metabolic response. Lumen will provide you with actionable tips to help you stay on top of your health. If you wanna take the next step in improving your health, go to Lumen. Do me slash Shapiro, get 15% off your lumen. That's LU me n.me. Use Shapiro for 15% off your purchase. That's lumen me and use Shapiro for 15% off.


So in a radical attempt to tamp down conflict in the Middle East on behalf of Iran, really and on behalf of Hamas, the administration is taking a number of steps because what they're trying to do is lock this thing down before the DNC. That's the whole goal. And they don't care about the actual implications for American policy in the region. They're perfectly willing to bribe, cajole, do whatever they can to the Iranian leaders in order to tamp down the conflict, not because that is the best policy for America. The best policy for America is for America and her allies to take a strong anti-Iran position that boxes Iran in and prevents it from spreading its terror tentacles all around the region, thus threatening vital American resources ranging from Saudi oil to Israeli democracy, right?


These are all things that America cares about just generally in the region. And the Biden administration is willing to sacrifice them all on the altar of the pro Hamas protestors at the DNC. So what are they doing right now? So there's supposed to be a big, a big summit in Qatar to talk about the possibility of a ceasefire. Now, there's only one party that is full on rejecting a ceasefire at this point. It happens to be the terrorist group. Hamas is not even attending these ceasefire talks. They have said they will not actually end the holding of the hostages unless Israel completely withdraws from the Gaza Strip, which is not going to happen. And also releases among others. Marwan Bardi, who is a terrorist leader, extraordinary. He's been held in Israeli prison for decades for a wide variety of murders and terrorist attacks.


The reason they wanna let him out is because he's a political leader of fatal, which is the military wing of the Palestinian authority. And what they're really attempting to do is demonstrate that their assault on October 7th is able to blackmail the Israelis so strongly that they'll even let massive terrorists out of prison, even terrorists, who are basically going to take over the supposedly moderate Palestinian authority. And you don't have to understand or really know any of this. What you do have to understand is that the Biden administration will do whatever it takes to sell Israel down the river on this one in order to achieve some sort of temporary ceasefire just to get them through the DNC. That is what they're doing right now. And so they're pursuing a multi-pronged plan. One is apparently this is the most shocking report. And if it, if, if this report is true, again, this, the report first originated from a Fox News article citing a report in the Kuwaiti newspaper.


Alita, the White House is now attempting to deny it. Okay? This needs to be investigated because this allegation is extraordinary. There is a report from the Kuia newspaper, Alita suggesting that the United States provided the names of Mossad agents to the Iranians who participated in the Ismail Hania killing in Teran. Ismail Khania was the political head of Kamasi, was killed by a bomb in Tehran if the United States government was passing full on names of Israeli intelligence agents to the Iranians, that is one of the worst stories I've ever heard. I mean, certainly that, I mean in just in terms of how to treat an ally power. That is insane, that is nuts.


At least right now, the US National Security Council is denying those reports that a high ranking American security delegation mediated by Oman secretly traveled to Tehran to share information in an effort to appease Iran. They said it's categorically false. Fox News had reported, the delegation allegedly sought to deliver messages to Tehran in order to deescalate the tensions in the region between Iran and Israel. According to that report, the delegation was sent to convey to Iran Supreme leader Ali Khomeini, that the Biden Harris administration was, quote, kept in the dark by the Israeli attacks of Ha Hamas and Hezbollah's Kar. So apparently, again, the the, those allegations have been denied by the Biden administration, but they've denied allegations before it deserves more questions asked simultaneously.


The Biden administration, while acknowledging that the Israelis are participating in the talks, is trying to ratchet up pressure on the Israelis by saying just untrue nonsense. So they leaked to the New York Times. It is like their top headline today in Gaza, Israel's military has reached the end of the line. US officials say, now, why don't I believe them? Why don't I believe them? Well, because they said that Israel had reached the end of the military line before they killed Ismail Hania and Chukar and Moham dif they suggested that Israel had reached the end of what it could do militarily before Israel conquered Rafa with minimal civilian casualties. So I don't believe you, I think that you are lying and I think that you are going to the New York Times to lie in an attempt to pressure the Israelis into some sort of ridiculous deal that allows Kamas to survive as a governing power in the Gaza Strip simply to appease your pro kamas base.


That's what you are doing right now. We can see it. I mean that, that that is in fact what is happening. Meanwhile, an attempt to tamp down as much of this as possible, Columbia University President Muti Shafi has resigned. So she of course was embattled over at Columbia University because she made room for radically anti-Semitic protests on her campus that took over to the center of campus for months at a time. Those protests are likely to begin anew during the new term. She presumably did not wanna be at the head of that. And also, I have a feeling that the Democratic Party in New York probably went to her and they were like, guys, you know, she's kind of become the face of this thing. It would be good if she went away. So understand, this is a, a simmering wound for Democrats.


The continuation of the pro kamas block of the Democratic Party is an unavoidable problem, and it is in fact a festering wound in the body. Politic. Shafiq did resign Wednesday as Columbia University's president. She had seen tenuous support from the faculty. The person who will replace her is Katrina Armstrong, who currently runs the Columbia University Irving Medical Center and is dean of the university's medical school. So this is not gonna go away. It's not gonna go away. And because it turns out that Hamas is a terrorist group, it turns out that Iran is continuing to support terrorism. And no matter how many times the, the Biden administration yells at the Israelis, they're not going going to acquiesce in their own destruction. So good luck to Kamala Harris next week.


I have a feeling there're gonna be some ugly headlines that emerge from that particular DNC. Alright, guys, coming up, we'll be getting into some breaking news regarding who actually bombed that Nord Stream two pipeline. Remember that. If you're not a member, become member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.


Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white. Those growing up, I never thought much about race. Never really seemed to matter that much, at least not to me, Am, I, Racist. I would really appreciate it if you left. I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper. Undercover, racist. Joining us now is Matt certified DEI expert. Here's my certifications. And what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. Listen, more for you in this view, is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington Monument to the George Floyd Monument. America is racist to its bones. So inherently, yes, This country is a piece of White folks. Trash white supremacy, white woman, white boy. Is there a black person around or black person right here? Does he not exist? Say I'm racist. Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Mac. Just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never be too careful. They go say you racist. Buy your tickets now in theater. September 13th rated PG 13.


Net credit is here to say yes to a personal loan or line of credit when other lenders say no. Apply in minutes and get a decision as soon as the same day loans offered by net credit or lending. Partner banks and service by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at net credit.com/partner. Net credit credit to the people.