
In, a world where traditional values are under siege. It's crucial to stay sharp mentally and physically. Enter responsible man, a Daily, Wire, Ventures company that understands what it means to be a pillar of strength. In. these challenging times they've created the Emerson multivitamin, not for the faint of heart, but for men who shoulder their responsibilities with pride. The Emerson Multivitamin contains 33 key ingredients that work in harmony to fortify your immune system, sharpen your mental acuity, and maintain the strength of your heart and muscles. It's not just a vitamin, it's fuel for the culture battle that we face every day. And here's something to make you stand just a little taller. Every Emerson multivitamin is proudly made in the US of a no compromises, no shortcuts, just pure American craftsmanship. Take advantage of responsible Man's fall sale. Visit Responsible Man dot com and use code Daily Wire to get 30% off plus an additional $9 off your first order. But hurry, because this deal won't last long. Start your journey to better health and a stronger America with responsible man vitamins. That's Responsible Man dot com code Daily Wire for 30% off, plus an additional $9 off your first order. Responsible Man because true strength comes from within.


So yesterday, president Trump's second assassination attempt in eight weeks. Just astonishing news, this is the first time that a president or presidential candidate that there's been an a second attempted assassination within a short period of time, probably since Gerald Ford. You have to go back quite a ways for that. We brought you real time updates yesterday. We did a Ben React put up on YouTube as fast as humanly possible. Being able to react as fast as humanly possible to the news. Is our job bringing you what you need to know?


We need your help to do that. Obviously head on over to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. Use code, fight for 47% off. That's Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe with code. Fight for 47% off your new annual membership.


All right, so yesterday about 2:00 PM a gunman apparently showed up on Congress. Congress is a, is a very large thoroughfare in West Palm Beach, runs the length of, of large parts of the East coast of Florida. And this gunman showed up outside of Donald Trump's international golf course in West Palm Beach. Apparently he was at the turn between the fifth and the sixth holes. President Trump was not quite at that point in the golf course yet. He was. A couple of holes behind Secret Service agents were advancing. There were a couple of holes ahead of President Trump. They saw the alleged shooter, the Wouldbe alleged shooter sitting behind the fence. The Wouldbe shooter had apparently a pack of ceramics that were meant to block any sort of incoming shot from Secret Service.


He had a rifle, an AK 47 with a scope. He also had a GoPro. So he is ready to film his attempted assassination on President Trump. It is unclear whether he got a shot off. It appears that he probably did not. Secret Service saw him in advance. They shot at him, he then proceeded to flee and then a nearby bystander saw the license plate of the person gave it to the cops and this person was picked up by the police. About 20 minutes later after fleeing the premises. According to the Wall Street Journal, at least one agent was one or two holes ahead of Trump on the course. Fired after spotting man pointing a rifle through a a fence. Law enforcement officials said a witness saw the man dart outta the bushes and take off in a black Nissan, which helped Sheriff's deputies track and stop him while he was headed down I 95.


The man who, again, I don't do names of shooters and the reason I don't do names of shooters as a, as a general, general rule is because it incentivizes further shooters. They want the publicity, they want their cause publicized. So instead I give you all the details that I can about the shooter without mentioning the name of the shooter because again, I don't want to incentivize. This is probably the only good social science on mass shooters or assassins, is that they want to be notorious, they want to be well-known and depriving them of that is maybe the least I can do. Like the only thing I can do as a member of the media not to increase the, the sort of publicity around people who would do something evil like try to shoot the former president of the United States. The would-be alleged shooter was detained and is facing criminal charges.


Investigators said they didn't know if the gunman himself fired a shot during the encounter. Again, authorities found an AK style rifle with a Scope two backpacks and a GoPro portable camera. He was about 400 yards away from the former president of the United States. So the police pointed out that the man in fact was there for an assassination attempt. The the first breaking news, it was unclear whether he was there. I don't know what, what else he would be there for. You don't normally just go to a golf course with a gun and point it through the fence, but here were the police yesterday announcing that the man arrested was there to assassinate. This is Sheriff Rick Bradshaw, One 30 this afternoon. Call came out, shots fired. That was called in by the Secret Service because we're in constant contact with them all the time.


We were notified of that and we had units here that immediately sealed off the area in the bushes where this guy was is a eight K 47 style rifle with a Scope two backpacks, which were hung on the fence that had a ceramic tile in 'em and a GoPro, which he was gonna take pictures of. Again, the backpacks with the ceramic tile were presumably to provide some sort of false cover for him in case there would be an incoming shot from Secret Service because ceramic is is very often used as sort of a cheap substitute. For example, for Kevlar, the Secret service representative revealed that the assassin was in fact quite close to the president. If you have a rifle with a scope on it, 400 yards is not all that far And, and the president or before president was on the force behind him, how close It was One or two holes behind a hundred percent that 'cause the bubble moves acro through the golf course.


So our agents will get there first. Clear it. He noticed that the rifle was pointed out, our agents engaged. We are not sure right now if the individual was able to take a shot at our agents, but for sure our agents were able to to engage. Sheriff Bradshaw did point out that Trump does not have full perimeter protection. So full perimeter protection is typically given to the sitting president of the United States apparently, but not to presumably the leading Republican nominee for the president of the United States or the former president. So he has secret service or sort of on him bodily, but not necessarily locking down all generalized areas. And again, part of the problem here in terms of security is that you would have to have either Congress itself shut off, which the major thoroughfare, which is unlikely or much more likely you should have had Secret Service agents outside the fence when the president was in fact going around the golf course.


That would've been the obvious solution here. But says Rick Bradshaw, they actually didn't have the staff available to even secure the out the, the exterior of the fence, which is where this person set up for the shot. And it's a chain link fence. So it's not as though he had to sort of hop to get over the fence or anything like that At this level that he is at right now. He's not the city president. If he was, we would've had this higher golf course around it. But because he's not, the security is limited to the areas that the Secret Service des possible. So I would imagine that the next time he comes at a golf course, there'll probably be a little bit more people around the perimeter. But the Secret Service did exactly what they should have done. They provided exactly what the protection should have been and their agent did a fantastic job.


Well, it seems about time that the Secret Service be given full authority and staffing power to protect the former president of the United States, who again has now been subjected to two assassination attempts in the space of eight weeks. We'll get back to more on the alleged assassination attempt in a moment. First,


using the internet with that express VPN is like taking a call on a crowded train with the speaker on full blast. Do you really want the whole car to hear you discussing sensitive financial information with your accountant? Probably not. Well your internet service provider can see every website you visit and get this. They can legally sell that information to advertisers. That's why I use Express VPN Express. VPN reroute all your internet traffic through secure encrypted servers. It's like putting up a privacy fence for your online life. You think I want some stranger getting a front row view of my online activity? Zero chance one click on the expressive VPN app. Boom. I'm now invisible. ExpressVPN doesn't just hide your IP address, making it nearly impossible for third parties to track you. It's also ridiculously easy to use. Plus it works on all your devices, phones, laptops, tablets, you name it. Express VPNs. Got you covered. Protect your online privacy today by visiting expressive vpn.com/ben. That's E-X-P-R-E-S-S vpn.com/ben to get three extra months for free with my exclusive link. That's expressive vpn.com/ben, go check them out right now. Keep your internet traffic protected the way I do expressive vpn.com/ben. Get three extra months free with my exclusive link.


According to the New York Times, the Secret Service significantly bolstered Trump's protective detail after coming under intense criticism following an attempt on his life in Butler on July 13th that beefed up detail which includes additional agents and enhanced on the ground. Intelligence might have played a role in the outcome this weekend according to current and former officials. But the fact that a gunman was able to get a semi-automatic rifle with a telescopic site so close to the former president underscored how many urgent problems exposed in Butler remain unresolved and how difficult it is for the Secret Service to respond to an unpredictable and increasingly violent political environment. Except for this is not super tough stuff. I feel like I po I anyone could have possibly foreseen that. If you have the president of the United States, former president of the United States, and again right now a 50 50 shot to be the next president of the United States, the most controversial person in modern American history playing golf at a club that he owns, which he does fairly regularly, right?


He has several golf courses in this area and he plays them fairly regularly it seems like well within the possible purview of the Secret Service. You know, actually secure a fence that is not all that far away from the golf course. Like what had happen if the Secret Service had missed this guy hiding behind the bushes. Like let's say this guy had not been a complete moron and instead of hiding behind a couple of backpacks at the, at the exterior of this fence, there had been some sort of obstruction that he was actually hiding behind. So they couldn't actually see him from inside the golf course. And then he had waited until President Trump had moved up a hole or two. He would've been right next to President Trump, almost right next to him. I mean, as it turns out, the shooter is almost clear, is pretty clearly a left wing oriented nut job.


This is a person who clearly has some sort of mental issues from his record. Also happens to be politically oriented to the left as we'll. Get to in in just one moment. According to the New York Times, the biggest issues in Trump's protection seemed to be involving securing the protective perimeter of a targeted site, even one they know as well as Trump's properties. The Wouldbe shooter positioned himself in the bushes on the perimeter of the former president's golf club in West Palm Beach. A secret service agent was one hole ahead of Trump on the course and spotted the barrel of a gun prompting agents to open fire on the man again. That that right now, Joe Biden, the White House need to authorize full secret service, protective detail for the former presidents of the United States.


Clearly. And obviously they should have been done after Butler. Maybe that's the head of the Secret Service. Who's at fault again? Or perhaps the staffing levels that are being provided by the White House are not sufficient to meet the need. When it comes to President Trump, who again has been targeted by everything up to and including bullets at this point, president Trump issued a statement almost immediately saying There were gunshots in my vicinity. But before rumors start spiraling out of control, I wanted you to hear this first. I'm safe and well nothing will slow me down. I will never surrender. I'll always love you for supporting me. And by the way, politically, his message here should be no bullet is gonna stop the change. Right? That that should be the the message. Right now, Kamala Harris not to get political too early, but everything is political.


It's a presidential election. President Trump should be making the case 'cause she's making the case right now that she's a change agent when she clearly is not. As we'll talk about in a little while, president Trump should be making the case. No bullet will stop the change. That's the thing he should be saying. Clearly, openly and honestly. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris put out a statement in which they said they're relieved to know that Donald Trump is safe. Apparently according to the White House, the president and vice president had been briefed about the security incident at the Trump International Golf Course where former President Trump was golfing. They're relieved to know he's safe, they'll be kept regularly updated by their team. Now what about the shooter? Well, we know that his son also happens to be a left wing oriented, not his son told the daily male, this is the first I heard about it was my father shot or injured.


He then said that his father hates Trump as quote every reasonable person does. Clearly everybody is is perfectly sane and reasonable and rational. I don't like Trump either. The son added, but he said his dad is not a violent person and couldn't believe his father would target the president. He's my dad. All he is had is a couple traffic tickets as far as I know. His son said, that's crazy. I know my dad and love my dad, but that's nothing like him. Well, I mean that doesn't seem to be the case because we now have some information about his father's history. His father's history is a pretty checkered politically. Again, this is a person of the left he had exclusively donated according to the New York Post to Democrats since 2019.


He had apparently tweeted out something about how he wanted like a a VA Ram Swami Nikki Haley ticket at one point during the last presidential cycle during the the primaries, which is again, because this person is obviously pretty crazy and pretty nuts. With that said, this person is left-wing oriented. Without a doubt. He claims another social media post that he had supported Trump in his first presidential campaign in 2016, but then said that he was greatly disappointed. However, apparently he also backed Tulsi Gabbard during the 2020 Democratic primary and then he posted in favor of the Ra Swami. So all over the place. But overall, this is a person of the left. Not only is he a person of the left, this person has spent an inordinate amount of time talking publicly about Ukraine.


And so for example, back in 2013, who's actually, he was actually directly quoted by the New York Times in a piece about how foreigners trying to fight in Ukraine. Some of them were lying. This is a piece titled Stolen Valer Valor, the US volunteers in Ukraine who lie, waste and bicker. And the Wouldbe shooter is quoted about something called the Legion. The Legion is a, is a a foreign body that was created in order to allow foreigners to fight in Ukraine. It says, quote, with legion growth stalling the shooter. A former construction worker from Greensboro, North Carolina, is seeking recruits from among Afghan soldiers who fled the Taliban.


The shooter who spent several months in Ukraine last year said he planned to move them in some cases illegally from Pakistan and Iran's Ukraine. He said dozens had expressed interest. He said we can probably purchase some passports through Pakistan since it's such a corrupt country. And again, this is him talking to the New York Times. We get to more coverage of the alleged attempted assassination of President Trump momentarily. First,


we are now approaching the one year anniversary of the October 7th terrorist attacks in Israel. It was a day that shook Western civilization to its core. It's a stark reminder of the evil that exists in the world and the importance of standing with our allies. Well now the International Fellowship of Christians and Jews is giving us a chance to do just that with their flags of fellowship initiative. It's an opportunity for us all to remember the victims, honor the heroes, pray for those still held hostage, and highlight the unwavering support of Christians for Israel and the Jewish people. On October 6th, thousands of Americans will be planting flags across the country to honor the victims of October 7th. It's a powerful visual reminder we haven't forgotten and we won't forget. Your generous donation today will not only provide a flag symbolizing your support in church yards across America, it will also support the Fellowship's ongoing emergency efforts in the Holy Land. We can't stay silent. We can't stand the sidelines as anti-Semitism spreads like wildfire. Israel needs you right now. Visit Ben for the fellowship.org today. That's been for the fellowship.org. Israel is still under fire. Every bit of help is doing a world of good. Go to Ben for the fellowship.org. God bless and thank you.


This person was also quoted by Seor. According to Sefo quote, most of the Ukrainian authorities do not want these soldiers said the would be shooter. Again, this is back in 2023, head of the International Volunteer Center in Ukraine, a private organization with which helps foreigners seeking to assist the war effort, connect with military units and aid groups. I've had partners meeting with Ukraine's Ministry of Defense every week and still have not been able to get them to agree to issue one single visa. So this person was obviously working in Ukraine, spent time in Ukraine, went to Ukraine to join the war apparently, and in fact was interviewed by Newsweek about his work in Ukraine. This has been Newsweek, Romania, interviewing this person, talking about Ukraine.


So this is not a totally anonymous person. This person is extremely politically active. Obviously invest in Ukraine and also pretty obviously crazy. I mean, in this interview, the would-be shooter has died, half of his head blue and half of it yellow. In honor of Ukraine's flag, this person is pretty clearly nutty. Here we go. Please tell me who you are and why are you here? I'm 56 from the us, us from North Carolina originally. So I live in Hawaii now, so flew all the way from Hawaii here. So the question as far as why I'm here, to me, you know, a lot of the other conflicts are gray, but this conflict is definitely black and white.


This is about good versus evil. This is a storybook. You know, any movie we've ever watched, this is definitely evil against good. Okay, so again, this person very passionate about Ukraine, obviously, also pretty obviously pretty crazy, and unfortunately his son is wrong. This person does have a fairly checkered criminal past quote. This Newsweek, the suspect has reportedly been arrested eight times, mostly for minor offenses. He's actually convicted in 2002 of possessing a weapon of mass destruction. That's not a nuke, apparently. That was a fully automatic machine gun. A December 22 story by news and record in Greensboro, North Carolina said that a man charged with the same name was arrested after a three hour standoff with police and was charged with carrying a concealed weapon and possessing a weapon of mass destruction, referring to a fully automatic machine gun.


So again, all of this is indicative of a person who was unhinged, was unhinged on the left, particularly with regard to Ukraine. In March, 2022, he wrote, I'm willing to fly to crack out and go to the border of Ukraine to volunteer and fight and die. Can I be the example we must win? He, in June, 2020, tagged Trump's account said, I will be glad when you are gone. In April, 2024, he tagged Elon Musk and an expo saying, I would like to buy a rocket from you. I wish you loaded with a warhead for Putin's Black Sea Mansion bunker to end him. Can you give me a price, please? So once more, many things can be true.


One of late, the people who have attempted to assassinate presidents of the United States are crazy. Two, this person was left wing oriented on issues like Ukraine and have been interviewed by the mainstream media, by the legacy media on multiple occasions with regard to that. And three, the reality is that an extraordinarily polarized political environment when a presidential candidate is the victim of two separate attempted assassinations. When that happens, there should be some questions raised about the temperature of our rhetoric. Now again, the only person who's guilty of attempting to kill the former presidents of the United States and current front runner for the White House, the only person who is guilty of that thing is the attempted assassin.


Obviously. However, when you raise the temperature on the political rhetoric in a country, what you are doing is you are turning up the heat beneath a pot of boiling water and eventually it starts to boil over. You see this all over the world. This is not unique to the United States. You see this in pretty much every democracy. As you increase the temperature of the political rhetoric, violence becomes a byproduct of that. We've been entering an increasingly violent era that is particularly true since Black Lives Matter Summer in which widespread political violence was green-lit by the legacy media. We have now seen two separate assassination attempts against President Trump. I do not think that that is a massive coincidence. You have these free radicals who are roaming around.


They can find each other on social media and find support. And not only that, they're being told day in and day out that Donald Trump is a deep and abiding threat to the republic. Again, there is a difference between saying that you don't like Donald Trump's policies, or you think that Donald Trump's policies are bad for the country. It's another thing to say, as the left has for years at this point that Donald Trump as president of the United States would end elections in the United States, for example, that Donald Trump and his supporters are a threat to the very social fabric of the United States. That is a different thing. The same day that this assassin went out and attempted to shoot Donald Trump again, the Harris Walls campaign put out an ad by Bernie Sanders in which he said all of these things.


And we are two months out from the last attempt at assassination when there was just a moment of respite when people said, Hey, wait a second, maybe, maybe we wanna lower the temperature just a little bit bit. And they went right back to it. If you recall, president Joe Biden, who was barely alive at that point, he made a speech from the Oval Office talking about bringing down the rhetoric. And then within 24 hours, he was out there again suggesting that Donald Trump was a deep and abiding threat to the very republic of the United States. Again, this is an ad that Bernie Sanders put out the same day somebody tried to shoot Donald Trump again. Hi, this is Senator Bernie Sanders. There is clearly not a lot of time left in this election, so I'm asking everyone to pitch in to support Team Harris Walls today.


As I think you all know, this is the most consequential election in our lifetime. Donald Trump is extraordinarily dangerous. He is a threat to our democracy. He is among many other characteristics, a pathological liar. We together must do everything in our power to defeat Trump and his MAGA allies this November and elect Vice President Harris and Governor Wool as our next president and vice president. The bottom line is that we cannot win this election without a strong, Okay, so again, he goes on, but extraordinarily dangerous going to destroy America. These are the kinds of terms the left routinely uses about Donald Trump.


He's a dictator in waiting. He's Hitler without the mustache. Now, the fact is that our election cycle, this is really, really unpredictable. It's very difficult to predict the future in the middle of the craziest election cycle in history.


But while we're considering the nation's path, it's also a perfect time to think about your family's financial future. Enter policy genius, the country's leading online insurance marketplace, they're experts at helping you secure your family's financial future faster than Kamala. Harris can change her policy positions, even if you already have a life insurance policy through work. It might not offer enough protection for your family's needs. It might not follow you if you leave your job with policy Genius. You can find life insurance policy starting at just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars in coverage. Some options are a hundred percent online and let you avoid those unnecessary medical exams. Impressive, right? Their platform combines cutting edge technology with human expertise. You get access to quotes from top insurers, find the best rates, receive guidance from licensed professionals throughout the process. Remember, PolicyGenius works for you, not the insurance companies. Their recommendations are based on your needs, not commissions structures. Let PolicyGenius help you plan for your family's future. True peace of mind comes from knowing you've taken care of what matters most. Be ready for the future with PolicyGenius. Head on over to policygenius.com/shapiro or click that link in the description, Get your free life insurance quote. see how much you could save. That's policygenius.com/shapiro.


Depo. Democratic representative Jasmine Crockett, literally the day of this alleged attempted assassination, said, MAGA is a domestic terrorism threat. Here she was yesterday on M-S-N-B-C with Jen Psaki, former White House Press Secretary. When I talk about maga, I talk about the fact that when we swore in finally in January, that we swore to defend against those that are coming against us, whether they are domestic or international. And right now, I feel like MAGA in general, they are Threats to us domestically. They're threats, they're full on threats. Can you keep saying that sort of stuff over and over and over? It's not Jasmine Crockett's fault that some alleged attempted assassin tried to kill the presidents of the United States.


Apparently it is however, her fault that the temperature keeps increasing, it keeps increasing, and the left refuses to turn it down, turns down for what they refuse to turn it down. In fact, the one thing they will say over and over is that Donald Trump needs to turn down the rhetoric. So Donald Trump is apparently the font head of all evil rhetoric and overstatement in the universe. They themselves are perfectly innocent. Apparently, the great tragedy of somebody allegedly attempting to shoot Donald Trump again for the second time in two months, the great tragedy is that Donald Trump might say things that that's really the thing we ought to worry about. Here's M-S-N-B-C anchor Alex Whitt wondering if Trump should tone down the rhetoric. We do not know, again, the source of any gunshot or gunshots.


We don't know who's responsible for this. The whole thing has yet to be 100% confirmed from start to finish, how this all played out. But do you expect to hear anything from the Trump campaign about toning down the rhetoric, toning down the violence, or would that be atypical of the former President? Again, for the media, the problem is always Trump. Someone tries to allegedly shoot Trump. And the problem is Trump always forever. I mean, it's amazing. Meanwhile, NBC's Lester Holt saying the same thing. He says, they're so, the, the the GOP their rhetoric. Man, I, they should really tone it down. They should. Someone allegedly attempted to shoot Donald Trump in the head again.


And the first reaction of the legacy media is we're doing an amazing job. Everything we say about Donald Trump is 100% true, and he should tone down the rhetoric. Today's apparent assassination attempt comes amid increasingly fierce rhetoric on the campaign trail itself. Mr. Trump, his running mate, JD Vans, continue to make baseless claims about Haitian immigrants in Ohio this weekend. There were new bomb threats in that town. Our Maggie Vespa is in Columbus, Ohio with more Lester. Simply put, Springfield, Ohio has been inundated by threats over the last several days, closing government buildings, schools, hospitals today effectively closing a local university campus after administrators said someone threatened a mass shooting targeting Haitians.


This in light of officials say a false online conspiracy theory alleging Haitian immigrants in that city are eating people's pets. Okay, so again, they're, they're going right back to the well, the well is always that Donald Trump is at fault that JD Mansfield, even when someone tries to shoot Donald Trump, allegedly, they are at fault. And by the way, just in case you thought that those moderators in, in the last presidential debate were unbiased, here is ABC's Lindsay Davis, who is anchoring her first Sunday edition of World News tonight since the debate, she immediately moves from talking about the second Trump assassination attempt to talking about Trump's outsized rhetoric or vance's outsized rhetoric. Tonight breaking news as we come on, the air shots fired at Donald Trump's golf club in Florida as a former president was nearby the Secret Service opening fire.


After spotting a man with an assault style rifle, one suspect is now in custody, the former president is safe. The details just coming in from West Palm Beach as a secret service treating this as a threat against the former president. Agents have detained a suspect and have recovered a weapon. This comes two months after the former president survived an assassination attempt in Butler, Pennsylvania. Pierre Thomas and Mary S. Parks lead tonight's coverage also tonight, Springfield, Ohio on edge. Local schools are being threatened with violence and a college shuts down activities after threats were made following the baseless rumors that Haitian immigrants have been eating pets, Republican vice presidential candidate JD Vans defend spreading those claims.


The Ohio Governor calls the rumors garbage and says the immigrants are here to work. Meanwhile, CNN's Juliet Caem, she's lamenting this might be used for political purposes. Remember that? That's always the problem. It's the Republicans pouncing. That's the problem. Yeah, I really, you know, I don't care what you feel about him or who the or, or Harris or I mean you, this is, this is the expectation that he will be safe. And the reason why this is, you know, in some ways you, you said how close the election is, the promise. This is a safety issue that is being thrown into a very intense political environment in which the very fact of an assassination, a a constitutional moment, 'cause, 'cause, 'cause it's gonna, it would, could have impacted voters will be used for political purposes.


And that to me is, is just exce not as a, you know, exceptionally unfortunate because whatever your beliefs are, we do deserve to have campaigns that are not a part that, where violence isn't being used as either a DA sword or a shield. Amazing. David, from another sort of former nevertrump Republican who's turned into a full scale Democrat in the style of the bulwark, for example, David from who writes for The Atlantic, he tweeted, quote, Trump and his running mate have spent the past week successfully inciting violence in Springfield, Ohio. Today, they want to present themselves as near victims of violence, in this case, a violence completely unrelated to themselves and at a very safe distance from themselves.


Wait, what a very safe distance from thems like. Is 400 yards a very safe distance from Donald Trump? Because I feel like that is not in fact the case. And again, the, the sword only works one way for the left. If something bad happens to a left winger, it is because of right wing rhetoric, whether or not it's because of right wing rhetoric. When a mass shooter hits Gabby Gifford's in the head shoots Gabby Gifford's in the head, and it turns out it has nothing to do with Sarah Palin. It's still Sarah Palin's fault. When somebody who is tangentially interested in Trumpian politics, does anything remotely violence related, then of course it accrues directly to Donald Trump's demerit column. But if twice in two months somebody tries to shoot Trump in the, the head, allegedly, if that happens twice in two months, then apparently the left has no responsibility for that whatsoever.


None bad things just never attach so long as you say the right thing. So long as you are politically oriented correctly, if you are of the left, you can say whatever you want and nothing will ever touch you. There will never ever be any responsibility for even increasing the temperature. Forget about the shootings. Increasing the temperature will never, ever be your fault because you're just speaking truth. Well, as long as you're on the left, you can say pretty much what you want without any fear that there will be blow back. It's a, it's a rough world out there. The one thing that you can guarantee is your own health if you do the right thing. So I fly around a lot. Unfortunately, it's election season, I'm moving a lot. That means I have to keep my health at its very best. That's tough on the road. So I exercise, I try to get enough sleep, I eat well.


I need balance of Nature. Balance of Nature fits right into my day to day. Imagine trying to eat 31 different fruits and veggies every day. It sounds miserable and time consuming. With balance of Nature, fruits and veggies, there's never been a more convenient dietary supplement to ensure you get a wide variety of fruits and veggies every day. Balance of Nature takes fruits and veggies. They freeze dry them, they turn them into a powder, and then they put 'em into a capsule. You take your fruit and veggie capsules every day, and then your body knows precisely what to do with them. It's kosher, which means I can put it into the protein smoothie that I take every single morning. Go to balance of Nature dot com, use promo code Shapiro for 35% off your first order as a preferred customer. Plus, get a free bottle of fiber and spice. That's balance of Nature dot com promo code Shapiro. It's hard to keep healthy out there, honestly. It's time consuming. It's a pain in the butt balance of Nature.


It will help you out. Go to balance of Nature dot com, use promo code Shapiro, 35% off your first order as a preferred customer and get a free bottle of fiber and spice. Now, the reality is, I think most people see through this, I think most Americans do not see Donald Trump as a grave by, by the way, I don't even think that Joe Biden sees Donald Trump as a grave threat. It's all lies. It's all dishonest. We know it's dishonest because literally last week, Joe Biden put on a MAGA hat on September 11th, he was over in Shanksville, Pennsylvania visiting firefighters, and they were all Trump supporters. And as a joke, he put on MAGA hat. Now everyone took that as sort of lighthearted, which it was. It is worth noting at this point that if Joe Biden really thought about Donald Trump, what he says he believes about Donald Trump, he would never have put on a MAGA hat if Donald Trump really was the sort of Nazi threat to the republic that Joe Biden and the Democratic Party have made him out to be.


Nothing in the world could get him put on the MAGA hat. It'd be the equivalent of putting on a Nazi hat or a Hamas hat or Hezbollah hat. He wouldn't do it because according to them, Donald Trump is the gravest threat to the republic. In the history of the United States, January 6th clause by President Trump was the worst thing for the American body politics since the Civil War. And yet there he was putting on the MAGA hat, which is weird 'cause they don't actually believe it. They don't actually believe it. They just say it over and over and over for political cynical reasons. Meanwhile, the state of the race remains incredibly close. There's a poll out from Iowa that chose Donald Trump's Iowa lead shrinking significantly. The seltzer poll, which is usually the best on poll in America, says that Donald Trump's Iowa lead has shrunk from 18 points over Joe Biden in late spring down to about four points in Iowa.


Again, that demonstrates some renewed momentum, obviously for Kamala Harris. With all of that said, the race remains insanely close. Kamala Harris is within margin of error in seven different states, Arizona, Nevada, Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Georgia, and North Carolina. Nate Silver at this point is still suggesting that Donald Trump is the favorite in the election, despite the fact that Kamala Harris is ahead a little bit in the national polling. There's been movement toward her, but that movement toward her has not overcome the structural imbalances in the electoral college. According to Nate Silver, right now, if you had to take a bet, the electoral college probability for Trump is about 60% to about 40% for Harris, which means it is effectively a toss up election.


We have yet to see any new state polling really since the debate. So we don't know the impact of the debate. I would suggest that this race is stagnant, that everybody is basically locked in at this point, which means, as I've said before, if Donald Trump can be meticulous in his attacks on Kamala Harris, then he will win. It really comes down to that. It's that simple. Kamala Harris is an undefined quantity. That debate did not define her better. It defined President Trump better, but everybody already had a very clear picture of Donald Trump. It marginally made Trump look worse than people already think he is. That's pretty much all that happened with Trump. Trump was already a crisp photo and he got a little crisper. And then during that debate, Kamala Harris was a vague blob of an image, and she's still a vague blob of an image and nobody knows what the hell she believes or what she thinks, which is why the attempt to vibe her all the way to the White House will fail so long as the Trump campaign can actually move to define her and all the attempts to do otherwise, all the attempts to sort of gloss over the top with the vibes and the, and the feelings and the brat and all that, I don't think that that is destined to succeed as I'm gonna stop the media from doing their damnedest to try.


Brian Stelter, Mr. Potatohead, he was back on CNN after losing his job over there saying that the, the, the most important things about Kamala Harris are the images surrounding her, that that is not remotely true. Her policies will in fact come into question very, very soon. She's so obviously visually not Joe Biden, right? She, she is the hope and change and youthful energy in this race to, to me, the images are more important than anything she's saying right now. When she keeps filling these rallies, that's probably more important than what she says out loud at the Rallies. It's the images. It's the images. That's all that matters, except that it doesn't. I know that the Washington Post is running entire style section articles about dressing. Kamala Harris Harris seized the moment Saturday to speak to black lawmakers at a Congressional Black Caucus Foundation event, and she used her dress to help her do it.


Wow. She, she wore a long sleeve black sequin column dress by New York designer Laquan Smith. Amazing. Just in in incredible. That's, that's the important thing, except for it isn't, except for she is going to actually at some point have to explain what it is she wants to do with the United States. And every time she does it, it gets worse ever. This is why a meticulous Trump campaign, I keep coming back to this, this election is in fact Donald Trump and JD Vance's election to lose it is their election to lose. I say this is a Trump donor. I say this is somebody who wants Trump to win. I say, this is somebody who's gonna go campaign with a series of Senate Republican candidates. I want Donald Trump to win. I want the Republicans to retain the house. I want them to increase their share of the Senate to a solid majority.


Donald Trump needs to run a meticulous campaign. Yes, he's facing entrenched obstacles worse than any president of my lifetime. Yes, the media hate him more than they've ever hated anybody ever before. They hated George W. Bush and an awful lot, but they hate Trump even more. Yes, he's facing systemic obstacles in a wide variety of places ranging from state laws in some of the swing states to the obviously media Democrat complex. With that said, he's still running neck and neck with a horrifically bad candidate, and Kamala Harris proves it every time she goes out on the campaign trail. This is why it was such a frustration that Donald Trump blew the opportunity in the debate to actually hold her accountable instead getting distracted with various rabbit holes that he wished to run down about his own tariff plans or about his crowd size.


In just one second, I'm gonna bring you Kamala Harris uncut and man it is terrible. Kamala Harris off script is a disaster area and the Trump campaign should be making the most of it. We'll get to that in just one second. First, this weekend we took on Hollywood's heavyweights at the box office. Am, I. Racist didn't just hit THEATERS, it shook them. Right now, Am I Racist is the number four movie in the country. That is correct. Number four, we achieve this with just 1500 THEATERS while the elite studio releases ahead of us are playing in two to three times as many locations. Here's something, those major studios don't have a 99% audience score on Rotten Tomatoes with over a thousand reviews plus Am I Racist is already verified hot. Now we need to make week two even bigger. Let's keep the momentum going.


Here's how we do it. Go to mi racist.com right now for tickets and showtimes near you. You've already seen it. Tell your friends, family, neighbors, coworkers, tell everybody if you haven't seen it, go get all of them to come with you to the theater. Post it on your Socials, we can see it. We're sharing it, we're loving it. Keep filling the THEATERS. I'm getting notes everywhere from Florida all the way over to like Marin County of packed THEATERS. Going to see Matt Walsh's brand new film, one of the hottest films in the country. Am I Racist. Thank you to everybody who joined us for opening weekend. We truly couldn't do any of this without your support. Let's keep the momentum going. Get your tickets right now at Am I Racist dot com Alrightyy. So, as I say, Kamala Harris is awful when she's off script. Again, I think it's a tragedy that President Trump didn't, shell lack her in the debate, but this election still has 50 days to go.


It's time to define her and she is defining herself every day. The media are ignoring it. The media are preferring to focus on what dress she wore when she spoke to the Congressional Black Caucus or something. They're preferring to focus on her crowd sizes or Taylor Swift or whatever it is. An obligation, a moral obligation for the Trump Vans campaign to just play EC clips of Kamala Harris over and over and over, over the weekend. She had what ought to have been the interview of the year, like leading the news on every network because she has only done two interviews. Donald Trump has survived more assassination attempts this year than Kamala Harris has done solo interviews since becoming the nominee. I'm not even kidding. Donald Trump was nearly shot on July 13th and then he was apparently nearly assassinated over the weekend.


Kamala Harris has done one solo interview since becoming the nominee one. It happened over the weekend and it was awful. Apparently she did this interview with a BC six local and she answered a grand total of five questions, which is really exciting stuff. So this interview did not go well for Kamala Harris again. She, she went to a BC again 'cause A, B, C are like her. Very, very best friends. One of the things that we actually found out over the weekend is that a BC news anchor Lindsay Davis, who was one of the moderators in the debate, of course, she admitted in a post-debate interview with the LA Times that she wanted to address concerns. Trump's statements could be allowed to hang there unchallenged by his opponent or the moderators and So.


she was preparing to fact check Trump but didn't prepare to fact check apparently by omission, anything about Kamala Harris, which is why Kamala Harris was never fact checked. Apparently she told the LA Times people were concerned that statements were just allowed to hang and not be disputed by the candidate Biden at the time or the moderators in the first debate, So, she prepped to fact check Trump, but not fact check of course. So Kamala went back to the, well, she sat down with a b, c six action news, a local affiliate of a b, C news, and she answered a grand total of five questions from action news six A, b, C anchor Brian Taf. It began with him asking what she would specifically do to bring down prices as president of the United States.


And here was her horrifyingly bad answer. 'cause she's trash at this. I understand. She's vibes and she's brat and she's cool and, and she's, she's, oh man, she's just the feelings. Ugh, the joy. So much joy. She's awful at this. It's one of the things that is driving everyone nuts, who watches politics even sort of by way of fun. Even if you are just tangentially associated with politics. If you've seen a tape of Kamala Harris in the past six years, she's awful at this and we're told she's great at this. Here is her being awful at this. When we talk about bringing down prices and making life more affordable for people, what are one or two specific things you have in mind for that?


Well, I'll start with this. I grew up middle class kid. What, what, what? My mother raised my sister and me, she worked very hard shaking. She was able to finally save up enough money to buy our first from the hands house when I was a teenager. Oh wow. I grew up in a community of hardworking people. Wow. Montreal Construc workers and nurses and teachers in Montreal. I tried to explain to some people who may not have had the same experience, you know, if, but a lot of people will relate to this. You know, I grew up in a neighborhood of folks who were very proud of their lawn And their lawn. You know, lawn, When I talk about building an opportunity economy, it is building very much with the mind of investing in the ambitions and aspirations and the, and the incredible work ethic of the American people and creating opportunity for people, for example, to start a small business.


So We build a square just healthy. We build a square build, it's like a lawn. And then we built a triangle to support the middle class. Okay? You, you might have noticed that the actual question was, can you name some specific ways to bring down inflation? It's like, I was born back in the 1960s, and let tell you, when God first created Adam and Eve in the garden, there were trees. And in those trees were fruit. Some might say, you know, some people don't understand fruit. They don't, they don't wanna, they don't understand fruit. What are you talking about? What, what the what what the, here's the thing.


She was asked the specific question. At the same debate. People wonder why I'm frustrated about the debate. I'm frustrated because it was such a blown opportunity, but she keeps doing it. So the opportunity's still there. The question was, how are you going to bring down inflation? And she's like, chapter one, I am born like, well, what? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. And then she continues like this So, she starts jabbering about the American dream. She says it's elusive. It's not attainable. You literally are a person who just said you grew up middle class to impoverished, according to you, despite being born to two Berkeley professors and growing up in Canada, in the upper class neighborhood. And then you suggest the American dream is elusive.


Well, you seem to be the very embodiment of the American dream given you have no redeeming qualities and yet are the presidential nominee for the Democratic party and possible current front runner maybe that, here we go. Look, we don't have enough housing in America. We have a housing supply shortage. And what that means, in particular for so many younger Americans, the American dream is elusive. It's just actually not attainable. It's, it's elusive. And ah, God, she, she's maddening to watch. She's maddening. Just a series of bumper stickers searching the landscape in search of meaning. It's amazing. And then she's asked to name a difference between her and Biden and she's like, well, I, well, and, and, and then also, and I'm, and I'm, well, I'm a black woman.


Here we go. And so I wonder if there are one or two spots, policy areas or approaches where you would say, I'm a different person. Well, I'm obviously not Joe Biden, and I'm obviously, yes, you Can see different human, you know, I, I offer A new generation of Leadership. No. So for example, thinking about developing and, and creating an opportunity economy where it's about investing in areas that, and now we're moving around Groceries, Really need a lot of work. Moving hands here And maybe focusing on, again, the aspirations and the dreams, but also just recognizing that at this moment in time, some of the stuff we could take for granted years ago, we can't take for granted anymore.


She's awful. Can you name why you're different? What name some policies where you're different from Joe Biden? Well, I'm obviously not the same human as Joe Biden. Wow. Wow. You answered that question. Congratulations. There are 8 billion of us on planet Earth. You're not like any of those other people either. 'cause you're a different person than those people. What, how are okay, if you lose to this, if you lose to this, you deserve to lose to this. I don't know how else to put it. You cannot lose to this. She's awful. She's awful In every possible way. It's possible to be awful. and she was asked about her support for the assault weapons ban And. here is her answer. I feel very strongly that it is consistent with the Second Amendment and your right to own a gun. To also say, we need an assault weapons ban.


Explain, they're literally of war. Explain. They're not literally, They were literally designed to kill a lot of human beings. Quickly, I say we need universal background checks. The majority of NRA members support that. Okay, you, you literally are not even describing why your policy is incontinence with the Second Amendment at all. I mean, honestly, it's very easy to get exercised over all of this stupidity. And sometimes you just need to, you know, kind of vibe out, really vibe. And that's when you need one of these. Behold this meditative candle. Yes, it is indeed a magical candle. This is the all new seasonal fall candle butter, scotch and bourbon. Now available in my personal collection at The Candle Club.


It's reliably sweet, boldly refined for rich buttery scent that's perfect for fall. You can head to The Candle Club dot com slash ben, get all of my candles and become a member of The Candle Club. Get 20% off plus free shipping on every order right now as a founding member. You get an exclusive box with 115 bucks. There are limited quantities. So head on over to The Candle Club dot com right now to shop while supplies last. Again, you are going to need to meditate a little bit. You know, breathe a little bit this election cycle, because let's be real, this is a rough election cycle. So you need this particular magical cent. Head on over to The, Candle, Club. Get 20% off plus free shipping on every order. And again, as a founding member, you get an exclusive box worth 115 bucks. Go check it out right now, The Candle Club dot com.


Finally, she finishes up with a pitch to Trump supporters. Do you feel convinced as a Trump supporter, I can tell you I remain unconvinced. What do you understand his appeal to be and how do you speak to his voters? Or maybe people who just share his values but are open to something else? I based on experience and, and a lived experience. A lived experience, Huh? No, in my heart, I know in my soul, I know, oh, in Her heart and Her soul, that the vast majority of us as Americans have so much more in common. And what separates us, oh, let's Say a Platitude. And I also believe that I am accurate in knowing, accurate, in knowing that most Americans want a leader who brings us together as Americans, together As, And not someone who professes to be a leader who is trying to have us point our fingers at each other.


Oh my God, why are you even pretending this person is good at this? She's awful at this. She's awful. There's a reason Joe Biden was like, I'd rather run than her. 'cause at least I have some brain cells. She's the emptiest vessel in the world. These are easy questions, simple, predictable, easy questions. She's blowing every single one of them, which means that the Trump campaign needs to point that out over and over without being distracted by silliness. Kamala Harris isn't just incoherent. She's also a liar. You remember during the debate when she claimed that there were no American soldiers in active duty war zones, which is absolutely 100% untrue. Perhaps the funniest clip of the weekend came via members of the American military, who I believe are stationed in Jordan. Here is their reaction to Kamala Harris telling this insane lie?


Well, I'll tell you, I agreed with President Biden's decision to pull out of Afghanistan. Four presidents said they would, and Joe Biden did. And as a result, America's taxpayers are not paying the $300 million a day we were paying for that endless war. And as of today, there is not one member of the United States military who is in active duty in a combat zone, in any war zone around the world the first time this century. Wait, what? But let's understand. So where the fuck are we right now? You can see all these guys being like, what, what? Now what?


Because she's a liar. Wes Moore, who's a, who's a sycophantic supporter of her campaign, he's a surrogate. He had to walk this one back on Face the Nation yesterday. Well, I, I, I think what was, what the intent was, was that this is not, you know, counter to the, to the, you know, convictions of, of the Trump administration. That somehow our world was safer under him or we had less people in in, in conflict. That is just not true. But I think the really important thing to remember is, is that we do have people who are in harm's way every single day. We have, we have soldiers, sailors, airmen, and Marines, coast Guardsmen, who every single day are out there with our flag on their shoulder and who are defending our freedoms and defending our values.


Yeah, well, I mean, maybe she should have said that as opposed to, you know, being a terrible liar. And the thing about the Harris Walls campaign, it's not just empty, it's false, but it is also really, really empty. So it turns out that her running mate, Tim Walls, who's a super duper weirdo, I mean, I don't know how many times I have to point this out. The dude's a weirdo. Have you seen him come out at a rally? He looks like he just did a line in the back room. He comes out, he starts waving his arms like a nut job. He's pointing to people who don't exist, shouting and screaming and ranting and raving. And then there's his wife. Now you'll remember his wife. His wife is the lady who's caught on tape during the Black Lives Matter riot, saying that she left her windows open, So, she could sit, she could smell burning tires because it, it made her feel better about her co.


Like she's, she's okay, but she's also the worst substitute teacher you ever had. So here she was rallying with her crazy husband. Even her husband's embarrassed by her honest, just watched Tim while in the background even he's like, honey, you gotta stop this. She's at the podium and she starts talking about turning the page, but only by irritating the living crap out of everyone in a 300 mile radius. Wow, you would not want this lady in your homeroom. She showed up in your homeroom. You would dive out that glass window shards following you. Here we go. But I kind of liked it when she did this. Turn the page. You like that? Okay, so I need you to be with me and practice with me.


What are we gonna do? We're gonna like Turn the page. Oh, pretty good. Do it again. We're gonna turn the Page. He's like, and we're gonna see he's doing your nervous hand motion. Alright. He starts clapping because he thinks she's done. Because when I see Wisconsin, and I'm one watching national and tv, 'cause it's a pretty important place, and Minnesota help you practice with this, you just show me this. Turn the page, right? Turn the page, and you know what else that looks at Him like? He's like, get her off there. Yeah. Bye-Bye bye. It looks like Bye-Bye bye-Bye. Donald Trump. We're turning the page. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait. Are you, wait, what?


Are you turning? Is it the page? Wait, wait. 52 days. Can you do it again? We're turning. Wait again. Oh, thank you. 52 days. Wait, wait, what are you? Bye-Bye. Donald Trump. Oh my God. Are you ready for four years of that? Is this what you want? I swear the people involved in this campaign are the most irritating human beings on planet earth, on the planet. I know people have reservations about Donald Trump. I know people think that he does crazy things and he does say some crazy things on social media. Like for example, over the weekend randomly he decided to attack Taylor Swift. I don't know. I don't know why he did that. I don't see any reason for that. He literally put it out on, on truth social in all caps. I hate Taylor Swift. I don't understand.


I mean, I also hate her music and think that she's kind of awful, but I'm not running for president. And it seems to me that you should focus on the things. But in terms of the irritating people in this campaign, let me just point out to you that the presidential candidate on the democratic side of the aisle is Kamala Harris. And you know the meaning of the importance. And when you think about the context, and Doug Mh Hof, who honest to god of all the people in this campaign, Doug Emh drives me the most crazy. As a Jew who takes his religion pretty seriously, Doug Emh makes me want to vomit Nonstop. Nonstop. You know what he actually said over the weekend again that only by marrying Kamala Harris, did he feel more safe in his Judaism.


You're in Los Angeles. Mad dude in like the entertainment industry. Can I just point out secular Jews in the entertainment industry in Los Angeles? They're not that uncommon. Introducing Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for teens with built-in limits for who can contact them and the content they can see helping teens safely connect to the people and things that matter most plus teens under 16 require parental approval to change safety settings. New Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for who can contact them and the content they can see. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


Doug Moff. What a, what a joke he is. What an absolute jo. Honest. Honest to goodness. Everything Doug Moff pretends to be for the media is the opposite of what he is. Guys. He's an amazing husband who nails the nanny and then maybe pays for her abortion. He's also an amazing father who raises a pro Hamas daughter, but he's amazing at this. Also. He's just a submissive kind of beta who is like a partner to law, whatever. He's awful. And then you have Tim Walls, a complete hysterical job who ran his state into the ground and his wife Turn the page turn. This is who you want America. Is this who you want for four years or maybe eight? You want this?


Are you serious right now? This is the thing that you are seeking out that's putting aside their policy just as humans. They're so irritating. They're so irr. If you're taken in by this, if you look at that and you're like, man, I feel vibes. I don't know what to tell you, man. Something going on with you. Woo. Okay. Meanwhile, good thing the Trump campaign is laser-like focused on the issues. So we have now entered week two of Cat Gate. This is the argument of whether Haitian immigrants are eating cats in Springfield, Ohio. Now, as I mentioned last week, there are very serious issues regarding Springfield, Ohio. Issues about the impact of mass migration, about giving temporary protected status to tens of thousands of people without vetting them are real issues, creates massive social services burdens.


It creates problems of cultural integration. It creates problems of crime. It creates all sorts of issues when you take a town of 60,000 people and just add on 20,000 migrants from Haiti because you wanna staff up the local factories as though you couldn't find anybody anywhere else in America to do any of that. Now, that's kind of a problem, however, it seems to me a distraction to be talking about whether they're eating the dogs and eating the cats. Now remember that started off as kind of a originally mentioned by JD Vance because some of his Conti constituents had mentioned to him reports like that and, and then Donald Trump took that and ran with it during the debate and expanded it to not only eating the cats, but also the dogs, and also apparently other household pets.


And that of course, became the living meme from the actual debate. There's a remix of the Trump eating, the dogs eating the cat song that absolutely slaps my kids love it. I'm not even kidding. That's a real thing. However, it would be about time right now for the Trump campaign to focus in on, you know, the fact that Kamala Harris is an awful candidate who believes terrible things and won't make clear any of her positions. It seems like it should be about that the media have one job and one job only, and that is to turn this campaign into a referendum on Cat Gate. That is, that is what this is all about. It's, it's foolish. It makes no sense. The media have decided that this is a major issue that they're going to push over and over and over. They're doing it largely as a distraction.


So for example, JD Vance yesterday was with Dana Bash and Dana Bash for like 17 minutes, asked him about the eating the cats and the dogs thing, and Vance just wrecked her. I mean, he, he really did. There was one point during this, during this interview where he calls her out for just sick of frantically presenting answers to Kamala Harris during the only other interview that she's done during this entire campaign cycle. Here. He was, Would you like to ask me questions and then let me answer them, or would you like to debate me on, on these topics? I noticed that when you had Kamala Harris and Tim Waltz, you gave them multiple choice answers to the questions that you asked, and you allowed them to answer the questions. I'm happy to hear, to be here to talk about policy, but if you're gonna interrupt me every single time that I open my mouth, then why am I even doing this?


Okay. So that happened to be a really, really good point. But she wasn't there to ask him questions and get answers. She was there to browbeat him. So the same day that somebody allegedly attempted to shoot Donald Trump again, Dana Bash spent 17 minutes implying that JD Vance was responsible for bomb threats in Springfield, Ohio because of a cat gate. Nobody is disputing that the, that the town of Springfield, Ohio needs help. But you're not just a bystander, you're the senator from Ohio. So instead of saying things that are, are wrong and actually causing the hospitals, the schools, the government buildings to be evacuated because of bomb threats, because of the cats and dogs thing, why not actually be constructive and helping to better integrate them into the community?


Dana, First of all, let me just respond to, to a couple things that you said, but I wanna start with something that you said, which I think is frankly disgusting and is more appropriate for a democratic propagandist than it is for an American journalist. There is nothing that I have said that has led to threats against these hospitals. These hospitals that bomb threats and so forth. It's disgusting. You just accused me of inciting violence against the community when all that I've done is surface the complaints of my constituents. People who are suffering because of Kamala Harris's policies, are we not allowed to talk about these problems? Because some psychopaths are threatening violence. In the middle of this interview with Dana Bash, the media attempt to swivel away from Dana Bash having an awful interview with Kamala Harris and JD Vance's calling her on it to focus on this clip.


So in this clip, JD Van says that his constituents have been complaining about the eating the cats thing, right? And that he has surfaced that and he has elevated that complaint as sort of the tip of the spear in order to put focus on the problems in Springfield, Ohio. The way that the media decided to interpret this is that JD Vance made up out of whole cloth the claims about people eating cats in Springfield, Ohio, that he made up a story in order to get attention. That's not what he's saying. They're lying about what JD Van said, and it's pretty obvious from what he said that they're lying about what he said. I am talking to my constituents and I'm hearing terrible things about what's going on in Springfield and Kamala Harris's open border policies have caused these problems.


The American media totally ignored this stuff until Donald Trump and I started talking about cat memes if I have to. But it wasn't just the memes, right? If I have to create stories so that the American media actually pays attention to the suffering of the American people, then that's what I'm gonna do, Dana, because you guys are completely letting Kamala Harris coast. I say that we're creating a story, meaning we're creating the American media focusing on it. I didn't create 20,000 illegal migrants coming into Springfield thanks to Kamala Harris' policies, Okay? So he's not saying that he made up the cat story. He's saying his constituents are telling him this thing. He's elevating their complaints and then his quote unquote, creating a story in the same way that the media create a story, meaning creates a narrative around a true story or a story that has been reported by his constituents.


The media decide that they're going to run with this idea that he made up the cat story outta Hu cloth because what they want more than anything is to distract from the actual issues of the campaign. Here's Josh Shapiro, the person who is not picked for vice presidents of the United States by Kamala Harris because he happens to be a Jew on State of the Union doing his damnedest. The governor of Ohio, the mayor of that town in Ohio has said, this is all made up. These are all lies. There's no truth to it. And the United States Senator from Ohio just came on your show and blamed his own constituents for his own lies. This guy's so pathetic, but the thing is, it is dangerous.


There is a causal connection between the BS that JD Vance and Donald Trump spew and the safety and security of the American people. And so again, they're gonna try and spin this into another Charlottesville hoax or into another blood bath hoax that this is what they're going to try to do. It's nonsense. Don't fall for the propaganda. With that said, Trump and JD Vance need to be focusing full time meticulously on Kamala Harris' record on her switches of positions on the fact that she is a liar on the fact that as Vivek Ram Swami said on this show last week, she's the face of the machine. That is what they need to be focusing on, and if they do that, they will win.


And they need to be focusing obviously, on the hardcore ground game that Democrats are so good at. That's gonna be the election. But the bottom line is this, you know, today, I think we should all be once again thanking God that Donald Trump was not shot. I think that today, once again, we should be recognizing that we are one away from a vast cliff that no one knows what's gonna happen if we fall off of it. I mean, I felt this way on July 13th. Thank God Donald Trump avoided that bull. It was an act of God, God, that he avoided that bullet. July 13th, yesterday, he avoided another assassin. This is a country that feels like it's on the precipice of something quite terrible, and there are only a couple of things that can be done to prevent it.


One is obviously better secret service, but the other is people need to stop proclaiming that people on the other side of the political aisle are going to full scale, destroy the country, and are hit layering in figures. They should not do that because the more you say that, the more you are making it real. And that is something that unfortunately the media seem to have no intention of ratcheting down. Okay, in just one second, we'll get to all of the Donald Trump, Laura Loomer of it. First, if you're not a member, become member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us Republicans or Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white people. Make Those growing up, never thought much about race. Never really seemed to matter that much, at least not to me, Am, I, Racist.


I would really appreciate it if you love, I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover, say I'm racist. Joining us now is Matt certified DEI expert. Here's my certification. And what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. Listen, more for you in this field, is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington monument to the George Floyd Monument. America is racist to its bones, so inherently, yes, This country is a piece of White folks, trash white supremacy, white woman, white boy. Is there a black person around or this black person right here? Does he not exist? Say I'm racist. Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name?


I'm Matt. I just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never be too careful. Ain't gonna say you racist. IN THEATERS, NOW rated PG 13,


Mayflower Cigars Where. will the voyage take you honor a legacy steeped in tradition and excellence with Mayflower cigars? Each vila is handcrafted, blended, and aged for and until precisely the right time from dawn to dusk. go to Mayflower Cigars dot com today and see where the voyage takes you. You must be 21 years old or older to order Some exclusions apply


Reasons to vote for Democrats. A comprehensive guide by Michael Knowles is the most exhaustively, researched and coherently argued case for the Democratic Party to date. The book is one that Donald Trump himself even called a great book for your reading enjoyment. Plus, it's a must have addition to any political observer's coffee table. Head over to Daily Wire dot com slash shop to get your copy today. Warning this book is intentionally left blank. Side effects for voting Democrat may include feelings of hopelessness, depression, anxiety, and reduced testosterone, increased crime, higher taxes, rampant abortions, and a strained relationship with your father.