
Well, tonight is the big vice presidential debate. This will be the last scheduled debate of the 2024 election cycle.


Join Daily Wire Plus tonight for extensive coverage of the 2024 election season, including the VP Debate. Our exclusive pre and post backstage show is tonight with Daily Wire Plus you get daily uncensored ad free shows from most trusted names in conservative media. And for a limited time, get 47% off your new Daily Wire Plus membership with Code Fight. Don't miss out. Head on over to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe and join the fight today.


Now again, this election remains extraordinarily close. I spent yesterday campaigning with Senate candidate Eric Huffy in Wisconsin. It was a wonderful day meeting constituents, meeting folks in that swing state. That swing state is incredibly close, so of course is Michigan, so of course is Pennsylvania, which is why a vice presidential debate has now taken on some added significance. When I talk about how close this election is, we should point out that at this point, even the Democratic candidate in Michigan, her name is Ly Lakin, is suggesting that Kamala Harris may be down in Michigan. Remember, if she loses Michigan, this election is likely over hell. If she loses Pennsylvania, this election is likely over. On the other hand, if Donald Trump loses North Carolina, this election is likely over the other way.


So this, this election is incredibly close. Here was the Michigan Senate candidate for the Democrats admitting that she believes that actually Harris is running slightly behind Michigan right now. I'm not feeling my best right now about where we are on Kamala Harris in a place like Michigan right now. We have her underwater in our polling. Okay, well that obviously is a big admission there by Alyssa Lock, and that means that something that usually doesn't make a huge difference like a VP debate could make a big difference. 'cause again, very unlikely there's gonna be another presidential debate. Kamala Harris wants one on one of the left-wing networks. Trump wants one on Fox News. Neither side is going to agree to that. Both sides seem to be willing to sort of hunker down behind their particular blockades and just wait to see what the results are.


So what exactly has to happen tonight? Well, this is a real contrast in styles. JD Vance, of course, is a brilliant person. JD Senator from Ohio. He is 40 years old. He's a kid, relatively speaking. He is my age, JD Yale Law School bestselling author, really fast on his feet. Really quick, extraordinary knowledge of the facts going into this debate. And Tim Walls who serve a populist yeller. So the expectations for Vance are high. There's been an attempt by the Trump campaign to lower the expectations for Vance in advance of the debate. They've been saying that Walls has been through many debates before, and that of course is true, and he hasn't performed horribly in those debates. Meanwhile, the Walls team is trying to do the same thing with regard to JD Vance.


They're talking about how, how wonderful Vance is, how Vance is gonna clock walls, how walls is basically, you know, just like a poor dumb teacher from the Midwest, despite the fact that he's a two term governor from the state of Minnesota and he's been through this ringer before. The real question here is whether this has any impact at the top of the ticket. Now, the temptation for JD Vance is going to be to go after the target rich environment that is Tim Walls and Tim Walls is in fact a target rich environment. In fact, we are now learning, for example, that Tim Walls claimed at a 2014 congressional hearing that he wa he says he was in Hong Kong during the 10 Men Square massacre. That wasn't true. Is there anything in this guy's biography That is true. Tim Walls has been a very radical character in Minnesota for a very long time.


Here's a clip from just a few years ago in which Tim Walls talks about the beneficial effect of mass migration to Minnesota. He's so happy they're speaking 50 languages at the local public school. We have more refugees per capita than any other state. That's not just morally a good thing. It's our economic and cultural future. This beautiful diversity we see out in Worthington. When I'm there, you see 50 languages spoken in the school. Again, this is who Tim Walls is, the guy who said on national tv. And just a few weeks ago, he suggested that socialism was just another word for neighborliness. So he's a target rich environment. With that said, it would be a mistake for JD Vance to aim his fire at Tim Walls.


Understand that the audience for this debate's not gonna be as big as the presidential debate, but it will be tens of millions of people. And this is the opportunity to label Kamala Harris for what she is. Meanwhile, for Tim Walls, his task is actually not going to be to attack Trump. He has to believe already that Donald Trump is, you know, well established in the public mind. Everybody already has their thoughts about Trump Walls is gonna go after Vance, specifically Walls is going to declare that he's weird. This has been part of his campaign, that he's too extreme, that he's true right wing, that he's a representative of sort of a strange subterranean politics in America. That's gonna be what Walls does. And of course, he's gonna have to try and build up Kamala Harris.


And that is where, again, this is the great shortcoming of the Kamala Harris campaign. There is nothing there. There's nothing there. So good luck to Tim Walls in that particular department. Now, Kamala Harris's campaign is all about emptiness and her economic plan, if you can call it a plan, is a disaster area. Get ready for a massive tax hike and almost 40% top income tax rate, 7% increase to the corporate tax and ridiculous capital gains tax on unrealized gains. Also, she can add almost $2 trillion to a current $2 trillion deficit.


You might be thinking it's time to make more of your savings, tax sheltered and inflation sheltered. This is where I trust the good people at Birch Gold Group to help you the way they help me. Birch Gold will assist you in converting an existing IRA or 401k into an IRA in gold. And the best news is you're not gonna be a penny out of pocket. Just text the word BEN 2 9 8 9 8 9 8. Get a free info kit on gold. There's no obligation, just information on fortifying your savings before the crazy really hits. As the exclusive gold partner of the Daily Wire for the past eight years, an a plus rating with the Better Business Bureau and thousands of happy customers you can trust Birch Gold too. Text BEN to the number 98. 98 98. Get your free info kit today, that's BEN to the number 98. 98 98. Ask all of your questions and once they're answered, think about investing in gold with my friends over at Birch Gold. Text BEN to the number 98. 98 98 and get your free info kit today. Again, that's BEN to the number 98. 98 98 to get started.


As far as preparation transportation, secretary Pete Buttigieg has been the person who's prepping Tim Walls for the debate on the Democratic side of the aisle. Meanwhile, representative Tom Emer of Minnesota has stood in as walls for Vance's practice sessions. Walls apparently attended a multi-day debate camp in northern Michigan according to the Wall Street Journal. Meanwhile, Vance is not expected to participate in preparation is quite so formal, although obviously the, the reality is that that Vance is a super smart guy and while he's on the road, he's certainly prepping this thing. Okay, the bottom line is, will there be a major move out of this? Well, not unless there's some sort of major collapse by one of the candidates, could it do damage to Kamala Harris's campaign? Sure. But the person who's doing the most damage to Kamala Harris's campaign right now is in fact Kamala Harris because she is just an empty suit.


She's a total empty suit on every front. The most obvious front right now being this hurricane. Hurricane Helene tore through parts of the panhandle of Florida, then tore through parts of Georgia and really, really slammed North Carolina. There are hundreds of people who are missing in North Carolina right now. Parts of the states underwater serious damage done well. The, the response from particular governors has been pretty good. The response from Brian Kemp in Georgia has been good. The response from Ron DeSantis in Florida has been excellent. They had the electricity back on right away. Again. I think the underrated part of Ron DeSantis appeal when he ran for president is that he's actually really good at being governor.


He really cleans up the state When something bad happens, he makes sure that things are taken care of quite quickly. In fact, DeSantis said that he would rather see Joe Biden Go to North Carolina, then to Florida specifically because North Carolina has been so hard hit. He said, we have what we need right now. I think most of the effort should be in Western North Carolina right now because you still have active rescues that need to take place. He's right about that. But here is the thing, it is amazing how when a Democrat does okay, like just okay with a hurricane, this is considered a great signal moment for the Democrat. Remember Barack Obama in 2012 with Hurricane Sandy, which hit the northeast and he and Chris Christie were hugging on the tarmac and really helped him in the last days of the election cycle in 2012.


And that was considered like an amazing thing. Meanwhile, George W. Bush, who really did not handle Hurricane Katrina all that badly, was treated as though he were Satan, deliberately attempting to drown people in New Orleans. Well, here's the question. What is Joe Biden doing? I understand that Joe Biden has been holding calls with governors. That's that's what you do as president. And listen, didn didn't make the rules. If I made the rules, I wouldn't care about people jet setting to various disaster locales in order to do photo ops. I really wouldn't. I think it's a really dumb trope of American politics that when something bad happens, you have to put boots on the ground of a major politician to show empathy or sympathy. Again, that, that's not my bag for me. The question is, do the services get provided or do they not?


But I'm not the one who made these rules. The person, the people who made these rules are the people of the left. The Democrat media complex made these rules. You have to demonstrate how much solidarity you have with people who are suffering by going to these places. And here's the thing, Biden ain't here. Ains, they've been busy. Donald Trump, however, did, so Donald Trump went and visited a disaster area in Georgia, and he talked about what was going on on the ground. We're here today to stand in complete solidarity with the people of Georgia and with all of those suffering in the terrible aftermath of Hurricane Helene throughout the region, our hearts are with you. And we are going to be with you as long as you need it.


It's called an hour of need. You're in our prayers and we pray to God. And throughout this long weeks, the long weeks that lay ahead, you're gonna have a lot of work, but the end result is, it's going to be good. We just wish so many people weren't so badly hurt, and in many cases, sadly no longer with us. Okay? So the media are very angry with Trump for going there. They're also angry with Trump because they say it's politicizing, it's politicizing that he went to these places. And also he got pretty overtly political. For example, he suggested that perhaps Joe Biden was sleeping right then. And Have you reached out to President Biden about federal relief records? No, I haven't reached out to him.


No, he, I think he's sleeping right now, actually. Okay, so everybody is fighting mad about this. On the left, political has an entire headline. Trump turns Hurricane Helene aftermath political. Now this is really disingenuous stuff. Again, if a Republican is governor of a state and something bad happens in the state, the entire media turned that into a referendum on the evils of the Republican. If however, a Democrat botches something, a natural disaster or say a generalized disaster like East Palestinian, Ohio, if the President doesn't do what he's supposed to do, if, for example, there's a massive fire in La Jaa that burns down the entire city in Hawaii and the federal government is completely awol, then we're supposed to pretend it's totally apolitical and has nothing to do with either local, state, or federal governance.


That is the double standard that rules here. But I think the American people can see through it. And they certainly can see the inauthenticity that springs from Kamala Harris. So Kamala Harris put out a photo in the middle of this hurricane. The photo is accompanied by the following caption quote. I was just briefed by FEMA Deanne Creswell on the latest development about the ongoing impacts of Hurricane Helene. We also discussed our administration's continued actions to support emergency response and recovery. I also spoke with North Carolina Governor Cooper about the ongoing rescue and recovery efforts in North Carolina. Our administration will continue to stay in constant contact with state and local officials to ensure communities have the support and resources they need. Doug, and my thoughts are with all those who lost loved ones and those whose homes, businesses, and communities were damaged or destroyed during this disaster.


Now, I'd like to point out at this point a couple of things. One, there's a very famous picture of George W. Bush during Hurricane Katrina flying over the flood area. And he was dinged as being above it all. He was, it was suggested that he had no empathy for the people on the ground. 'cause there he was in Air Force one flying above the area. Rather than being on the ground, she put out the exact same picture and apparently nothing, not a big deal at all. Not only that, this picture is an absurdity on a couple of levels. It's like highlights magazine spot, the problem with the picture. Okay, so if you take a look at this picture, what you'll see is that she has an earphone in her ear and she wears wired earphones. The reason she wears those wired earphones is presumably to prevent Bluetooth hacking or something like that.


However, there is, but one problem, it's not connected to the phone. If you close up on the photo, you can see there is nothing connected to the bottom of the phone. So she's literally sitting there talking or listening to a phone with an earphone not connected to the phone, and she's poised with a pen writing on blank paper. There's nothing on the paper because she's an empty vessel, she's an empty suit, and she always has been. And Kamala Harris is a total empty suit. She's a nothing burger. She's a pseudo intellectual.


But if you would like to be a not pseudo intellectual, if say you'd like to get a degree from a university that actually shares your values, head on over to Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix Arizona. They believe we're endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes in equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. GCU equips you to serve others in ways that promote human flourishing and create a ripple effective transformation for generations to come. By honoring your career, calling you impact your family, your friends, and your community, change the world for good by putting others before yourself to glorify God. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, GCU online, on campus and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With 350 academic programs, as of June 20, 24, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand. Canyon. University, private Christian, affordable, is it gcu.edu Today?


What was she actually doing in the middle of the hurricane, according to Matt Visor, Kamala Harris is at an LA fundraiser with Stevie Wonder, Keegan Mic, Michael Kee, Sterling K Brown, Demi Lovato, Jessica Alba, Lily Tomlin, Alanis Morrison, Halle Berry performing menu, duck egg roll, goat cheese, honey, blueberry ball, beef, Wellington, lobster roll, crab cakes. That was as the hurricane went down. Real woman of the people over there, don't worry. She has the people at heart. Now, again, I don't care that much about performative politics, I really don't, but these are the rules. I didn't make them. This is just how American politics works these days. Meanwhile, president Trump was in fact on the ground in Valdosta, Georgia, and this was making Kamala and Joe very upset.


So they had to stage some photo ops. So here, for example, was Kamala Harris. Yesterday she showed up at the FEMA headquarters to pretend that she actually does something for a living. And then she ran away. She spoke for about five minutes, took zero questions, and jet set it right outta there. Thank you. I'll catch you later. Bye. And then all the government employees who have to by law clap for the vice president. They pretend that she's there to actually do anything, which of course she is not. Now, what actually would her policies be with regard to things like hurricane cleanup? I mean, she laid it out back in 20 19, 20 20 when she was running for president. She said that we should use disaster relief based on equity, which means based on race, which is against federal law and morality, It is our lowest income communities and our communities of color that are most impacted by these extreme conditions and and impacted by, by issues that are not of their own making.


And so, and women, absolutely. And so we have to address this in a way that is about giving resources based on equity, understanding that we, we fight for equality, but we also need to fight for equity. Understanding. Not everyone starts out at the same place. And if we want people to be in an equal place, sometimes we have to take into account those disparities and, and do that work. Hmm, hmm. Sounds like she will make an excellent president for everyone of particular melanin levels or something, because what she's talking about here is insane. Meanwhile, Joe Biden is in fact asleep at the Switch. Now he's speaking with these various governors, but it turns out that when you look like the bad guy at the end of Indiana Jones and the last crusade like you drank from the wrong goblet and you're just babbling into the microphones, it makes you look terrible regardless of what you're actually doing.


The presidency is in fact about optics. So if you're gonna do it, you gotta do it right. Joe Biden looks like death here. He just does, I mean, there's no other way to put it Here. He was talking, he was asked about what can you do for the North Carolina victims? He's like, Nope, we've done all we can And we've, we've given them all the, the, all, everything that we have. We're on the ground with ahead of time. So we're working hard. Are there Any more resources the federal government could be giving them? No, we've given them, we have preplanned a significant amount of it. Even though they didn't ask for it yet. Had hadn't asked for it yet. No. No. Okay. That first of all, terrible answer. And again, it shows he's not with it because the actual answer is we're giving them everything we have and we're willing to give them whatever they need.


No is a terrible answer right there. Meanwhile, Joe Biden who did a press conference, it didn't go well at the very end, he was asked about what he was doing during the hurricane. Why wasn't he, for example, at the, at at FEMA trying to direct traffic? And he said, I was commanding actually, who was in Rehoboth Beach, beach, Delaware On the hurricane. Mr. Re President, why weren't you and Vice President Harris here in Washington commanding this this weekend? I was commanding, I was on the phone for at least two hours yesterday and the day before as well. I command, it's called a telephone. Is it all my security? He commands, it's called a telephone. Wow.


It's that kind of sterling leadership that has led America to such high heights. But Joe Biden is very defensive. He's very defensive that Donald Trump is calling him out. So he literally released a video of himself from the Oval Office talking to a tv, I believe this is the fake Oval Office, by the way. They built like a fake oval office that he can broadcast from and, and this looks like a fake set of an oval office that you might put together for a school play. And then he's zoomed in some hostages to talk about how he's helping them. Mr. President, president and Governor Cooper, Donald Trump has, has accused both of you of ignoring the disaster. He is lying. Lemme get this straight.


He's lying. And the governor told him he was lying. The governor told him he was lying. I've spoken to the governor, I spent time with him and he told me he's lying. I don't know why he does this. And the reason I get so angry about it, I don't care about what he says about me, but I care what he, what he communicates to the people that are in need. He implies that we're not doing everything possible. We are. We are. And you and you, we spoke to the gov, I assume heard the Republican governor of Georgia talked about that he was on the phone with me more than once. So that's simply not true and it's irresponsible. Okay? He said as he was reading from the binder. Okay. Meanwhile, again, all of this is playing into a tight race in which every single little thing matters.


And one of those not so little things is the fact that we are about to have a major strike in the United States. The dock workers strike. You should go check out a YouTube video that we put out an episode of facts talking about the history of private sector unionization and strikes in the United States. If you wanna know more about the history and backdrop to what's going on right now, but there is a dock workers strike coming, and this comes amid the CNN polling, which says that Kamala Harris is in particularly bad shape with union voters. Actually, Look at where Kamala Harris is today. She is only leading by nine points. That would be the worst democratic performance in a Generation 10 points off the mark of Joe Biden, who of course won four years ago with sort of that union guy Union.


Joe W right. Won it by 19 points. She's 10 points off his mark and the worst in a generation. So the dock workers have now launched a major strike at ports from Maine to Texas. And the problem is she's stuck in the box. If she comes out against the unions, if Joe Biden were to use the emergency powers that are available to him under the presidency in order to forestall some sort of strike in order to create a cooling down period, which he can do, if you were to do that, then she would lose even more union votes. So you are likely to suffer from higher prices for the next several months because of what is happening right now. Because she wants to win union votes. The unions know they have the leverage, by the way, which is why they're doing this. While Kamala Harris is vice president and Joe Biden is president, according to the Wall Street Journal, dock workers walked off their jobs at dozens of ports from Maine to Texas at midnight, launching a strike that threatens to rattle the American economy five weeks ahead of the presidential election.


Members of the International Longshoreman's Association with Rep, which represents 45,000 dock workers at East Coast and Gulf Coast ports began picketing early Tuesday at cargo terminals that handle more than half of American import and export volumes as their contract with port employers expired port employers pressed by Biden administration officials to resolve the impasse, raise their offer on wages to a 50% increase over six years from an earlier 40% increase, along with other improvements in benefits in the 24 hours before the strike deadline. It wasn't enough. The ILA is seeking a 77% wage increase over the next six years, and you're doubling of their wages over the next six years as a condition to even sit down and talk.


Why are they doing this? Because they know they got their boy in the White House. The unions know that they have this administration by the short hairs, and they know they've got Kamala Harris's campaign by the throat, and they are going to squeeze. They're going to use the fact that they have control over a large block of union voters in order to get Joe Biden and Kamala Harris to do their dirty work, making it significantly less profitable and efficient to use American ports. By the way, American ports are already some of the least efficient ports in the developed world. American ports do not work 24 hours a day because of union contracts. American ports are not automated in large part because of union contracts. America's ports are already a disaster area. Now you're going to have the problem of an economic slowdown because of this port strike that Joe Biden won't do anything about that might keep you up at night, but you know what else keeps you up at night?


It's also uncomfortable betting as well.


I've decked out my entire bed with Boll and Branch now. I'm not usually one for changing with the seasons. My principles are always consistent when it comes to betting. That is another story starting with the Boll and Branch signature Collection. They're 100% organic. Cotton sheets are like the Constitution for your bed. Foundational, timeless. They get better with age. They start off buttery soft, somehow get even softer with every wash. Plus, you can easily add their blankets, duvets, and quilts without making your bed feel heavy or hot. Trust me, a fall refresh with Bolland Branch will have your mind changed for good. Best of all, Bolland Branch gives you a 30 night worry free guarantee with free shipping and returns on all US orders of a hundred bucks or more. Lemme tell you, when you're fighting the culture war day in and day out, good sleep is crucial. Hell, I'm on the road. I brought Bolland Branch blanket with me. I'm not even kidding. Start getting your best sleep this fall with Boll and Branch. Enjoy 20% off plus free shipping on your first set of sheets at bull and Branch dot com slash BEN. That's B-O-L-L-A-N-D Branch dot com slash BEN for 20% off and free shipping exclusions applies to site forward. Details. Go to bull and Branch dot com slash BEN get 20% off plus free shipping.


You wanna know why some, some reasons why the costs are higher in the United States right now. It's because of already existing port contracts negotiated by these unions with the government under Democrats putting their thumb on the scale in favor of the unions and against the employers. The walkout has shut down some of the country's main gateways for imports of food vehicles, heavy machinery, construction materials, chemicals, furniture, clothes, and toys. The longshore workers walked off their jobs after the union refused to meet with the group representing employers unless they first agreed to workers' wage demands. The White House is intervening. And of course, Republicans are saying, well, why don't you just keep the ports open? I mean, you can do that. You can force a cooling down period under federal law, under the Taft Hartley Act.


You can actually do that. And the administration is like, Nope, we're not gonna do that. So that is bad news for Kamala Harris as well. You know who to blame. The reason that this is all continuing is specifically because of the Biden administration. It's because of the Biden administration. And by the way, you have to add onto this. One of the reasons she's losing union workers is not because this administration is insufficiently pro-union. One of the reasons is specifically because I think that the Democratic Party, they just have the American people wrong, particularly blue collar workers. The Democratic party seems to think that what blue collar workers desperately want more than anything else is heavy social spending and a new kind of masculinity.


And that's a weird, weird pitch. America's men continue to fall further behind. According to the Wall Street Journal, the life's trajectories of America's sons and daughters are diverging presented with a more equal playing field. Young women are seizing the opportunities in front of them. Young men are floundering. The phenomenon has developed over the past decade, but was supercharged by the pandemic, which derailed careers, schooling, and isolated friends and families. And the result has big implications for the economy. The labor force participation rate for MA for males age 25 to 34 is under 90%. Okay? Those are young, healthy males under 90%. That is a bad number, not just that. It turns out that if you keep on promoting a closed economy that only benefits certain small sectors of the economy, it makes it much more difficult for people to succeed.


Americans are more and more reliant on government aid. According to the Wall Street Journal, American's reliance on government support is soaring, driven by programs like Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. The spending right now is at all time highs. A much larger share of Americans are seniors, their healthcare costs have risen, but you are also seeing a major share of people who are now on disability. A lot of that is untrue. The amount of money that is currently being spent on this is exorbitant. And guess what? People are not happy because of it. What Americans actually want is an opportunity to thrive, an opportunity to succeed. And for young men, they want an opportunity to actually live out that success in a masculine aggressive way.


But that's precisely what Harris and Walls are not promising here, for example, is the avatar of of masculinity. Molly Jung fast over at M-S-N-B-C talking about the pitch that Harrison Walls are making to men. I do think that Democrats have been trying to, to offer an alternative vision to this very sort of destructive masculinity that we're seeing on the rip being advertised. And an an example of that is Walls, right? Yeah, I was gonna say to walls, yeah, Tim Walls has been in, he was in a Michigan football game. He's talking to young men. He's trying to make the case. And also Doug, right? I mean, you know, the second gentleman is also, you know, trying to make a case for supporting your wife and how you can be a masculine guy.


So I do think there are inroads. It is certainly not as far along as the Republicans in their sort of embrace of masculinity. Oh, you mean because they actively alienate men, particularly young men, and then in return they offer them government dependency and the only people who get a leg up are people who are allies of the Democrats like the union leaders. Yeah. It turns out that might have some dire effects, not just on the economy, but on Democrats' capacity to actually win in this election. Young men are falling behind hell, a lot of Americans are falling behind.


Are you still struggling with back taxes or unfiled returns? Handling that alone can be a huge mistake and cost you thousands of bucks in these challenging times. Your best offense is Tax Network USA. with over 14 years of experience, the experts at Tax Network USA have saved their clients millions in back taxes. Regardless of the size of your tax issue, their expertise will work to your Advantage. Tax Network. USA offers three key services, protection, compliance, and settlement. Upon signing up Tax Network, USA will immediately contact the IRS to secure a protection order ensuring that aggressive collection activities like garnishments, levies, or property seizures are halted. If you haven't filed in a while, if you need amended returns or if you're missing records Tax Network, U USA's expert tax preparers will update all your filings to eliminate the risk of IRS enforcement. Then they'll create a settlement strategy to reduce or eliminate your tax debt. The IRS is the largest collection agency on planet Earth. Now the tax season is over. Collection season has begun. Tax Network USA can even help with state tax issues for complimentary consultation, call today, one eight hundred nine five eight 1000 or visit their website at tn usa.com/shapiro. That's 1 809 5 8 1000. or visit tn usa.com/shapiro today. Do not let the IRS take advantage of you. Get the help you need. Let tax Network USA


by the way, Republicans are finally, finally upping their spending in Senate races in places like Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Wisconsin. According to the Wall Street Journal, a group aligned with Senate minority leader Mitch McConnell, is planning to pour tens of millions of dollars in an effort to crack the Democrat blue wall with less than six weeks left to go before election day, the Senate Leadership Fund is gonna drop almost $70 million on tv, radio, and digital ad reservations in Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Wisconsin. All three of those are very, very close Senate races. Senator Bob Casey versus Dave McCormick in Pennsylvania. That one is basically a dead heat at this point. Eric Hdy I campaigned with yesterday in Wisconsin targeting the senator Tammy Baldwin and Alyssa Slotkin fighting Mike Rogers for the Senate seat in Michigan.


Stephen Law, president of the Senate Leadership Fund said that recent internal polling by the group showed Donald Trump competitive against Harris in those three blue Wall states and said the Senate races in those places were tightening as well. He said, we've seen these races closing. Those three candidates, McCormick, hdi, and Rogers, have all been outraised by their democratic opponents. So hopefully as that gap closes in terms of spending so too will the polling gap in those particular states. Meanwhile, Kamala Harris continues to run a lackluster campaign. It, it just is. She's got a pro campaign on the ground. I'll give her this. She is a pro. The democratic parties, they, they, they're professionals at the local level when it comes to getting out the vote. This is the thing they do quite professionally.


However, they happen to be running with an absolutely charmless and irritating candidate. Kamala Harris is so radically inauthentic. It's truly amazing. So she was on a podcast yesterday and the the levels of cringe and awkward on this podcast, truly unbelievable. Here she was explaining her love for Doritos. For example, One of my guilty pleasures, especially when I'm on the road, are my Doritos. Oh, what flavor? Nacho Nacho school. Original. Original. Come on, og. Come on. Red back. Yeah, no, that's exactly right. Red back. That's, you gotta have a napkin nearby, right? Yeah. Wow. Wow.


That wow. That, that's some that exciting stuff. That's Matt Barnes and Steven Jackson. Steven Jackson looking like he wants to slit his wrists live on camera while he listens to this supposedly intelligent platitude machine. Talk about how she likes the OG Doritos and needs a napkin nearby. Well, I mean, in, in other inspiring news, she, she eats no for breakfast. So between eating Doritos and No, that is apparently her diet Only. You should never hear no, you should never hear nobody like you has done this before or it's not your time or they're not ready. Like, don't hear that, don't hear that I eat no for breakfast. She's waiting for them to respond.


And Stephen Jackson, once again looking 10,000 yard stare just looking into the mob of death points to Steven Jackson. Matt Barnes is trying, Matt Barnes is desperately trying to be enthusiastic about this. Even Matt Barnes looks like he wants to crawl under the rug, but Steven Jackson is having none of it. Steven Jackson's like, man, this, this is worse than malice at the palace. This is, this is just awful here. Here's Steven Jackson with Kamala Harris where she explains making a pork roast Look. From the time that the president called me and told me he wasn't running, I mean it just like everything was in speedy, speedy motion. Wow. And I was not sleeping so well. And that one morning I just, I, I mean I had, I don't know, a few hours sleep and I, you know, I liked to sleep.


Wow. I just got up. I was like, and so I just went out and got a pork roast and started marinade. See kind of work Go to your happy place. And my family having to be in town. So they were very happy about the whole situation. But I just got up and started everybody asleep. I just got up and started cooking. That's what she makes for her super Jewish husband, Doug Emh. She makes the, the brisket for Passover and she makes the pork roast Very, very exciting stuff. So solid stuff there from Kamala Harris. You can see what that level of just absolute charisma, how wonderful this is. Again, Stephen Jackson, just, he, he, he's had enough. My best friend from kindergarten is still one of my best friends. Love it. That's crazy, right? Sta Stacy Johnson. Yeah. That's dope. I love it. We used to Go to the clubs and her father Seville.


Yep. Steven Jackson's like, oh, well that's a good story. That's a wonderful story. You know how hard Democrats have to work to make themselves enthusiastic about this election? And they, they've been yelling at Trump for a very, very long time and you know, at a certain point you yell at somebody enough and it gets really boring and Democrats have offered this absolute empty vessel and pretended that it's something incredible. Well, she is not. Listen, I wish that the Republican candidate had done a better job of labeling her in the debate. I wish that the Republicans had done a better job of pointing out just what an empty vessel she is. I wish that this sort of stuff got wide play. I wish it did. But the bottom line is there's still 30 days left of the election, 34 days left until the election the pedal has to be to the medal.


It's time to expose Kamala Harris for what she is because I'm sorry. She cannot be allowed to enter the White House on the basis of absolute gobbledygook. Platitude late in nonsense. Kamala must be exposed for what she is, you know, betting on this election. It's gonna be rough because who's gonna win? I mean, who the hell knows? Bet.


If you are interested in betting on this election bet online is the place to go beyond traditional sports. BET Online gives you the option to bet on political events like the Presidential, or if you're sports fan bet online makes sports betting more accessible and convenient than ever before, BET Online is the best place to do all of this. Producer Jake just placed a bet on who will win the election. He bet on Trump to win at even odds. It seems like a pretty good bet. With just a few clicks, you can place bets on your favorite teams or events from the comfort of your own home BET Online prides themselves on they're higher than average betting limits of up to 25 grand. You can increase your wagering amounts by contacting their player services desk, by phone or email. So while you're watching your favorite team or the news on the upcoming elections, why not spice things up with a friendly wager at BET online? Go to bet online.ag. To place your bets today, use promo code BEN for a 50% signup bonus of up to $250. That's BET online.ag. Use promo code BEN bet online the options are endless. Go check them out right now. Again, you get that special deal when you Go to bet online.ag and use promo code be you get a bonus of up to $250.


Okay, in just a moment, we'll get to the latest from the Middle East first. As we mentioned, that 2024 Vice presidential debate between Vans and Walls is coming to Daily, Wire Plus tonight. Let's face it, these debates are better with friends, especially friends who can spot every lie and false promise. That is why we are doing a special backstage with pre-show analysis from Matt Walsh, Michael Knowles, Andrew Recla, Jeremy Boring, and of course, yours truly. Plus, stick around for a post debate breakdown with insights you're not gonna hear from the mainstream media. So instead of yelling at your TV alone, why don't you just come yell with us, the vice presidential debate tonight, 8:30 PM Eastern at Daily Wire Plus ready to join the fight? Get your new Daily Wire Plus membership now for 47% off. Just head on over to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. Use code fight to join today.


Well, the folks at the White House, of course, are incredibly unserious people, deeply unserious people. Remember earlier I mentioned that there is a dock worker strike that's going on. Joe Biden, the current president of the United States. I know that we're not supposed to remember that. He is, Joe Biden is out of it. This is an amazing video. This happened the other day. He was asked about the fact that Israel had struck ports in Yemen. The who? These in Yemen had been firing cruise missiles at Tel Aviv and Israel fired back and destroyed a couple of ports in Yemen. So Biden is asked about this. Jill walks away from it. Jill's had enough of this. She's done. She she's signed off. She said it to life. She's gone. Joe staggers over to the camera and then proceeds to interpret a question about Israeli strikes on Houthis ports as a question about the dock workers strike, because he is no longer with us.


Gang, Any comment on the strikes in Yemen? Mr. President Fall over staggering over God. Settle the strike. Support the collective bargaining effort. I think they'll settle the strike. Oh, with a collective bargaining effort, they will settle the strike. That's the wrong strike, my friend. It's this kind of world leadership that leaves America's enemies trembling in fear. It's also the kind of leadership that comes from Joe Biden when he says that there ought to be a ceasefire between Israel and Hezbollah in southern Lebanon. Well, it turns out that there was in fact a ceasefire between Israel and Hezbollah in southern Lebanon. It was drawn up in 2006.


It was supposed to end with southern Lebanon not being occupied by Hezbollah. Hezbollah then occupied it, built up 200,000 rockets and started firing thousands of them into Israel over the course of the last year. And now Hezbollah is getting the crap kicked out of it. and Joe Biden wants to seize fire because that's what he does, because he is a fool. I'm gonna stick with this. What's that? I'm gonna stick with this subject, but go ahead. I, I Well, just The fact that Israel may be now launching a limited operation in the Lebanon. Are you aware of that? Are you comfortable with their Plan? I'm more aware than you might know. And I'm comfortable with them stopping. We should have a ceasefire now. Thank He's comfortable With them stopping. Stopping. So on the basis of what, and then the door opens, like it's the haunted mansion.


He tries to stagger out. I mean, this unbelievable schmuck. I mean truly, he's an amazingly bad president. Well, Israel has been succeeding by ignoring Joe Biden. According to the Wall Street Journal, Israeli special forces have been carrying out small, targeted raids into Southern Lebanon, gathering intelligence and probing ahead of an expected border ground and incursion. According to people familiar with the matter, the raids have included entering Hezbollah tunnels located along the border. And they've occurred recently as well as over past months. Last night, Israel went in a little heavier on the ground in Lebanon, an attempt to clear out the weapons cas and the Hezbollah terrorists from Southern Lebanon. They were actively playing another October 7th style attack. This time in the North Israel thwarted that by removing their entire civilian population from Northern Israel.


And now of course they're going into Southern Lebanon in order to make it safe for their own citizens to live in their homes again. And they are succeeding. How well are they they succeeding? Well, their enemies around the region are freaking the really freaking out, really freaking out here, for example, is some video of the deputy leader of Hezbollah giving a speech. This is the new leader after Hassana Raah apparently broadcasting from the same closet where Drew Barrymore hid et in the film of the same name. And he, he's just underground somewhere. There's clearly no air conditioning. And this guy is sweating so profusely that he's wiping, he's like mopping at himself with a handkerchief from a closet somewhere, 60 feet underground. Look at him. He's just like, he can't even get through sentences.


He's just wiping himself, just sweating Robert Hazen airplane water pouring off of him. An inspiring look from Hezbollah. Yes, Hezbollah has proved itself to be a paper tiger, at least thus far. Meanwhile, apparently the Iranians are so afraid of the Israelis, they are afraid to move. One of the most hilarious stories I have ever seen with regard to a foreign intelligence operation comes courtesy of the evil ex Iranian president. Mahmud. Amjad Amjad apparently alleges that the Iranian intelligence services had set up some sort of unit designed to combat the activities of Israeli masad in Iran.


There was only one problem. It turns out the head of the Secret Union was a masad agent. That's how good, honestly, like I I've said this to, to friends and family. There's a, a genre of TV and movies that people colloquial, colloquially call competent porn. Basically it's just people being competent, like really good at their jobs. And I'm, I'm very into this sort of thing, right? I like to show the bear because it's about people being good at cooking. It's about people being competent. I I like all sorts of shows, billions where people are good at the thing they're doing, even if what they're doing doesn't make them good people. I like when people are good at the thing they're doing right now. What we are watching in real time is such high levels of competence from the Israeli Mossad and from the IDF and from the IAF, that it really is astonishing.


That is an amazing story that they built an entire union in Iran according to the ex-president, to ferret out Mossad agents. And Mossad is so good that the head of the union was Mossad. That's, that's an amazing, amazing story. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for his part, he's telling the Iranian people, we stand with you. I mean, this is a, this is a time of transformative change in the Middle East because America's erstwhile allies, Saudi Arabia, Israel, are totally ignoring Joe Biden. If they had listened to Joe Biden, Iran already would've won a stunning victory following October 7th, simply by deterring further Israeli actions to reestablish its own deterrence. Instead, Israel is totally ignoring Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, and they're winning because of it.


Don't let a small group of fanatic therts crush your hopes and your dreams. You deserve better. Your children deserve better. The entire world deserves better. I know you don't support the race and murderers of Hamas and Hezbollah, but your leaders do you deserve more? The people of Iran should know Israel stands with you. May we together know a future of prosperity and peace. Remember, morons like Tanah Hassi cots are claiming that Israel is the problem in the region, not Iran. I mean the, the ishness of the left is, is truly something to behold. Meanwhile, by the way, the Biden administration is doing heavy lifting on behalf of terrorists.


Truly like the Biden. DOJ signed into chat on a lawsuit against the UN Ref Relief and Works agency, the UN RWA, which is basically a Hamas front group. People were suing the UN RWA for terrorism. The Biden, DOJ said they have immunity. Legal immunity. They argued that no one at the UN RWA could be sued despite effectively being a terrorist organization. And then as it turns out, Israel the other day killed a person named Fat Sharif. He apparently was the head of the U-N-R-W-A Teachers Union in Lebanon. Okay, well there's only one other problem. He was actually Hamas leader. Hamas released an actual tribute photo of him. That's what the UN RWA is.


It's still funded by the United States if Joe Biden has his way and America's allies at this point are just working without the United States because Joe Biden is so terrible at this. This is why he needs to go among other reasons, various and sundry. Speaking of the complete fecklessness and cowardice of the Biden administration, the Afghanistan Times is now reporting that the Taliban remember that group that Joe Biden decided should rule Afghanistan. Remember, instead of just leaving a skeleton crew there to provide forward operating information based on aerial capacity to the Afghan government, he decided to pull out completely and let the Taliban run the place. And then he touts that as a wonderful move for everyone. According to the Afghanistan times, the Taliban have now invalidated all divorces granted under the previous Afghan government, forcing divorced child brides to return to their former husbands to be raped.


Presumably thousands of young women, some of whom married as children, are now legally bound to return to adult husbands that they had been freed from. The new rule is being widely condemned as a grotesque violation of women's rights trapping many in abusive marriages. Well, there's a shock. It turns out that the cowardice of the West once more ends with human suffering. If the west refuses to stand up for itself, it's gonna get eaten. I mean that, that is the message. And when the west does stand up for itself, it wins. That is the other message. Yesterday there was a major controversy that broke out in Great Britain when a British politician named Chemi Badnock made the apparently politically incorrect statement that not all cultures are equal. This apparently was an international scandal. Chemi badnock, by the way, happens to be black.


Now, you've written this morning about immigration, and you are right that we cannot assume that all cultures are equally valid. So which cultures in your view, are less valid than others? Oh, Lots. Cultures that believe in child marriage, for instance, or that women don't have equal rights. I actually think it's extraordinary that people think that's an unusual or controversial thing to say. Of course, not all cultures are equally valid. I don't believe in cultural relativism. I believe in Western values, the principles which have made this country great. And I think that we need to make sure that we continue to abide by those principles to keep the society that we have now. And this for some reason is found to be controversial.


If the West can't even say that, that's uncontroversial the West doesn't deserve to continue. That is the most uncontroversial statement I have ever heard in my life. And this became a giant row in the uk. Any country that is unwilling to say that its culture is better than other cultures is a country that's not going to survive. Period. And, and that happens to be true of the West. And we busily have a west that is trying to commit cultural suicide. In particularly this way. No civilization worth itself can actually work if it doesn't believe that it ought to stand up for its own principles.


Let's talk about something that actually does work. Efficient business finance management. You wanna know how to run your company's finances smoother than a well-oiled machine. Check out Ramp. Ramp is a corporate card and spend management software designed to help you save time and put money back in your pocket. Ramp gives your finance team unprecedented control over company spending. You can issue cards to every employee with actual limits and restrictions. A novel concept. In today's world of runaway expenses, ramps accounting software automatically collects receipts and categorizes your expenses in real time. No more chasing down receipts like a dog. After a squirrel, your employees won't waste hours on expense reports allowing you to close your books eight times faster. Unlike most so-called Money Saving Solutions, Ramp actually puts cash back in your pocket businesses using Ramp, saving an average of 5% in their very first year. Plus, it's easier to set up than my son's Lego sets. You can get started issue virtual and physical cards and start making payments in less than 15 minutes. Whether you have five employees or 5,000 and now get 250 bucks when you join Ramp. Just Go to Ramp dot com slash shapiro Ramp dot com slash shapiro. That's RA p.com/shapiro. Cards issued by Sutton Bank member FDC terms and conditions apply.


Joining us on the line is Seth Dillon, CEO of Babylon, B and Kristen Wagner, president and CEO of Alliance. Defending freedom of Babylon B has filed a lawsuit against the state of California. So Seth, tell me about this lawsuit. Well, I wish we didn't have to file lawsuits to defend our right to tell jokes, but unfortunately this is where we're at. Gavin Newsom has been wanting to crack down on speech. He doesn't like jokes, he doesn't like, he saw a viral video that was mocking Kamala Harris. It was like this AI generated, you know, kind of deep fake parody thing. And he commented on that immediately. This is a few months ago, he commented on this and said that, you know, this, this kind of thing should be illegal.


And so I guess there was already a bill that was in the works that they kind of accelerated to get pushed through that would make this unlawful right around election time. You know, making parodies like this definitely seems politically motivated to me, but it affects the Babylon bee and our ability to do satire. So we've retained the services of a DF, thankfully they fight for freedom and they're here to help us push back on this. So, Kristen, on a legal basis, you know, the, the claim by California presumably is that they're just trying to crack down on actual misuse of, of face and that the, the, that when it comes to some forms of informational usage, that those could theoretically violate the law in terms of fraud. What's the problem with how they Drew this law or trying to draw these regulations?


Well, they're claiming they have an interest in the fair elections, but yet what they're doing is using a sledgehammer to essentially crush the first Amendment rights of all Americans in the process, including making jokes illegal though there are a couple of different statutes that are in place in California. The first one that the lawsuit is focused at is where California is saying that if there's any type of mis materially deceptive content, and of course California gets to decide what that is, that that content, if it could potentially harm a political candidate's chances of getting elected, it's illegal. And it's not just the candidate that can sue, it's anybody including you, can be sued if you repost this information.


So it's just a roadmap for censorship and it's a blatant violation of the First Amendment. So Seth, one of the things that they're apparently trying to do is suggest that you must label satire or parody as satire parody. Apparently people are too stupid to recognize otherwise. Now, as a professional joke, making human, what does it mean if you would have to label everything that you do as satire or a parody? We've kind of wrestled with this for a long time because as you know, the baby Wabi Hass been fact checked many times over the years we've been accused of trafficking and misinformation under the guise of satire. That's what the New York Times said a few years back. And so there's always been this, this suggestion that we're misleading people on purpose that we need to do more to make people aware of the fact that we're publishing satire.


But it really does ruin the joke when you put a massive disclaimer. I think the requirement, Kristen can correct me if I'm wrong, but I think the requirement in this law is that the disclaimer be at least as large as the largest font that's in the actual, you know, article or parody itself. And so if we have a headline that's got very large font, we need to have a disclaimer that's equally as big or bigger than the headline itself. It completely ruins the joke, and we're not willing to do that. So we're gonna continue to have to violate the law, which then puts our business in jeopardy. Because if we get sued repeatedly by state officials for violating this law, it could potentially bankrupt us and put us outta business if we're covering all their legal fees. So, and, and so then we have the dec the decisions that we have to make, well, do we wanna publish these particular jokes because we could have these enforcement actions that chill speech, because then we're gonna be withholding content that we would otherwise publish, if not for these laws and their penalties.


So Kristen, you know, you mentioned that, that California here is trying to basically, you know, kill a fly with a sledgehammer. What would a more calculated approach look like to stop people from disseminating, say a deep fake of you? That, that wasn't satire or parody, it was just you saying that you full scale endorse, you know, abortion on demand and the transing of children or something. How, how could that be stopped should the government step in in those circumstances? Well, In a number of instances, there are already laws in place to do that. You know, whether they're election fraud laws that really are inter actually interfering in elections, whether it's defamation and there's actual harm to a reputation, we already have laws in place to deal with these types of issues. Adding this law, especially when it's impacting core political debate, is really just an attempt for the government to be able to put its thumb on the scale of speech that it likes.


Its content discrimination because it's focusing on the subjects like political debate. This law only applies to candidates as an example, or elected officials, and it's viewpoint discrimination as well. And that if a candidate or someone wants to post something, for example, that is positive about a candidate, but untrue, the law doesn't apply to that. And so there's just no way that this law is consistent with the First Amendment because of how it's being applied. It's also very vague in its definitions. I mean, the last person we want to decide what's true or false in our political debate is Gavin Newsom. And, and that's essentially what's allowing California officials to do. It will have a nationwide effect.


Because actually you can get sued. I can get sued as a private citizen for just reposting something that the Babylon Bee puts out there. Well, Seth, you know, do you ever find it puzzling that you've become the center of so much firestorm over the course of the creation of the Babylon be, it really is kind of amazing how the Babylon Bee has, I would say, quasi inadvertently changed the world in ways that you guys probably didn't intend. I mean, if it had not been for the Babylon be becoming apparently the focal point of every bit of left wing ire, then probably Elon Musk doesn't buy X, which obviously changes the, the direction of free speech in the country. Do you ever like sit there at night and just wonder why it is that this, this thing that started as a, a fairly small satire site and that has now grown into, grown into a successful business that, that that has changed the nature of free speech in the country so much and the debate around it.


It's definitely not something we ever expected. You know, we, we literally did just set out to tell jokes on the internet, try to make people laugh, be entertaining, you know, speak truth to a post truth culture. Using humor did not expect to be on the front lines of a battle for free speech in the public square. But this is, it's where we find ourselves because there's so much opposition to the First Amendment and what the First Amendment protects, and it, you see it happening all over the place. There's op-eds being written about how maybe it's time to do away with the Constitution. You had John Kerry just the other day talking about how the First Amendment is a, I think the word he used was roadblock. It's a roadblock right now. It's in our way. It means that we can't decide what's true for everyone, which is what we need to do in order to retain our power and whatever.


And that is just, you know, thank God for that roadblock. Thank God that we actually have that roadblock preventing these tyrants from deciding what's true and what jokes we're allowed to tell. So Kristen, what is the next step for the lawsuit? Where are you? Where are you filing this thing? The lawsuit's already been filed. We're waiting for a judge to be assigned. I think you can also expect that a preliminary injunction will be requested as well, a permanent injunction to stop the law from going into effect, both on a temporary basis and then a long-term basis. It's very telling that this law went into effect immediately upon Newsom's signature so that it affects, it's supposed to affect this election cycle. And I think it's just important to point out that when we allow the government to Use code words like misinformation or disinformation, that is state sponsored censorship.


And that blurs the lines between democracy and dictatorship. That's Christian Wagoner of Alliance, defending freedom, always doing amazing work on the legal side. And of course, Seth Dylan, CEO of Babylon be the funniest site in America doing yeoman's work in making you laugh and also pointing out the stupidity of a lot of bad ideas. Seth and Kristen, thanks so much for your time. Really appreciate it. Thank you man. Thank you. Alright guys, coming up, there's a movie that's gonna come out in late October. It's called Conclave. I never do this, but I'm going to Savage a movie I haven't seen because I have read the book and what's coming with this movie, the amount of press this movie is going to receive and the reasons for it. Pretty gross. If you're not a member, become a member. Use code Shapiro, check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us The stage you set.


The stakes are Sky high. Senator Vance, governor Waltz, face off, but who will land the knockout punch. Don't watch the debate alone. Experience it with the most trusted names in conservative media. Daily Wire back stage brings you unfiltered commentary, fighting wit, and expert analysis you won't get anywhere else. Join BEN Shapiro, Matt Walsh, Michael Knowles, Andrew Cleven, and Jeremy Boring for a debate night you'll never forget. Daily Wire Backstage tonight, eight 30 Eastern, seven 30 central.


Only on Daily Wire Plus.