
At Ashley, you'll find colorful furniture that brings your home to life. Ashley makes it easier than ever to express your personal style with an array of looks in fun, trending hues to choose from, from earth tones to vibrant colors, to calming blues and greens. Ashley is pieces for every room in the house in the season's most sought after shades. A more colorful life starts at Ashley Shop in store online today, Ashley, for the love of home


Well folks, believe it or not, we are now in the home stretch of the 2024 election. Both the RNC and the DNC have taken place. We are still sort of awaiting word as to how much of a convention bounce Kamala Harris received after the DNC or how much of a reverse bounce Donald Trump then received after RFK Junior's endorsement on Friday. Suffice it to say that the race is extremely close. You've seen a little bit of national polling suggesting that Kamala Harris has jumped into a fairly solid lead, six or seven points. But that is not durable polling at this point in time yet. We have to see how everything sort of settles out, how it shakes out right now in the real clear politics. Polling average Kamala Harris has about a one and a half point lead in the Nate Silver expectation in terms of popular, which has about a four point lead in the states.


However, this thing is absolutely tight as a tick. We are talking about a dead heat in pretty much every state. The following states are all within two percentage points in the polling average, according to real clear politics, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Arizona, Nevada, North Carolina, and Georgia. Remember, just for the sake of the map, in order for Donald Trump to win, he has to win North Carolina, Georgia, Arizona, and then one of Wisconsin, Pennsylvania or Michigan. That's what he has to win in order to take the presidency back from the Democrats. In order for the Democrats to win, they can lose North Carolina, Georgia, Arizona, and Nevada as long as they hold Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. So again, most of this comes down to the blue wall.


If they pick up any of those other states, good indicator that Kamala Harris will In fact be the next president of the United States. But all of these polls are basically dead heat. Wisconsin is a one point game in favor of Kamala Harris. Again, that's within margin of error. Pennsylvania is a dead heat. Trump plus 0.2 Michigan Harris plus two, Arizona, Trump plus 0.2, Nevada Trump plus 1.4, North Carolina, Trump plus 0.9 in Georgia Trump plus one. These are very, very tight numbers. Now here's the thing, we may have hit the high watermark for Kamala Harris. This is the point that I was making last week. She has now gone. Gotta update the timer. Gotta update the clock. Here we go. You ready? 37 days without answering a single serious question about, you know, de Fenestrating her boss and then taking over and about the fact she's been vice president for the past three and a half years, and why exactly she's not running as the incumbent.


Why is she running away from her own record at this point? 37 days, which is absolutely sickening and disgraceful. What we just watched is one of the most jaw droppingly historic moments in American history where the sitting president and the nominee of a major party is completely supplanted by a person who has won zero, count them zero primary votes and then no one asks a single thing about this person's positions. In fact, they run screaming from having to answer any questions about this person's position. If you wanna look at the definition of machine politician, Kamala Harris is a machine politician. She was literally put into place after winning zero primary votes as vice president because many of the activist members of the Democratic Party base and the Democratic Party honchos decided they were going to elevate Kamala Harris to the position of the vice presidency because of her intersectional qualities.


'cause she was a black woman. And that's not me that said it. It was Joe Biden that said it every time he talked about how historic it was that he had selected her. He was tacitly and not so tacitly saying that he had selected her because of those qualifications. It certainly wasn't because of her massively successful presidential run where she dropped out so early she didn't even make it to her home. State of California. Barack Obama, if you'll recall in 2019, was very disappointed at Kamala Harris' performance because he wanted her to be the nominee. He was a Harris ally, not a Biden ally. And then she fell out of favor. And then Barack Obama started, put in the final note to Joe Biden to pick Kamala Harris, which as it turns out, was a horrible move because she then proceeded to back stab him along with Barack Obama and Nancy Pelosi and all the rest.


And the minute, literally the minute that Kamala Harris steps into the race, all the positions are shaken up. All the positions are etch a sketched out of existence. They don't exist anymore. She's no longer linked with the administration that bears her name. It's been the Biden Harris administration since day one. That was a point that Joe Biden publicly made over and over. He would not stop saying Biden Harris, Biden Harris, Biden Harris. And now we are told that not only is she an amazing politician, which she is not, we are told she has no responsibility for anything that has happened under the Biden administration, despite the fact that yes, he did In fact call her his borders are, despite the fact that she has been involved in supposedly every major foreign policy decision of his presidency, including the disastrous Afghanistan withdrawal where she brags she was the last person in the room.


It turns out that she was also put in charge of the National Space Council. Well, weirdly enough, we now have two astronauts who are literally stuck in space. There is no way to get them back down. So everything she touches is a giant fail. But the machine wants her because all that the machine cares about is that its positions are forwarded. This is the difference between the Democratic Party and the Republican Party. The Republican party is effectively a bunch of people who get together once every four years, and then they kind of throw crap against the wall. See what sticks. There's some primaries. There's no actual internal organization. There's no Machiavellian moves happening behind the scenes at the RNC. It's kind of a bleep show. That's the reality of the RNC. The DNC is a smoothly oiled machine.


And that machine was breaking down because its face was a dead person. The face of the machine was Joe Biden. And so they did what a machine would do. They sted the dead body and they put in place a fresh new face and the fresh new face. Kamala Harris, who is not fresh or a new face. She was made into a fresh new face and they promptly infused extraordinary amounts of cash. She has now raised a war chest of $540 million in the last four weeks. $540 million. Now, that's not all small donors. That's not all people just getting enthused. That is people who are dumping vast quantities of cash into the campaign.


That was people who were holding back 'cause they didn't like Joe Biden. And then they flipped a switch. They put a new face on the machine, same policies, new face, and they infused extraordinary amounts of cash. And now they're lying to you. Now they're pretending that number one, that Joe Biden sort of voluntarily stepped down for the good of the country, which is not true. They defend rated him. And number two, that Kamala Harris is something new. She is not. She's not something new. She's not. She's the same broken down machine with a new coat of paint. That's all. They didn't replace the engine, they didn't replace any of the computers on board. All they did is they gave it a fresh, a fresh coat of paint. That's the whole thing. Kamala Harris is the fresh coat of paint on the broken machine that has been running American politics for at least 12 of the last 16 years.


I say at least because Democrats also controlled the Congress since 2006. There's a broken machine running America. Kamala. Harris is a fresh coat of paint on that. But here's the thing, anyone with a basic understanding of economics can see that the machine is the same. The economy is in bad shape right now.


I've been telling you for years, it's time to diversify your portfolio with precious metals. If you haven't yet, now would be the time. Birch Gold makes it easy to convert your IRA or 401k into a precious metals IRA. It's a smart way to protect your hard earned savings from impending economic disaster. But hey, if protecting your financial future isn't enough motivation, how about this Backed by popular demand. Now through the end of the month, you get your very own 24 karat gold plated truth bomb on qualifying purchases. It's a little reminder of the truth bombs we hear at The. Daily. Wire are delivering every day the smart decision you made to invest in gold. Here's what you need to do. Text BEN you. 98. 98 98 today you'll get a free info kit. Learn how you can own gold in a tax sheltered IRA account. Let's all put our financial parachutes on before the economy takes a nose dive. Do not wait for the crash to hit text BEN you. 98. 98 98 right now, claim your eligibility. Qualifying purchases made before August 31st can get a golden truth bomb to serve as a reminder of the great decision you made to protect your own savings with gold Text BEN to 98. 98. 98 today. Again, text BEN to 98. 98 98 to get started.


So Gavin Newsom basically admitted as much Gavin Newsom, governor of California, who's pretty bitter over the fact that Kamala Harris was now put in place. 'cause what he sees is the possibility that she wins. If she wins, he's cut out of presidential politics for the next decade because she would serve for four and then she'd run for four more. So even if she were to lose, that means eight years where Gavin Newsom cannot be the president and Gavin Newsom, that may be the end of his, of his career, basically. So he's pretty bitter about this. He kinda lets that outta the bag. Well, on Pod Save America, How you feeling about the switch? I mean the switch. Now we went through a very open process and a very inclusive process.


I was bottom up Laughing about, But you know that. Yes, that's what I've been told to say. Yes, it was a, it was a, it was a B Blitz primary, I believe that's what they called it. It's a very, very fast blin. I think it was, was a Blink primary. We draw that 30 minute convention, you know, between tweet and another tweet. It's amazing how it happened. Yeah, it's been amazing. But it is what is amazing is how unified everybody is. Yeah, yeah. I mean it's next level. Okay? They say it all in that clip. That clip is everything. They're all openly laughing. They're openly laughing. They understand what they just did. They pulled a switch because the machine must be maintained at all costs. By the way, this is why Democrats typically are very happy with their party because Democrats get most of what they want from their party. What they want from their party is a continuous move to the left, and they always get it.


Republicans are never happy with their party because the best that Republicans typically do at the federal governmental level is stop more bad stuff from happening. But they very rarely reverse course. They very rarely change the nature of American politics. Now, Donald Trump did do some of those things. Donald Trump put in place Supreme Court justices who have taken away some of the ugly precedent put in place by Democrat appointed justices. That's why the Democrats are so fighting mad at the Supreme Court and now wanna stack it and destroy its power. But typically speaking, Republicans are very unhappy with their party and typically speaking, Democrats are very happy with their party because the Democratic Party is a machine and the Republican Party is basically a very dysfunctional social group. So they supplant Kamala, Harris at the top of the ticket. They dump money.


I mean we are talking about dump trucks filled with money arriving at the doorstep of the Kamala Harris campaign that day. Big donors coming in. All these people who say that they hate billionaires, the billion dollars, not the billion. Who do you think is paying those bills? It's Bob in Ohio and his $5 donation that's making up the $540 million money dump, the giant money bomb, the atomic money bomb that was just exploded on the Harris campaign. You think that that is Jill, the suburban mom in Peoria? Is that what you think? Okay, that's What's that? That's not what's going on. The Democrats held back, they starved out Joe Biden and then once they had besieged Joe Biden's campaign and he was starved inside the city with no water and no food, then he surrendered and then they flooded the place with all sorts of aid for the new queen of the May Kamala Harris.


Now, all of this relies on them having to hide what the machine does. Again, they have to pretend that Kamala Harris is something new. The problem, of course, that Kamala Harris is nothing new. We know exactly how she will govern the giant asymmetry in this campaign. Is that Donald Trump? He says a lot of weird things. He says a lot of things that are vague positionally, if you, if you just looked at his rhetoric, you might have no idea where he is on various issues ranging from, say, abortion to tax policy. And Donald Trump has always been very vague. The thing is, we all know how he's gonna govern. We all know he was already president once. And so the safe assumption is Trump two will look a lot like Trump won. Now there's another safe assumption, which is that that Kamala won will look very much like Biden won.


Why? Because she's the current vice president of the United States in on every major decision. According to her. According to her. So whatever she says, it's what she does, that matters. But we are now being told the greatest lie of all, which is that we are not to pay any attention to her statements about her positions in 20 19, 20 20. Those are of no matter, those are of no consequence. She can jettison those freely, those those matter, nothing. They're gone. They don't exist. Also, we cannot hold her accountable for the administration in which she's currently the vice president of the United States. We can't, we don't know what she would do as President I mean. Sure, she's the vice president right now. Sure. She says she has been involved in every aspect of the Biden administration. Sure. She's on foreign policy calls with the president of the United States, like right now in the public readouts.


But we are supposed to believe she has nothing to do with the Biden administration. Biden Harris, the Harris, it's gone. So she wants it both ways. She wants the prestige of the VP nomination and the prestige of the VP slot without any of the actual responsibility that goes with being part of the administration. So according to this math, Kamala Harris is an absolutely blank slate. Kamala Harris is not the machine. She's not a fresh coat of paint on the machine. She's just something brand new and she is the party. Now. All of this relies on them hiding Kamala Harris, as we say, 37 days, no interviews. Now she's dating apparently to do an interview at the end of the week. NBC News has announced that she will do an interview sometime this week.


We have no idea what it's gonna be. We have no idea who it's gonna be with. We have no idea what it's gonna constitute. But sometime this week she may do an interview. Well, shouldn't we all just be excited? We're now 40 days into the campaign. Understand how unbelievable this is and how insulting and gross it is. Right? This is a democracy where we are supposed to be able to vote on the basis of the prospective policies of the candidates. We are not supposed to be given a face, and then we are supposed to sort of just guess at what the face thinks. That's not how this works. That's how dictatorships work is that it doesn't matter what the person's policies are. You worship Big Brother, but this is not exactly how you're supposed to do democratically run elections, is that you're supposed to guess at their positions. But that's precisely what they've done and understand.


The whole point in delaying this is to make sure that no one knows her positions when they go to the polls. That is the entire point here. North Carolina starts mailing out its mail-in ballots in 11 days. 11, okay? The election isn't until November 5th, but half the votes are gonna be mail-in votes. And those mail-in votes are gonna start getting sent in in the next two weeks. Two weeks, which means all they gotta do is hide this crap for another month. And they're good In fact Kamala Harris is now attempting to switch all of the terms of the debate to which she has agreed with President Trump. She wants to now change the rules.


She's come outta the woodwork to explain that she actually wants the mics to be hot. Kamala wants to change those debate rules. She must be losing sleep over the possibility someone will call her on her nonsense.


But you can't afford to lose sleep, which is why you need your Helix Sleep mattress. I rely on my Helix Sleep mattress. I can't keep up with my day if I don't get a good night's sleep. My Helix mattress makes that happen. Helix harnesses years of mattress expertise to offer a truly elevated sleep experience. The Helix Elite Collection includes six different mattress models, each tailored for specific sleep positions and firmness preferences. If you're nervous about buying a mattress online, you don't have to be. Helix has a sleep quiz that matches your body type and sleep preferences to the perfect mattress because why would you buy a mattress made for someone else? I took that helix quiz. I was matched with a firm but breathable mattress. I love it. My wife loves it. We are big Helix fans at the Shapiro House. Helix has a 10 year warranty. You can try it out for a hundred nights at risk free. They'll even pick it up for you if you don't love it, but you will. Helix is financing options and flexible payment plans that make it so a great night's sleep is never far away. For a limited time Helix is offering up to 25% off all mattress orders plus two free pillows For our listeners, just head on over to Helix Sleep dot com slash BEN. That's Helix Sleep dot com slash BEN. This is their best offer, yet it's not gonna last long with Helix. Better Sleep starts right now. Helix Sleep dot com slash BEN.


So you remember back when Joe Biden was the actual nominee and then he had a debate with President Trump and then he completely fell apart during the debate? Well, one of the rules that Joe Biden wanted was that the mics would be muted. And presumably he wanted that 'cause He was afraid that Trump was gonna slip in some sort of jab or punch while he was unable to talk. So now in the second debate, those rules had already been set. Now the Harris campaign is trying to switch the rules again, according to Politico, with just 15 days left until the scheduled September 10th presidential debate between Vice President, Kamala Harris and former President Donald Trump negotiations between their two campaigns have hit an impasse over whether the candidates microphones will be muted when it is not their turn to speak according to four people familiar with the issue. Why?


Because Kamala Harris wants the mics to be hot. Why does she want the mics to be hot? Why? Well, she is betting number one, that Trump won't be able to contain himself, that Trump will find a way to talk over her and then she'll be able to do the, I'm talking. She did that against Mike Pence. If you recall, back in 2020. They were debating. He didn't really interrupt her. She jumped in to pretend that she was being victimized 'cause she's a woman. It was the most pathetic, ridiculous routine. She's gonna try that again with Don. I'm talking here, Donald. I'm talking here. Mr. President, she's gonna do that routine to pretend she's a victim. And so she wants the, if the rules are as they currently are, she can't do that. She wants that back on the table. Two, she wants to be able to interrupt Trump because she wishes for her ability, along with the media to jump in and quote unquote fact check him in real time to get under his skin.


That's the entire goal. So according to Politico, Brian Fallon, the Harris' campaign senior advisor for communications as quote, we have told the A, B, C and other networks seeking to host a possible October debate. We believe both candidates, mikes should be live throughout the full broadcast. Our understanding is that Trump's handlers prefer the muted microphone because they don't think their candidate can act presidential for 90 minutes on his own. We suspect Trump's team has not even told their boss about this dispute because it would be too embarrassing to admit they don't think he can handle himself against Vice President Harris without the benefit of a mute button privately. Thes team believes Harris can get Trump to lose his cool and say something in politic on the mic. But here's the reality, they are now changing the rules. Jason Miller, senior advisor for Trump told playbook enough with the games we accepted the A BC debate under the exact same terms as the CNN debate.


The Harris Camp after already having agreed to the CNN rules, asked for a seated debate with notes and opening statements. We said no changes to the agreed upon rules. So she wanted to be seated because Trump is taller than she is. And they wanted notes because Kamala Harris off her notes is a disaster area. So they wanna change all the rules. So again, the whole goal here is to change all the rules. And they're hoping that if the negotiations break down, there won't be any debates at all, which would be her ideal. She wants no debates. She never wants to be fact checked. She never wants to be answered, asked a simple question. The entire Trump campaign at this point should be the following six words. So why didn't you do it? Every time she says she wants to do something, the answer from Trump should be, so why didn't you do it?


You say that you wanna secure the border, so why didn't you do it? You say you wanted to bring down inflation, so why didn't you do it? You say that you wanna make housing cheaper, so why didn't you do it? You're the vice president of the United States. That's the point. He needs to say that over and over and over. Why didn't you do it? Because he did. He was the president. And you can look at his record and you can look at her record. But again, the entire goal here is to obscure her record and pretend that she doesn't exist. She only exists as a concept. So the other day is just beautiful Kamala Harrison. So she, she is asked a question, what are you going to do next? Like, where are you going? And she says, I'm gonna walk up these stairs and you're gonna get this crap for her entire presidency.


She's gonna be asked a question and then she's going to describe the next thing she does. She's gonna be at a press conference about what's going on in Ukraine. I mean. So what are you going to do next? She's gonna, I'm gonna breathe in and breathe out and then breathe in and then breathe out. And then I'm gonna walk out this time. Here we go. If you can walk up the stairs and there's the crazy laugh and then what win? We're gonna win. Un that's, that's the entire campaign. That's the entire campaign. And then Doug Emh for repeats. We're gonna win. Honestly, if I have to see more of these sitcom dads as part of the Harris campaign between Doug Emh and Tim Walls, the sitcom dad energy, the I'm a dumb male who's following around females.


And it's the same energy that you got from, from every sitcom of the 1990s where every father was dullard and every mother was a genius. If we have to do this energy, oh my God, it's just interminable. It's awful. And meanwhile, Harris's deputy campaign manager, Quentin Fos, he was asked, so when is she gonna sit down? He says, on her, on her own time, on her own schedule. Do you understand the disdain in which they hold the American public? The absolute utter disdain. She does not have to give you her positions. You can't hold her accountable for the actual things she did as vice president. You can't hold her accountable for her 2020 positions. She will tell you when she's good and ready, when she descends from the palace, when she walks down that red carpet, then she will tell you in her own good time, how dare you question Queen K, how dare you.


When will she sit down with the media in a one-on-one capacity and, and answer our questions? I I think she'll sit down on her time. Look, as you mentioned, this was a truncated timeframe on her timeframe. We have made sure that we were getting out talking to voters. I think people forget just how short of a timeframe. It has been Unbelievable in their own time. They hate you. Do you understand? They hate you. They hate you. They don't want you to know what she's gonna do or what she's done. They want you to know nothing about her. They don't want you to know any of Kamala Harris's positions. It's very important that you not know Kamala Harris's positions, which means that it's easier for her to win.


But there's an easy way for you to win. That is prize Picks. It's the best way to win real money this football season. Make your Picks in less than 60 seconds. Turn your sports opinions into real money all season long. Here's how it works on prize Picks. It's just you against the numbers. All you do is choose more or less on two to six players stat projections. Watch those winnings roll in. Will Patrick Mahomes throw for more or less than 4,300 yards will CJ Strouds Sophomore season results in more or less than 4,150 yards Plus. Now you can win up to a hundred times your money on prize Picks with as little as four correct Picks. That's right. Nailed just four correct Picks. You can turn a humble 10 bucks into a whopping a thousand dollars. It doesn't get much better than that. Folks, even our in-house team is in on the hype. One of my producers, Jake, huge fan of prize Picks. In tonight's baseball games, Jake has picked Aaron Judge to have at least one rib and for Max free to have more than five strikeouts. He's always raving about how easy it is to make entries on all his favorite players. Not to mention prize Picks is available in over 30 states across the country, including California, Texas, and Georgia. So go check it out. Download that prize Picks app today. Use code BEN to get 50 bucks instantly when you play five bucks. That's code BEN on prize Picks to get 50 bucks instantly. when you play five bucks, you don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed prize Picks run your game.


And this is the nature of our stupid politics these days. You are better off being a cipher of a candidate who no one knows than actually stating your positions. And so they understand that. So their entire goal is to hide her. Here, by the way, are a bunch of prominent Democrats saying that openly, this is back at the D nnc saying, no, there's no way we we shouldn't release her policies before the election. Why? Why should Americans know what she's gonna do? It's like the the world's worst mystery meet in high school cafeteria. I haven't heard from many voters looking for white papers than policy papers. What they want to hear is what her vision is for this country. The American people don't vote on policy prescriptions. I actually think the way the American people think about this choice is less about the minutiae of policy and more about the direction of the country.


Number one, and secondly about the person character. It does matter. This is absolutely absurd. It's absolutely absurd. Her vision and her character. Okay, but what's her vision? Her vision we're told is forward. Whoa, what a vision forward. Whoa. You mean not backwards, sideways, upper down. Like for Whoa. You mean like in time? That's crazy. I mean, sure. We are all moving forward through time. I mean. We've been told by her about the significance of the past of time. We've been told all of that. So yeah, we know forward, forward the They think you're a moron.


They do. They think you're a moron. Maybe you are. I don't know. But they think you're stupid. Meanwhile, Cory Booker is out there, the he Cory Booker, senator from New Jersey and, and potato head who occasionally puts on his angry eyes. Anyway, Cory Booker, he's out there saying, I don't even know where are these claims coming from? That she's vague about her positions. I mean she's not, they're trying to drive you insane. They're trying to drive you insane. I don't understand where this, so-called Vry comes from, she left released a pretty specific detailed plan on a lot of her economic agenda. Whether it's about trying to do specific things like with tax credits and more to create more housing and to help to create more supply and thus lower the cost of housing she created.


She let out specific plans. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. By, by the way, it's working. It's working by the way, there's a brand new poll out showing. This is for a, a Redfield poll showing where Democrats are on the issues. Democrats on the issues are now at only, they're only at minus two on immigration. How did that happen? They're down 20 and the answer is constantly repeating propaganda. Meanwhile, every so often they let the mask slip. So for example, representative Summer Lee, who's a full on radical from Pennsylvania, she's like, now I think she's gonna be kinda radical. I actually don't think that she's gonna be a centrist.


I know you are a progressive Democrat. Do you think that this pivot to the center, particularly in issues like the border and immigration and crime, are they going to hurt support for the Harris Waltz ticket or is it what's required? Yeah, so I I I have to say, and I, and I, and I like to hope that we're able to do this. I have to, I have to disagree a bit. I think that we have data, we have polling, we have anecdotal evidence from American Americans all over the country. But especially I'm in Pennsylvania in a swing state where we're not actually asking for our, our candidates to run away for progressive ideals. We're asking them for the, for them to run to them.


Okay? So the dirty secret is she is gonna govern as a far leftist. Of course she is. That is what she wants to do. That's what Joe Biden has done. Now, the reason they have to obscure all of that is the policies are trash. So for example, you recall that just in the last couple of weeks she had her aids and then she actually trotted out a proposal to end inflation by targeting price gouging. A price gouging does not exist in the grocery industry. This is trash, it's stupid. The actual profit margin in the grocery industry is somewhere between one and 2%. This notion that somewhere in the back room, the folks over at Ralph's and at Publix are gathering together to jack up the price of a loaf of bread to a hundred bucks is absurd. It's ridiculous.


It's unbelievably stupid. But here are Democrats who endorsed her price gouging plans. 'cause this is the way that it works. She says something dumb. The entire Democratic party then rushes to defend it. What do you think of the price gouging ban that you put out there? Republicans are saying their price controls. What would be your answer to that? No, they're not price controls. But take a look. Take a look at the profit margins of the making food Counts. What, what would be your your Take on that? I think what Ka was trying to say and what she has said basically is how do we deal with the issues of inflation and how do we keep food prices down? We've made great progress on inflation. Yeah, It's not price controls. I mean you actually, it was a Republican idea. Wage and price controls goes back to Richard Nixon.


This is not that. Look at them trying to spin it. They're trying to spin it. They're trying to spin the price gouging. No. Well yeah, we totally endorse what she says. I mean it's really stupid. But we endorse what she says I mean they're just trying to get inflation under control. Democrats are trying to spin Harris Harris's price gouging plans. In fact, if they were gonna create a bumper sticker for her price gouging plan, well they wouldn't do that because that would be really stupid.


But if you are looking to wear your beliefs on your sleeve, well the best place to do that is sticker Mule. Wearing your beliefs on your sleeve isn't just a metaphor anymore. It's a radical act of free speech. If you dare to express an opinion the woke mob does not like they will destroy you. We've seen it happen a lot. That's why I'm excited to tell you about the Daily Wires partnership with Sticker Mule. Sticker Mule is not just any old merch company. They're the Internet's favorite place for custom stickers, magnets and more. Plus they're based sticker mule's. Co-founder and CEO recently vocalized his support for President Trump. Calling for an end of political hate in the wake of the attempt on Trump's life. Now sticker Mule is bringing you exclusive DailyWire merch cool stuff by shopping at sticker Mule dot com slash DailyWire. You're not just getting awesome merch, you're supporting free speech standing up against leftist groupthink. You're saying I will not be silenced by the woke mob. Let's be honest, nothing triggers a socialist faster than a well-placed facts. Don't care about your feelings sticker. A portion of every sale goes directly to support The Daily Wire. That means you're helping us continue to bring you the hard hitting truth the mainstream media will not touch. So head on over to sticker Mule dot com slash DailyWire today. Make your voice heard. That's sticker Mule dot com slash DailyWire.


Here is the problem. The minute they actually get called on the policies, they fall apart. So Senator Elizabeth Warren. Elizabeth Warren is just an amazingly tragic story of what happens when an interesting person goes into politics. 'cause Elizabeth Warren, if you go all the way back to the early two thousands, she wrote a book called The Two Income Trap, which is kind of fascinating in which she, for example, suggested there should not be universal pre-K in which she, she suggested school vouchers and then she decided to run for senator for Massachusetts and run as female Bernie Sanders. And she's been doing that ever since. While also pretending to be Native American, of course. Well she was questioned on CNBC about her price gouging proposals, which of course are incredibly stupid. And here is CNBC's Joe Kernan just ripping her up.


It's not good policy And, it could actually do more harm than good. And I, I can, I can paint you a picture of how that would work and how it's worked in the past where we've tried to artificially hold prices down. Competition doesn't come in, people don't like if beef is too high, people don't move the chicken. The competitors don't come in to undercut where the beef prices are. Nothing works when you try to artificially control prices. It's just a supply and demand issue. It's a flawed idea. So, so Did you have a question here? Yes. Why would you propose a flawed idea when, when the real problem, so let me ask the question. If you really wanna help the middle class, if you really sincerely want to help people having trouble at the grocery store, it's not price gouging.


That's the issue. Okay? This is the problem. Every time they mention a policy, every time I mention a policy, it turns out the policy is trash. She has also promoted the idea that we should hand out, for example, $25,000 per first time house purchaser, which inflates the price of housing. Here is Chuck Schumer defending that. Senator Schumer, what's your message to Gen Z? Gen Z Harris understands walls, understands your problems. Down payment for a house $25,000. All the folks who can afford the monthly payment but can't afford the down payment, we're coming to help you. Free money. Free money. That's the campaign platform.


Don't worry, it's not gonna cause inflation free money. Meanwhile, it turns out that if you actually hold her accountable for her own position on San Jose Afghanistan, that's bad too. She cannot be linked with her positions. The minute that you link together the machine positions of the Democratic party with the fresh coat of paint, she's got a problem. Which is why she's avoiding all of this. Here's representative Pat Ryan, Democrat from New York. He's asked about the fact that she says she was the last person in the room when it came to the withdrawal from Afghanistan. The disastrous withdrawal. Pat Ryan had ripped into that withdrawal and he has asked, so do you hold her responsible? Watch him spin. The vice president says she was that last person in the room on that decision. Is that failure also hers?


We've gotta stop assigning partisan blame on fundamental things. Oh, like our national security. I, I said it as an American, I said it as somebody who, who served in combat, who had friends that served in in Afghanistan. If we can't make mistakes and and wrestle with that, with a little bit of space to do better in the future, how do we expect to continue on the next 250 years as this great country that we are? Yeah, it's just pathetic. Again, the minute they're called on their positions, they have to either reverse the position or they have to spin like crazy. Which is why Kamala doesn't wanna answer any questions whatsoever. For example, Bernie Sanders yesterday, he has asked about the fact that suddenly Kamala Harris is strong on the border.


What the hell happened? What the hell happened? We had three and a half years of wide open borders and you guys talking about decriminalizing border crossings, Kamala Harris, when she was a senator, voted against federal law preventing sanctuary cities and sanctuary states. Kamala Harris while she was vice president openly talked about decriminalizing border crossings. And here is Vice President Harris. Now she's now switched her position. Now she's a border, a border hawk. If you watch her commercials, not only is she a border hawk, she shows herself with Trump's border wall. Bernie Sanders has asked about this. Watch him spin. We have a crisis at the border. We've got to make sure the fentanyl does not get into this country. We have to crack down on illegal immigration. But what we need is comprehensive immigration reform. I mean you got, God knows how many young people in this country as a result of DACA who deserve to gain citizenship.


We need skilled workers and we need workers in this country. A lot of labor shortages all over America where immigrants can play an important role. So keeping people from illegally entering the country, obviously is the right thing to do. Wow. Now it's the right thing to do. Look at that. They all just flip their position. Well, well the good news for the Democrats, they can always count on the media to cover for everything, for literally everything. It's amazing. So the media have been treated like dogs. I mean literally like dogs at this point. Like they, they're being patted on the head by the Kamala Harris team. They're being fed treats but not very often. And now they will do. They're lapdogs, they're absolute lapdog. It's unbelievable. So they've done, again, zero interviews, 37 days and counting.


And now NBC News is excited to announce she will do an interview at some point with someone And. it will be a joint interview with Tim Walls. By the way, the whole point of a joint interview with Tim Walls is so she's never pressed on anything. That's the whole point. He's the human shield in these interviews. By way, Tim Walls, what a weirdo. Every picture of him looks as though he just got a price waters house clearing check. It's like, it's unbelievable. Here we go. Here's C News. Harrison Walls are also slated to sit down for their first joint interview next week after mounting pressure on Harris to lay out more of her policy positions. And while it's still not clear who the sit down will be with and when the interview no doubt provides an opportunity for the new standard bearer of the Democratic party to prove her doubt is wrong, To prove her doubt is wrong, don't worry.


She's gonna prove she's not gonna prove anything. She's gonna sit down with a friendly, they're all friendlies. How friendly, let me show you this. This is amazing. So Tom Cotton senator from Arkansas, he's on a b, c news and he's talking with John Carl and John Carl. He said, cotton says to him, you know that you wanted to ban private health insurance. You know this, right? He is correct. Lemme just show you the footage before we even get to the clip. Here's the footage from 2019 of Kamala Harris saying she would ban private health insurance For people out there who like their insurance. What They don't get to keep it. Well listen, the idea is that everyone gets access to medical care and you don't have to go through the process of going through an insurance company, having them give you approval, going through the paperwork, all of the delay that may require who of us has not had that situation where you gotta wait for approval and the doctor says, well I don't know if your, your insurance company is gonna cover this.


Let's eliminate all of that. Let's move on. That's what she said in 2019. Fast forward five years later, John Carl's supposed to know things, right? He's supposed to. He's on a, b, C news. He's a reporter. Tom Cotton points out that she wanted to be on private health insurance. Watch John Carl move in front of her like a, like a secret service agent. Much better than the Secret service agents who protected Trump. By the way, President Trump is gonna draw a sharp contrast with Kamala Harris who has supported things like decriminalizing illegal immigration or giving taxpayer funded health insurance to illegal aliens or taking away health insurance on the job for 170 million Americans. Banning gas cars, confiscating firearms.


These are all position. What do you mean taking away health insurance? What are you talking about? She said when she ran for president that she wants to eliminate private health insurance on the job. Well, hundred 70 million Americans, John. Yeah, I Mean I mean that that is not her position. Now she knows. How do you Know that's not her position? How do you know that's not Herion? I mean she, she says she no longer that she has not said that supports. She has not said For all. She has not said that. And Tom Kaman is totally right. Watch John car. But John Carl swiveling to the defense. This is the beauty of that Democrat media, human edia. It's amazing. They don't even have to give them a position and the Democrats, they, the Democrats will just feed whatever. They don't even have to give the media position and the media will just start spinning for them. It's absolutely unbelievable. Get to more of that in a moment.


First, the daily wire's. Very first theatrical release. Am I Racist. It's hitting theaters September 13th. It has already more than doubled the number of theaters nationwide since we first announced it. Why? Because you guys went out and purchased tickets. Your advanced ticket purchases have been driving all of this momentum. Every ticket sold in theaters already carrying the film pushes it into more theaters across the country and it's working. Matt Walsh alongside the same team that dismantled leftist gender theory in What is a Woman. They're back this time taking on the absurd world of diversity, equity, and inclusion. What Matt exposes in this film is both hilariously absurd and deeply infuriating. The response has been incredible so far. We can't stop now. If mi racist is playing in a theater near you, please go to mi racist.com, secure your advanced tickets today. This is how we ensure this movie reaches as many theaters across America as possible. Again, that's mi racist.com.


Okay? Meanwhile, it must be glorious being a Democrat because it is amazing how fast they swivel away from the actual stories, the minute it is damaging to their actual agenda. Remember, they would not cover Joe Biden being senile until it was made perfectly apparent to the entire American public that he was In fact senile. Then they did three weeks of stories about he was how he was senile. They drove him from the race. They went back to covering nothing about Joe Biden mentioning zero things about Joe Biden. He's actually a sacrificial old man. A self-sacrificing old man and Kamala Harris who they covered for years as what she was a complete incompetent and utter dullard. They're now covering as though she's the great light bringer. It's incredible. So for example, here is a BC news fawning over Kamala saying she's not a progressive.


Did you know that she's the most liberal senator in the United States senate? She's back to every far left position she can find. She's not a progressive, she's not according to a, b, C news. The same network by the way that's supposed to broadcast the debate between Donald Trump and Kamala Harris. And when you look at Kamala Harris' speech, it really seems like it was directed at moderates, at independences, even Republicans. Yeah, It certainly was. She really was making that appeal to those key independent voters who of course are gonna be the ones to determine this race. And, it Was interesting too to watch Harris, you know, be pretty light on the economy. She did not come out and sound like a big progressive there on that stage when she talked about the economy, she actually really talked about things in terms of Trump saying things like she would make sure to protect the Affordable Care Act.


Amazing, amazing. So again, the defense is there. Joe Scarborough doing the same thing. So Joe Scarborough went from Joe Biden is so with it. He's so with it. How dare you even mention that he's that he's seen now. How dare you. He's so with it to maybe he has to go to Kamala. Harris is the best. And not only is she the best when she says she's gonna hand out free money handing out money isn't socialism, it's just pragmatic politics. I mean it can be both. It turns out that bribing voters is In fact, both socialism and pragmatic politics. Here's Joe Scarborough who is quickly turning into, where's Waldo. She wants to make it easier for younger Americans to get that first house, which they cannot get. Now they are shut out of the American dream that we grew up with.


And so Kamala Harris is saying, let's see what we can all do together so younger Americans can get that first home. That ain't socialism, that is pragmatic politics that a lot of Americans support. Pragmatic politics is not socialism, it's pragmatic politics with this sort of media coverage. Is it any wonder that Kamala Harris has had a bump in the polls? That's why it's Donald Trump's job to be meticulous in his attack against her. By the way, the media have completely forgotten about Joe Biden. Joe Biden has literally zero things scheduled the entire week. The entire week. I'm looking at his schedule right now. Monday out of town pool 10:00 AM That's the only thing on his schedule.


Nothing. The nothing last Friday, nothing last Thursday, nothing Last Wednesday, nothing. He's just gone. He's just gone. As Tom Bevin at real clear politics points out. Meanwhile, reporter Emily Goodin reported that Biden was quote visibly shaking as he exited Air Force One in California Tuesday morning, zero coverage. He's still the president. That's why it's relevant. Where the hell is he? Where is he? Who's running the country? It doesn't matter. Media don't care. Kamala Harris has nothing to do with the administration. Joe Biden isn't running the country. We have no president apparently and no one in the White House 'cause Kamala is not responsible for anything. Plus she has no positions. You wonder why she's doing well 'cause they're lying to you.


All of them I mean this is, this is the greatest gaslighting I have ever seen. Truly, it's the greatest gaslighting I've ever seen. It's not close I mean it's worse than BLM. It is worse than COVD. The gaslighting that you are seeing right now. This idea that Kamala Harris is a fresh faced candidate with no positions, no responsibility for what this administration has done, and Joe Biden is not even there. And all of it is not for your perusal. Stop asking questions. It, it's hard to think of a way for the media to blow itself up anymore completely than it already has. And meanwhile, all this really means is that Donald Trump really needs to go on the offensive. He really needs to. So today he started that. He went out to Arlington Cemetery to pay tribute to the 13 service members who were killed during that, that botched Afghanistan withdrawal.


The entire media pretending that Kamala Harris has nothing to do with it. But of course she did. In fact, you'll recall that when she was asked about what had just happened in Afghanistan, she was getting off a plane and she was asked by the press, she started g falling and laughing. Here's what that looked like. Madam Vice president, what's your response to Report of Americans? Hold On, hold on. Slow down everybody. So Trump presumably is going to attack her on that. We are also being told by the Wall Street Journal that Trump's campaign is going to be stepping itself up according to the Wall Street Journal advisors to Trump who are bracing for Harris to enjoy a post-convention boost in polls say he will be more active on the campaign trail after setting a modest pace when Biden was still in the race.


On Monday, Trump will address a National Guard conference in Detroit. He then has events Thursday elsewhere in Michigan and Wisconsin, followed by a rally Friday in Pennsylvania. He's planning a number of interviews and after a long absence has returned to regular posting on X, formerly known as Twitter, where he nearly has 90 million followers over the weekend. President Trump was In fact on the Twitter machine. I I, I'm not going to say that I think that he was at his absolute all out best on Twitter. Again, I think he's gonna have to do better than the the cute nicknames. I think he's gonna actually have to go after her on policy. He has been tweeting out various ads and, and he is, he's doing some of this right. So he tweeted out last night, Kamala Harris was the leader of banning fracking in the United States and fought especially hard for no fracking in Pennsylvania.


The people of Pennsylvania are smart. She would devastate the commonwealth and they know it. They'll vote for Trump. He says, if you think things are expensive now, they'll get 100 times worse. If Kamala gets four years as president under her plan, Kamala will implement Soviet style price controls. She'll abolish private healthcare and make California's ridiculous tax policies. The law of the land, meaning every American will be taxed up to 80% of their income. If you want more cash and less tax vote Trump, he's calling her comrade Kamala Again, I I think that that is, it needs a little bit of work, but bottom line is that he is back on the attack. That attack was greatly facilitated over the weekend and a story of the entire media downplayed. It really is amazing. There was a third party candidate in this race who was earning anywhere from four to 8% in the race by the wide variety of available polls.


And if that third party candidate had come and endorsed Kamala Harris, it would've been a nationwide story. It would've led every major newspaper. However, however, because that person instead was actually endorsing Donald Trump, it all went away. Right? Nobody paid any attention to it, despite the fact that Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Was in the last polling data polling somewhere between three and 7%. That's over the course of the last month, right? The last economist you gov poll had Kennedy pulling 3% in a race in which Trump was, was following Harris by 3%. The CBS news poll from August 16th had Kennedy drawing 2% in a race where Trump was down 2% that same time period.


A, B, C News Washington Post poll had Kennedy drawing 5% in a poll in which Trump was down 3%. In other words, could RFK Junior be the margin of victory for Donald Trump by endorsing him? Absolutely. So what are the media doing? They're absolutely downplaying. RFK Junior endorsing Trump. It was In fact a very big moment. Not only was it a big moment when RFK Jr endorsed Trump, he gave a speech on Friday. We covered it live over at YouTube and on our site. Daily Wire Plus. This is why you should subscribe by the way. So you get all the updates. We're we're coming at you in like real time, very often this election cycle 'cause there's just too much going on. RFK Jr gave a barn burner of a speech. The first 15 minutes was some of the most articulate and directed assault against the media and the Democrats I've ever seen, which is presumably why CNN literally cut to their own anchors.


They pulled away from RFK in the middle of that historic announcement specifically because he was assaulting them at the time.


You know, it's the hot season down here in Florida and that means that normally I'd be tossing and turning in my bed 'cause it's just hard to find the right temperature. And you got the sheets that aren't breathable and all that Boland branch fixes all of that. Boland branch is here to help you never sleep hot again with sheets that are woven to allow airflow and feel cool and crisp to the touch. Perfect for sleepers who run hot like me. Boll and Branch has amazing options for hot sleepers. Choose from 100% organic cotton per kale made with a naturally cooling weave or their linen, which is made from European flax to be light, airy, softer than soft. Again, I love a bowl and branch products. It's so good that we literally only use it in the house. It's what keeps me cool during the hot Florida nights and their stuff is so good that when I go on the road, I literally travel with like a blanket from bowl and branch. The signature hem sheets from Bo and Branch are a bestseller for a reason. These are truly luxury sheets that get softer every time you wash them buttery to the touch. Super breathable They're perfect for both cooler and warmer weather. Poland branch sheets are loved by millions of sleepers, including us. Obviously, they have over 11,005 star reviews. Best of all, Boland Branch gives you a 30 night worry-free guarantee, which means you can wash style and sleep in their sheets for an entire month. If you don't love them, you can send them right back with free returns on all US orders. Get your coolest, most comfortable sleep with Bo and Branch. Get 15% off plus free shipping on your first set of sheets@boandbranch.com slash BEN. That's Boll and branch B-O-L-L-A-N-D branch.com/ BEN for 15% off in free shipping exclusions apply to you. Site four details.


Again, RFK Jr. He gives the speech on Friday. There's a lot there. That was pretty amazing. So he started by launching into the Democratic Party, which had basically barred him from any of the primaries in an attempt to cover up Joe Biden's senility. Remember, remember the Democratic party rigged its primary rules to stop anyone from running seriously against Joe Biden to ensure he'd get the nomination and then they promptly swapped him out for the fresh coat of paint. It's unbelievable. It's unbelievable. And here is RFK Jr. Calling it out In the name of Saving Democracy. The Democratic Party set itself to dismantling it lacking confidence in its candidate that that his candidate could win in a fair election.


At the voting booth, that DNC wage, continual legal warfare against both President Trump and myself, it ran a sham primary that was rigged to prevent any serious challenge to President Biden. Then when a predictably bungled debate performance precipitated the palace coup against President Biden, the same shadowy DNC operatives appointed his successor also without an election. He is right. He's totally right. Then he went after the media and this part was just spot on again. So spot on that CNN cut away before he could get to this.


Over the course of more than a year in a campaign where my poll numbers reached at times in the high twenties, the DNC Allied Mainstream Media Networks maintained a near perfect embargo on interviews with me during his 10 month presidential campaign in 1992, Roz Perot gave 34 interviews on mainstream networks. In contrast, during the 16 months since I declared A-B-C-N-B, C-C-B-S-M-S-N-B-C and CNN combined gave only two live interviews from me.


Those networks instead ran a continuous deluge of hit pieces with inaccurate, often vial, pejoratives and defamatory smears, some of those same networks and colluded with the DNC to keep me off the debate stage. He is right about that. He's right about that. Okay? Then he actually formally endorsed Trump in the middle of the speech. Here's what it sounded like. It's with a sense of victory and not defeat that I'm suspending my campaign activities. Not only did we do the impossible by collecting a million signatures, and we changed the national political conversation forever, and these are the principle causes that persuaded me to leave the Democratic Democratic Party and, and Ron is an independent, and now to throw my support to President Trump, the the clauses were free speech war in Ukraine and the war on our children Endorses.


That's a big deal. That's a big deal. I know that many people are trying to play that down. They're trying to suggest he doesn't have that many voters who are left. The reality is that the voters who left him already went to Kamala Harris, so he was just a holding position for people who were favoring Trump, but liked DRFK better, and now he's fully joining in the campaign. You can hear the enthusiasm that's been injected into the Trump campaign on Friday. Trump introduced him at a speech in Arizona, and here's what that sounded like. Robert F. Kennedy Jr. I will tell you, we are both in this to do what's right for the country. That's one thing I can tell you, And the crowd goes absolutely berserk, and that's a big thing.


So we are now in the home stretch of this campaign. It is up to Donald Trump to actually prosecute the case against Kamala Harris. Now again, he's gonna be fighting in the face of an overwhelming media tsunami like you've never seen. I mean. We've been watching it happen in real time. And, it is mind bogglingly crazy to watch the media simply, openly be the pretorian guard for Kamala Harris. You're also gonna be doing it in the face of institutions like the Federal Reserve. Jerome Powell, late last week on Friday, he suggested that the time had come for rate cuts. Why? Just in time for the election, who could have predicted such a thing? Here is Jerome Powell, who proceeded who, who presided over 40 year highs in inflation, but now he's gonna fix things. He's gonna do it just in time for the Democrat to win an election in November.


The time has come for policy to adjust. The direction of travel is clear, and the timing and pace of rate cuts will depend on incoming data, the evolving outlook and the balance of risks. We will do everything we can to support a strong labor market as we make further progress toward price stability with an appropriate dialing back of policy restraint. There is good reason to think that the economy will get back to 2% inflation while maintaining a strong labor market. Wow. That's why just in time, how weird, how weird they're doing it just right now. Again, that's what Trump is running in the face of. So understand the obstacles he has to overcome.


It's also his job to overcome them. That's what this election is. I'm optimistic that Trump will be on the attack from here all the way through the election. It's gotta be meticulous, it's gotta be exact, can't be any wasted motions, can't be any wasted. Time, I think Trump's up to the task I do. I think that he was doing it today. Again, going to Arlington and paying tribute to the fallen soldiers who Kamala Harris does not believe apparently exists, who Joe Biden completely ignores. He says that no troops have died under his watch. That's a lie. It's an absolute lie. The single biggest disgrace of the Biden administration, of all the disgrace in there, many is the Afghanistan withdrawal. That should be the issue this week from the Trump campaign. Watch for it. Okay? In a moment, we're gonna get to an astonishing story.


The founder of Telegram was arrested in France, the charges that he wouldn't provide a back door to various governments. If you're not a member, become member Use, code Shapiro, checkout for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.


Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white people. Take those. Growing up, I never thought much about race. Never really seemed to matter that much, at least not To me, me, Am, I, Racist. I would really appreciate it if you love, I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover, say I'm racist. Joining us now is Matt certified DEI expert. Here's my certification. And what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. This is more for you in this field. Is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington monument to the George Floyd Monument. America is racist to its bones, so inherently, yes, this country is a piece of white folks. Trash white supremacy. White woman, white boy. Is there a black person around or black person right here? Does he not exist? They gonna say I'm racist. Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Matt. I just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never be too careful. They gonna say, you racist. Buy your tickets now in theater. September 13th, rated PG 13.


At Ashley, you'll find colorful furniture that brings your home to life. Ashley makes it easier than ever to express your personal style with an array of looks in fun, trending hues to choose from, from earth tones to vibrant colors, to calming blues and greens. Ashley is pieces for every room in the house, in the season's most sought after shades, A more colorful life starts at Ashley Shop in store online today. Ashley, for the love of home.