
Well the news is simply moving too fast. We have a stock market crash on our hands. We have the possibility of a massive Iranian attack on Israel and Kamala Harris is gonna choose her VP likely today.


You don't wanna miss a minute of this because Daily Wire plus members have unlimited on-demand access to our uncensored ad-free daily shows. Real-time breaking news, investigative journalism. Do not be left in the dark. Join the fight right now at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. Make sure that you're up to date on pretty much everything 'cause there's just too much happening.


So Kamala Harris has now vaulted into a national polling lead. According to Nate Silver. Nate Silver I think is the best pollster and poll poll analyst in the country. According to his poll average Kamala Harris is now ahead in the national polling about 45.5% to Donald Trump's 44.1%. There's been significant change in every single swing state in favor of Kamala Harris right now, according to the Nate Silver rundown of where we stand state by state, Kamala Harris has vaulted into a small lead in Pennsylvania, a small lead in Wisconsin, a relatively significant lead, couple percentage points in Michigan. She has even jumped into competitive status in Georgia in North Carolina.


She's still at a point and a half behind in Arizona. She's few points behind in Nevada. Bottom line is that this election now looks like a true tossup according to Nate Silver and of course Team Harris has reset the electoral map and the momentum since she replaced Joe Biden at the top of the ticket. The question right now is how much of this is a sugar high and how much of this is gonna be a sugar high that lasts until post the election? Because let's be clear about this. This is a sugar high. There will come a point where Kamala Harris has to ask, answer some sort of serious question. They're just hoping that that doesn't happen until after the election. After all, there only 90 odd days until the election and early voting begins in about a month, early September, you start to get early voting in some of the swing states like Pennsylvania and right now you look at that calendar, it is August 5th today.


All Kamala Harris has to do is avoid serious questions for the next couple of weeks and then she is at the Democratic National Convention. She has a bump coming out of that, so it's likely to be a solid two and a half, three weeks more of the Kamala Harris honeymoon happening right now. In fact, I was just checking my calendar. There is a calendar of how many days Kamala Harris has been the defacto democratic nominee without being asked a single difficult question or answering one and we have to change the calendar. We are now at 16 days. 16 days and running since Kamala Harris became the presumptive democratic nominee. She has not been asked one question over two weeks, zero questions. That is an incredible showing by the press. I mean really hats off to a press that is such a pretorian guard for Kamala Harris that we are now two and a half weeks into her presumptive nomination after the single most shocking political coup of the last century in which the presumptive nominee and current sitting president of the United States was ousted in favor of his own vice president by a group of people at the elite levels of the Democratic Party, led by the former president of the United States, Barack Obama, the former house speaker Nancy Pelosi, the current senate majority leader Chuck Schumer and the current house minority leader, Hakeem Jeffries plus the entire donor class.


They ousted the current president of the United States and presumptive nominee. He'd already cleared all the bars, he'd already won all the primaries. They ousted him for Kamala Harris. It has been two and a half weeks and she has answered zero questions. That is an unbelievable performance. Now there are a couple of ways to read that. One is, man, these people are professional and let's be real. They are. That is what a professional party does. A professional party sort of like a mafia. They popped Joe Biden in the back of the head in the car and then they took the cannoli and left a gun. The the, the other question though is what's gonna happen when eventually she does have to answer questions and this is why as we'll get to you in a little while. Donald Trump should not just be eager to debate Kamala Harris.


He should be saying, I want to debate her every week from now until the election because no one else is going to ask a tough question. You guys won't do your job. And so he shouldn't just respond to her quote unquote debate challenge. She's being completely dishonest about the debate challenge. Donald Trump accepted a debate under certain circumstances with Joe Biden and then they slotted in, they tag teamed in Kamala Harrison. Like why won't he keep that same debate calendar? Well, 'cause that's a different human. Does she have to debate JD Vans now since she agreed to a vice presidential debate with JD Vans when Joe Biden was the actual nominee. But what Trump should do right now is he should say, not only do I wanna debate you, I wanna debate you every week, like every single week, one hour, one topic every week from now until the election.


Because here's the thing, the American people know Donald Trump. The American people do not know Kamala Harris. I know a lot of people who watch this show are like, how's that possible? And the answer is, how well did you know Mike Pence? How well did anyone know Mike Pence when Mike Pence was the vice president of the United States? Seriously, how well did people truly know Joe Biden when he was vice president of the United States under Barack Obama and he'd been in politics for decades? Not like Kamala Harris who only became the attorney general of the state of California, which is not a national level position in 2010, she only became a national level figure when she became a senator in 2016 and then she was running for president like three years later. Here's the thing, nobody actually knows who Kamala Harris is because people don't follow politics that closely.


And you know what's stupid is that they then vote on the basis of not knowing anything.


But you know what's not stupid? Getting life insurance. Getting life insurance will give you peace of mind knowing if something were to happen to you, your family could cover their expenses while getting back on their feet. Policygenius is the country's leading online insurance marketplace. It makes choosing the right policy for a family quick and easy. With Policygenius, you can find life insurance policy starting at just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars in coverage. Some options are a hundred percent online and let you avoid those unnecessary medical exams. Policygenius has licensed award-winning agents and technology that make it easy to compare life insurance quotes from America's top insurers and find the lowest price their team of licensed experts is on hand to help you through the process. Even if you already have a life insurance policy through work, it might not offer enough protection for your family's needs. It might not follow you if you leave your job. Policygenius works for you, not the insurance companies. That means they don't have the incentive to recommend one insurer over another. Save time, save money. Provide your family with financial safety net using Policygenius. Head on over to Policygenius dot com slash shapiro Get your free life insurance quote. see how much you could save. That's Policygenius dot com slash shapiro. Again, Policygenius dot com slash shapiro to Get your free life insurance quote quotes and see how much you could save.


So most people have no idea who she is. Most people don't remember her from the primaries because she had a flash in the pan in 2019 and then fell completely apart. Those of us who watch very closely we're in danger of having a political disconnect where we all know what there is to know about Kamala Harris. Some of us have even made three part documentary series called Kamala available over a Daily Wire Plus, and you can watch that and many of you have, but the vast majority of Americans have no idea who the sitting vice president of the United States is right now. They have no idea what Kamala Harris even does for a living. I mean she doesn't do much, but they have no idea what she was doing for a living before she became a presumptive democratic nominee, which is why CNN's David, Axel Rod, he's saying there's a little bit of a rational exuberance going on around Kamala Harris a little early to be calling this election over.


There's a lot of irrational exuberance on the side of, on the democratic side of the aisle right now because there was despair for some period of time about what the November was gonna look like. Now people feel like there's a chance, Okay, well that that is true. Democrats went from utter despair to wild and irrational hope about Kamala Harris. You have to imagine that at some point somebody is gonna hold her feet to the fire. I mean, maybe not, maybe not. I mean you'll remember the entire press did act as a cover agent for the Biden administration Biden campaign in the 2020 race when they literally all worked to cover up stories about Hunter Biden. So maybe they try this again for the next three months, but as the world situation grows more dire and it really is, the world situation is quite dire right now.


Kamala Harris who is maybe the defacto president of the United States right now, Joe Biden certainly is not. She should be forced to answer questions since her administration is sitting at the top of American governance right now. As things are happening, things that are happening in the real world are the fault of the Biden Harris administration and it was always Biden Harris. That's what they kept saying over and over and over, even while Joe Biden was attempting to shuttle her off somewhere so that she didn't have any part in governance, she kept glomming onto him and claiming that she was part of all the decision making. Okay, fine. If you were, and if you are, then why don't you have to answer for the fact that we're in the ma in the middle of a massive stock market selloff. For example, according to the Wall Street Journal, a global stock market sell of intensified Monday led by more than 12% drop in Japan's Nikk 2 25 tech focus, NASDAQ 100 s were down more than 4%.


Pairing some earlier losses down in s and p at 500 futures fell at least at 2%. The declines extended what has been a dizzying few days on Wall Street during which the year's most popular trades have been aggressively unwound a sell off in tech shares continued pre-market on Monday with Nvidia meta and Apple each losing 6% or more. Apple took an extra hit from news that Berkshire Hathaway that's Warren Buffett had slashed its apple stake. Why is all of that happening? Because people are beginning to realize that as the job market is coming in really, really soft, we may be in fact as was predicted, entering a recession because it turns out that when you jack the inflation rates up to 10 12% even when you jack them back down all the way to say 2.5%, what you end up doing in that process is siphoning off all the loose money and that will lead to less investment, which will lead to job losses, which is what we are about to start seeing as the Wall Street Journal reports concerns about a slowing us economy, our front and center for investors after job growth slowed sharply in July, investors are worried the Federal Reserve has moved too slowly and will need to play catch up in cutting rates.


Now again, one of the things that's so amazing about how our global economy works at this point is how much of it is run by the central banks. Your job should not be reliant on whether Jerome Powell is good at his, your job should not be reliant and whether central bankers in London are good at predicting the future and determining exactly what the inflation rate should be, this is why the very idea of a Federal Reserve, for example in the United States that jacks up and down the supply of money in order to manipulate job markets is ridiculous. What you really want is a perfectly predictable regime in monetary and fiscal terms so that you can make good decisions about whether or not to invest or not invest. But that's not the way this stuff works anymore.


Now we're all reading tea leaves now we're all sitting around wondering what Jerome Powell is gonna do, or maybe he was too late on the gas or maybe he was too late on the break. That is not the way a healthy global economy should run. That is the way things are running. However, and a lot of that has been brought about of course by the massive spending that Kamala Harris voted for. Remember the Inflation Reduction Act was a 50 50 vote in the Senate and she was the deciding vote. Does she get to take credit for that? It seems to me that if she gets to take credit for all of the supposed Biden administration accomplishments when the stock market starts to tank, well she gets to take credit for that one as well. And Warren Buffett is looking at the at the markets and he is saying, I don't like what I'm seeing here. According to the Wall Street Journal, shares of the iPhone maker dropped as much as 8% in pre-market trading.


After Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway disclosed over the weekend, it had sold nearly half of it to Apple stock in the second quarter. Buffett's reputation is one of the all-time greatest stock picks means his decisions can significantly sway the market. Apple is also facing pressure from an aggressive rotation out of tech stocks in addition to Apple shares of Nvidia. Tesla and Alphabet also fell sharply in pre-market trading Monday as investors unloaded riskier assets. And one of the things that is also happening is that a huge amount of spending has gone into, for example, AI and AI is going to change the world. However, the amount of money that's going into AI and you're talking about hundreds of billions of dollars has gone into AI technologies. The output from that has not matched the input thus far. And so what you have is a bit of an AI bubble in terms of spending that is likely to burst and you are likely to then have some sort of consolidation and then growth in the AI market, but right now is not an amazing time to invest in those particular assets.


Meanwhile, wall Street's Fugate has been soaring. The CBOE volatility index rose to 51, which would mark the highest close since April, 2020 if the increase holds throughout the day. Right now analysts are suggesting that there is a greater than 25% shot at a serious recession. According to Charles Gasparino, he says, an economic black swan recession is on the horizon even before Friday's. Shockingly worrisome Jobs report unemployment ticking up to 4.3% a slowdown in hiring followed by a 610 point drop in the Dow. That's what some savvy market analysts and economists told me could be happening, said Gasparino. They see some weird stuff in the economic data that hasn't been factored into the recent doubt.


In Nasdaq run-ups to record territory given the supreme importance of the economy to voters, it could turn a neck race between Trump and Kamala Harris strongly in favor of Trump. The reason the economists and analysts believe a recession would be a black swan is because it's not expected based on many readings of the economic data and because if it happened, it had taken already volatile race for the White House to new levels of confusion. Now again, one of the reasons that this is happening is because the debt has been run up, the amount of money that has been poured into the markets under Joe Biden and under the late term of Donald Trump because again, that happened in the middle of the Covid recession. The the big problem of course is that Joe Biden kept that going even after the lockdowns were over, he just kept spending oodles and oodles of oodles of money and keeping the money loose.


Apparently signs of lower consumer spending are cropping up. Then there's the inverted yield curve where longer dated bonds have a lower yield than the short term fed funds rate, which usually signals recession. Where is Kamala Harris in all of this? Where is she? Zero questions to Kamala Harris in any of this as the economy melts down. Meanwhile, we have the very serious possibility of a war in the Middle East.


Well, things are falling apart in the Middle East. The economy is on the downturn, so you might be tossing and turning at night, but there's no reason to do that because of you know, like your blankets or your sheets, which is why you need Boll and Branch. Boll and Branch is here to help you never sleep hot again with sheets that are woven to allow airflow and feel cool and crisp to the touch. Perfect for sleepers who run Hot Boll and Branch has amazing options for hot sleepers. Choose from 100% organic cotton per kale made with a naturally cooling weave or their linen, which is made from European flax to be light, airy and softer than soft. I've been talking about Boll and Branch for years because their product is just that good. They keep me cool during these hot Florida nights. It really is that great. I mean, we threw out all of our other sheets. That's how good Boll and Branch is. They're truly luxury sheets. They get softer every time you wash them. Boll and Branch sheets are loved by millions of sleepers. They have over 11,005 star reviews. Best of all, Bolland Branch gives you a 30 night worry-free guarantee, which means you can wash style and sleep in their sheets for an entire month. If you don't love them, you can send them right back with free returns on all us orders. Get your coolest, most comfortable sleep during BOL and Branch's annual summer event with 20% offsite wide plus free shipping on your first set of sheets at Boll and Branch dot com slash ben. That's Boll and Branch B-O-L-L-A-N-D Branch dot com slash ben for 20% off and free shipping limited time only exclusions apply Sea Site for details.


Iran has been rebuffing calls for restraint so the United States because it is run by fools in Simpletons because Joe Biden is a fool. He's been wrong about every foreign policy issue his entire career without exception, including the he he didn't want kill Osan bin Laden, for example. Joe Biden's been wrong about everything that's possible to be wrong about and Kamala Harris is similarly wrong, but more so remember she says she was the last person in the room on the Afghanistan pullout. One of the great disasters in American foreign policy history. Well now everybody is sort of sitting on pins and needles waiting to see what Iran will do, whether Iran will fire a massive missile barrage at Israel, whether they'll activate their terror group Hezbollah in the north of Israel to perform some sort of spectacular, gigantic war assault on the north and center of Israel.


Why is all this happening? The reason all of this is happening is because of the weakness and pathetic nature of the Biden Harris administration. That is why apparently the United States has been basically going on bended knees to the Iranians and begging them, please don't go too hard. Please don't go too hard. And the reason they keep saying that to the Iranians is because they're afraid that if Iran goes too hard, Israel will then respond and clock them into next week and they don't want a war in the Middle East. But it turns out the best way to prevent a war in the Middle East is by deterrence. It turns out when Donald Trump was president, he had an excellent Iran policy. Contain them, sanction them, destroy their oil industry, prevent them from lending support both in terms of weaponry and material and in terms of economic support to terror groups all over the region.


Create a burgeoning sunna, a Sunni Israeli alliance, do all those things and you will turn Iran from a terror regional power into a a non-functional terror state with a lot of oil supply that can't go anywhere. That is what the Trump administration successfully did. And then Joe Biden came into office and he immediately reversed everything. He put the Saudis on the outs, he put the Israelis on the outs, he delisted the Houthis as a terrorist organization. He went to Iran on bended knee and begged them to get back into an Iranian nuclear deal. They were already violating. He went to the Israelis and he said, you need to make concessions to Iran's terror proxy groups. And it turns out that that resulted in October 7th and on and in Hezbollah launching thousands of rockets into Israel and in the Houthis attacking shipping in the Red Sea and in terror groups run by Iran using Iraq as a, as a terror base from which to fire ordinance at Israel.


This is all the Biden Harris administration. They're truly the worst foreign policy administration of my lifetime. Without a doubt, bar none, no competitors. They're far worse than Barack Obama, which is saying an awful lot since Barack Obama basically handed over the Middle East to Iran and Russia. It's really amazing. So Iran is now being asked by the United States to please show restraint. And Iran is saying we don't wanna show restraint. And the reason they don't feel like they have to show restraint is because they are perfectly aware that the Biden administration is putting all of its pressure not on Iran but on Israel. They can read. They're perfectly aware of Bar Ravi's stenographer reports over at Axios Bar Ravi's reporter for Axios and he, he's a stenographer for the O for the Biden administration.


Anytime they want something out there, they go to Bar Ravi, they slip him the story and he puts it out there and so they leak like a to him. According to bar Ravi and Axios. Late last week, president Biden privately demanded in a tough call Thursday that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu stop escalating tensions in the region and move immediately toward a Gaza hostage and ceasefire deal according to two US officials. Why is he saying that? Because Israel killed Ismail Hania, who is the political leader of Hamas, a terror group currently holding five American hostages. Now normally as an American, I'm very much in favor. I dunno know about you. I very much like when the heads of terror groups that are holding Americans hostage get killed. They deserve it. It's good for the world. Fewer of those people on planet Earth. Very, very good. Israel also killed the number two in Hezbollah in Lebanon, also very good for the world, considering the United States had a $5 million bounty on that terrorist head because he was largely responsible for the murder of 241 American service people in the 1980s in the Lebanon Barracks bombing Joe Biden's response to this is, I can't believe Israel's so mean.


I can't believe they're escalating because the math only works one way according to Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. When Israel defends itself, that is escalation when Iran escalates. That's retaliation. That is the math. The Biden administration applies to all of this and Iran knows it, which is why they're perfectly willing to quote unquote retaliate with overwhelming force. According to the Iranian government, according to Axios, Biden and his top aids are deeply frustrated by the fallout from Israel's assassinations in Beirut and Tehran, which took place less than a week after Netanyahu's first visit to the Oval Office in four years, US officials don't mourn the deaths of either Hezbollah's top military commander, FWA Chukar, who was involved in killing 241 US Marines in Beirut in 1983, or Ismail Kania Hamas' political leader, but they feel Netanyahu kept Biden in the dark.


Well mo bleep Sherlock. The reason that Netanyahu and the Israelis kept Biden in RK is 'cause he leaks information like this. So did the Obama administration. The Obama administration every so often would just leak Israeli national security information in an attempt to please the Iranians. Hell. Half the foreign policy establishment under Joe Biden actively works with or for the Iranians. There have been multiple members of the Biden foreign policy team who are now under direct suspicion of having taken payments from the Iranians. According to Axios, US officials told Axios that Biden called Netanyahu to discuss US Israeli joint military preparations for retaliations by Iran Hezbollah, but also to make clear he was not pleased with the direction the Israeli prime minister has taken.


In the last week, one US official said Biden complained in Netanyahu that you had just spoken last week in the Ola about securing a hostage deal. But Insig Netanyahu went ahead with the assassination in Tehran. You see, because the best policy as always, as I mentioned last week, is to negotiate with terrorists and lose more slowly just as the Biden administration treats as a victory. The release of American hostages in favor of terrorists and spies and murderers back to the Kremlin. Biden told 'em that Tenya the US will help Israel defeat an Iranian attack. But after that, he expects no more escalation from the Israeli side, an immediate movement toward a hostage deal. So he's trying to blackmail the Israelis into making concessions to a terror group that is currently holding Americans hostage behind the scenes. According to Barack Ravi, and this is again coming directly from Team Biden, Biden raised his voice and said that he wants a deal reached within a week or two weeks.


Why? What's that math? A week or two weeks? Hmm. Let me think. What's happening in like a week or two weeks? Oh, you mean the Democratic National Convention? So in order to please Kamala Harris' domestic pro Kamas constituency, the Israelis are supposed to preemptively surrender to Kamas. According to Biden Harris Biden told him that Netanyahu a hostage and ceasefire deal is the most important thing right now apparently. He then suggested he, apparently he yelled at Netanyahu on this call that was the report, is that he actually was shouting at Netanyahu because Netanyahu had the temerity to kill terrorists.


Well folks, Joe Biden is just running around yelling at American Allies. It might make you sick to your stomach a little bit, but you shouldn't get sick generally, which is why you need Balance, Of Nature. So here's the thing, I exercise, I try to get enough sleep, I try to eat well. Balance Of Nature fits directly into my day to day. Imagine trying to eat 31 different fruits and veggies every time it sounds miserable and time consuming. With Balance, Of, Nature, fruits and veggies, there's never been a more convenient dietary supplement to ensure you get a wide variety of fruits and veggies. Daily. Balance Of Nature takes fruits and veggies, they freeze dry them, they turn 'em into a powder and then they put them into a capsule. You take your fruit and veggie capsules every day and then your body knows exactly what to do with them and it's kosher, which means I can put that in the protein smoothie in the morning. Go to Balance Of Nature dot com, use promo Coach Shapiro for 35% off your first order as a preferred customer. Plus, get a free bottle of fiber and spicy when you're on the road. It is very difficult to get the nutritional intake you need, especially for me, I keep kosher, which means that I'm going in the middle of nowhere half the time. They don't get a lot of kosher food over there, but I can use that Balance Of Nature to keep myself in tip top condition, which is what you need because you need me giving you updates, but you need it for your own life as well. Go to Balance Of Nature dot com, promo code Shapiro. Again, that's Balance Of Nature dot com promo code Shapiro for 35% off your first order as a preferred customer, plus that free bottle of fiber and spice.


Meanwhile, he apparently threatened Israel that he said, you know, we'll help you defend yourselves this time, but if you escalate, maybe not next time. You think Iran doesn't know that Iran can read. They have people there who are literate. It turns out that they too can read the news reports. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris have greatly increased the chances of World War III with their weakness, their cowardice. It's unbelievable, and they're sending out their entire foreign policy team over the weekend not to tell the Iranians to stop, but to tell Israel that it ought to cut a deal with Kamas no matter the circumstances. By the way, here, for example, is John Finer saying that a ceasefire deal has to take place literally as soon as possible.


Israel also targeted a Hezbollah commander this week. Has that set back the ceasefire negotiations? Well, look, we've been quite clear, both publicly and pri. President Biden has been on the record about this a number of times and also privately to these Israelis and to other partners in the region that we think this ceasefire and hostage deal has to take place as soon as possible. This would be the best outcome we believe for Israel security, certainly for the hostages themselves who have been through an unimaginable ordeal, but also certainly for the Palestinians living in Gaza and for the wider region to just turn the temperature down on this entire situation and create the possibility for a more peaceful future and improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.


They are so pathetic. That's the Deputy National Security Advisor again. That is the, that is the, the Biden Harris administration. This is their fault. What is happening in the Middle East is solely the fault of the United States, drawing a gap between itself and its actual allies in the region. Saudi Arabia and Israel along with the UAE, along with Bahrain, and instead attempting to curry favor with the mullahs in Iran has always been the master plan of Barack Obama, the actual president of the United States, who actually did have his third term via the dead old man in the White House. And now his fourth term, presumably under Kamala Harris Obama was always the driving force behind the foreign policy of this administration. Meanwhile, John Finer says, we're doing everything we can to keep this from boiling over.


I notice you're not doing everything you can because you know what you could say to Iran, what you could say to Iran is, listen, if you activate Hezbollah, Hezbollah just won't exist tomorrow morning. Not because the United States wants to go to war, but because a great way to dissuade people from going to war as Donald Trump knew better than literally anyone. A great way to dissuade people from going to war is to threaten to clock them so hard in the face they will not be able to see ever again. It's a great, it turns out credible use of threat of force is an excellent deterrent. Why people refuse to understand that basic foreign policy logic is absolutely beyond me. It's the story of literally all foreign policy for every country ever credible threat of the use of force, particularly when you're the most overwhelming military power in the history of the planet is really good.


Again, this is something Donald Trump inherently understood. It's something he inherently understood. So quick story, I did a fundraiser for President Trump a couple of months ago in the back room. We were all talking and President Trump started talking about why Vladimir Putin had not invaded Ukraine while he was president of the United States. And Donald Trump said, I had a conversation with Vladimir Putin and I told him, Vlad Vlad, if you invade Ukraine, I'll bomb the shit out of you. And Vlad Vlad said, no, you want Mr. President? And I said, well, I might. And then Trump said, 'cause he's right. And if there's a 5% chance that that's true, you're not gonna do it. That is how foreign policies actually conducted in the real world as opposed to the morons in the State Department who believe that you can talk your way and massage your way into friendship with the Ayatollahs in Iran.


But here is John Finer suggesting we're doing everything we can to keep this from boiling over by putting pressure on America's allies. When has this ever worked? Seriously? When has it ever worked to preserve peace beyond, you know, the next week and a half to draw a massive gap between you and a democratic ally fighting actual honest to God terror groups as designated by the American State Department? It's insane. Here's John Finer Deputy National Security advisor being a dullard In the current moment, as you just said, that a Pentagon is moving significant assets to the region to prepare for what may be another need to defend Israel from an attack. While simultaneously we are working very hard to deescalate this situation diplomatically because we do not believe that a regional war is in anyone's interest in the current moment.


And, and that is something that we've been trying to avoid since October 7th. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. You haven't been, you haven't been trying to do anything of purpose. It's absolutely pathetic. So if a war does in fact break out in the Middle East, you know who to blame? Biden Harris. Okay, so you have an economy that is on razor's edge and a stock market plummeting, by the way, it is worth noting here. Warren Buffet now owns more outstanding treasury bills. This is a natural statistic. He owns more T-bills than the Federal Reserve. He has $277 billion in T-bills. He own 4% of all T-bills issued to the public. That's how much they were betting against the stock market growing under Biden Harris.


And then meanwhile, he got Biden Harris facilitating war in the Middle East by demonstrating that they are yellow belied when it comes to the Iranians. And still no questions are being asked. Again, day 1616 of no questions being asked to Kamala Harris, she's the current vice president of the United States. Forget about her being a candidate. She's apparently she's the only one with any level of synaptic firing happening in the White House. Joe Biden is so out of it, he's going on the wrong plane to poop. But Kamala Harris is very much alive. She's the candidate. Any questions, media, any, any at all? Well, Kamala Harris terrible at her job. The media terrible at their job.


And you know what Kamala Harris could have used in her home with some solid HR considering what her husband was doing with the nanny. When we started The Daily Wire, the biggest question mark was what we would do for hr. We were so focused on creating engaging content, it was difficult to find a managing professional capable of handling those day-to-Day HR tasks. If this sounds like you, you need to talk to my friends over at Bambi. With Bambi, you're not just getting an HR manager, you're getting a dedicated partner who's available by phone, email, and real realtime chat. They handle crucial tasks like employee onboarding, terminations, performance reviews with Bambi's HR Autopilot feature, you can streamline essential HR practice like employee training and feedback procedures, freeing up time for what really matters to your business. All of Bambi's HR managers are based in the United States and can support the nuances across all 50 states. HR managers can easily cost $80,000 annually. Bam Bee starts just 99 bucks monthly. So no matter the size of your business, Bambi can work for you. Don't wait another minute. Schedule your free consultation by visiting bam bee.com right now. Type Ben Shapiro under podcast when you sign up. Spelled B-A-M-B-E e.com. Bam bee.com. Type in Ben Shapiro to get started.


Meanwhile, it turns out even the moral persuasion of the Kamala Harris campaign is a bunch of a horse crap. So Doug Emh, who we have been told is the kindest gentlest. He's the second gentleman. He's such such a gentleman in Douglas Moff. Oh my gosh. I mean Doug Douglas, what a class act. And of course we know that he's Jewish. That's the part that's really important because we know that Kamala Harris would never be radically anti-Israel because Doug Emh is so Jewish, he's so Jewish, he has no idea what the hell hanukkah's about or Purim just makes up weird stories about those Jewish holidays are about. And his daughter has raised millions of dollars for terror proxies in the Gaza Strip, but he's so Jewish. That dude is so that, that's how we know we that he, he's a great guy. He's a super great guy. Not only is he Jewish, but Doug Emh also condemns toxic masculinity because he's the ideal spouse here.


He was talking about the evils of toxic masculinity because of course he is a white dude for Kamala. There's too much of toxicity, masculine toxicity out there and we've kind of confused what it means to be a man, what it means to be masculine, where you've got this trope out there that you've gotta be tough and you know, angry and, and lash out to be strong. I, it is just the opposite. You know, strength is how you show your love for people. Strength is how you are for people and how you have their back and how you, you stick up for other po other people and pushing up, pushing out against bullies. I mean, that's what I believe it is.


Hmm hmm. He stands up against bullies. It's about being nice to people. It's about, it's about being beautiful to people like your nanny. So that's the thing that guy did. So according to the New York Post vice president Kamala Harris' husband dung Emh Hof on Sunday admitted that he was banging the nanny, which apparently is a habit inside the Biden administration. The second gentleman reportedly strayed from then wife Kirsten over a decade and a half ago with a blonde nanny named Nation Naylor who taught at a private school, attended by their two kids and, and then he impregnated her. But good news, Doug m Hoff is pro-choice. And so abortion is an amazing solution to that, that time when you can't help stooping the nanny, you gotta love the, the upper class coastal elites in California, the ones who are, who are bragging about their moral level, about toxic masculinity and about tolerance for all lifestyles while they bang the nanny and just unbelievable.


Here is a tweet October 7th, 2022. I remember when Kamala Harris called me to tell me about the Supreme Court's decision on Dobbs. The first thing I thought about was my daughter as a dad and as a husband, I'm gonna do everything I can to speak out and help advance reproductive freedom. Well I'm, I'm sure that the first thing he did think about was the daughter that his, you know, that his nanny probably killed, you know the one, the one that was in her in her uterus because he put it there. What a delightful person Doug Emh is. And then we get lectures about the morality of Biden Harris. Team, team Biden Harris. What honestly, you wanna talk about a group of weird people. This is a group of weird people, these very, very upper class people who live in coastal enclaves with very blue politics who are cheating on their spouses with the nanny, impregnating them getting abortions, divorcing that spouse going on to marry senators in the United States Senate and then they get to be second gentlemen.


But don't worry that that is what love looks like. Love is love. Love is love. Why does any of that matter? Who cares about the second gentleman? It only matters because the campaign keeps trotting out. Doug Emh as a great moral exemplar to men everywhere. They tweeted out a picture over the weekend. That was honestly one of the lowest tea pictures I ever I've ever seen of Doug Emh hopping off a bus with Kamala Harris. So enthusiastic campaign for Kamala. I mean, to be fair, none of his kids need a nanny anymore. So I suppose that, I suppose perhaps perhaps he can keep it In his pants this time, but we'll, we'll we'll see. Meanwhile, Kamala Harris is supposed to select her VP candidate either today or tomorrow. We'll get into that momentarily First, The Daily Wire.


We're about to release our very first theatrical film like in theaters. We need your help to make it a giant success because let's slap Hollywood in the face now. It also happens to be a hilarious movie from the white dudes who brought you. What is a Woman comes America's Next great question. Am I Racist. It is only In theaters September 13th and it is fantastic. Matt Walsh went undercover in the belly of the DEI beast surrounded by professional race baiters in diversity grifters. Here's what you need to know right now. Presale tickets are available August 15th. Mark your calendars. That date is really important. It's coming out just a couple of days before the DNC wash the trailer right now@www.miracist.com. Get a taste of comedy to DI four 'cause like die for, but go check it out.


It really is very, very important. Again, www.miracist.com, go watch the trailer, get a taste of the comedy presale tickets are available very shortly so make sure that you're awake for that 'cause it's gonna be awesome. And meanwhile, Kamala Harris is narrowing down her VP selection. So apparently she's down to a few choices. She's been interviewing finalists including Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro, Senator Mark Kelly of Arizona, Minnesota Governor Tim Walls on Sunday. She's expected to announce her choice ahead of a first joint appearance scheduled for Tuesday in Philadelphia. The fact that it was pretty obviously going to be Josh Shapiro broke on Friday when the mayor of Philadelphia put out like a full video touting Josh Shapiro as the VP candidate. Probably it was scheduled for Tuesday and instead it went out early.


So everybody was sort of assuming that it would be Josh Shapiro. Apparently Barack Obama is a big Josh Shapiro fan, which makes perfect sense because Josh Shapiro does a pretty good Barack Obama impersonation actually. He has all of his mannerisms down in the same way that people on the right suggested that say Ron DeSantis or even JD Vance, they started to imitate the mannerisms of of President Trump. Josh Shapiro does like a, a pretty solid Barack Obama impersonation. Not as good as Bob, not, not as solid as this Shapiro's, no relation by the way, I'm not related. So that Pennsylvania governor. But in any case, he apparently is, is sort of a creation of Barack Obama. But there's one problem for Josh Shapiro and that is that he is a udin and there are a lot of members of the Democratic Party who are not so happy with the Udin right now.


They think that they are two pro Israel, that they're war mongers and there are a lot of people inside the Democratic Party who really, really like Hamas and really, really hate Israel. The Rashida Tali Han Omar, a OC wing of the Democratic Party. And so basically everybody has sort of been stabbing each other in the back in democratic circles over who will be the vice presidential candidate. The big hit on Josh Shapiro, who of course is the obvious pick. He's a swing state governor with a 61% approval rating. So pretty obvious pick, right? it makes perfect sense. The big hit on him has been that he's pro-Israel and that when he was 20 he wrote an op-ed, in which he said the eminently true thing, which is there will not be a Palestinian state anytime in the near future because the Palestinian population is radicalized, which is 100% true.


Well, good news as a Democrat, he has absolutely no principles whatsoever. So he immediately apologized for that over the weekend and he said doesn't, he doesn't believe anymore what he believes when he was 20. He didn't explain why he was wrong, but he's going to mirror the anti-Israel bonafides of the presidential candidate he seeks to serve. He also does happen to be not nearly as moderate as he's made out to be. So he made some early sounds in Pennsylvania about how he was pro school vouchers. Then he tended to kinda walk away from that. He has suggested that the pro kamas protestors on college campuses, their equivalent to the KKK ideologically, he will walk away from that too. Because again, all of these politicians are so unbelievably ambitious that they're willing to set all of their beliefs a flame, just pour gasoline on them and set them on fire in order to get ahead by like one step willing to sell out anything to be vice presidents of the United States.


But he's, he was never that moderate Josh Shapiro, he just happened to be running in Pennsylvania against Doug Masano, an actual crazy person. It turns out that running bad candidates in swing states is a very bad strategy for Republicans. They tried it in 2022, didn't go great, Bob, in any case, here is for example Josh Shapiro at a Pride rally. I'm here at Central PA Pride and I wanna say to everybody happy pride. This is a commonwealth where you should be free to be who you are and love who you love, and be comfortable that here in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania, the birthplace of democracy and freedom, you are loved, you are respected, and you are heard By by Governor. I've been proud to be with you in these battles.


Proud to be with you in These fight. I look small children, We are making Progress with the lbt. Got work to do with the lgbtq, We should celebrate our progress. Happy pride, Pennsylvania. Don't worry, he's a moderate. Okay? Meanwhile, he lies about Donald Trump's abortion position. He, he's basically a rote democratic politician with a couple of sort of more attractive features. Mainly he comes off as moderate, even when he's saying very radical things Here he was just last week suggesting that Donald Trump wants to pass a national abortion ban, which is obviously untrue since Trump has disowned that entire position. Trump brings chaos to everything he does. He ripped away the rights of millions of women to be able to make decisions over their own body.


And by the way, no he didn't. If he's returned to the White House, I'm sure he and Vance will try and pass a national ban. Josh Shapiro's smarter than that. He knows that Donald Trump did not pass a national ban or whip, rip the rights away. The, the Supreme Court said the issue of abortion goes back to the states. That's the entire overruling of bro. That's the whole thing that stops. It has nothing to do with Donald Trump, quote unquote ripping away, right? But again, Josh Shapiro is just a down the line Democrat who happens to be popular in Pennsylvania because he appears moderate from time to time. But again, his big drawback as a candidate for the Democrats is that a lot of the radical parts of the Democratic party do not like that he's Jewish and they demand fe, they demand that Kamala Harris disown him and they suggest that if you want us to lose the enthusiasm we have recently regained, then you cannot pick Josh Shapiro.


So that's been the big push against Josh Shapiro. Meanwhile, there is Senator Mark Kelly from Arizona. He's another candidate who's been widely discussed and the, the problem from Mark Kelly is that he's absolutely milk toast and there's nothing about Mark Kelly that screams interesting. Not only that, Mark Kelly has some pretty dicey connections with Chinese firms in which he has invested in the past. Like he actually had investments with one of the firms apparently that that helped develop the Chinese spy balloon. So all of that would come up presumably. Here is Senator Kelly suggesting that Kamala is solving the problems on the border. Sure. I can't stress more that this is an issue that Donald Trump and Republicans just want to talk about.


I mean, JD Vance is down here, I think he's in Arizona today, probably getting a photo op at the southern board border. Kamala Harris is about solving problems. Donald Trump wants to take us, drag us back a decade. Yeah, this is not particularly enriching stuff, but he is from a swing state, he's from a border state and for some reason he's perceived as moderate. Again, well done. Just quick note to the Republican party, broadly speaking, well done on running. Terrible candidates, guys like truly well done. I'm old enough to remember when there were two Republican senators and Republican governor from Arizona, so slow clap for the Arizona GOP, which has managed to completely destroy itself over the course of the last 10 years in the state of Arizona. Same thing to members of the upper echelons of the Republican party in Pennsylvania, which has somehow managed to take a purple state and elect two Democratic senators and a Democratic governor.


Like really, really well done. This is the thing, the Democrats, they're professionals with this. The Republicans are amateur hour, they're just amateur hour. Meanwhile, Andy Beshear, who's the Democratic governor of a very red state in Kentucky, he was discussed a little bit as a possible VP candidate. He seems to have fallen off a little bit, mainly 'cause he's not very good at this. One hilarious story involving Andy Beshear, governor of Kentucky happened when he was ripping on unemployment fraud in Kentucky and he suggested that Tupac Shakur had received unemployment in Kentucky. And it turns out that he had but not that Tupac Shakur. That was awkward. Unfortunately, it's gonna take a little bit of time in these because a couple of bad apples can make this challenge that much more difficult.


For instance, we had somebody apply for unemployment for Tupac Shakur here in Kentucky and that person probably thought they were being funny. I didn't know and it's my fault. That's the next thing that we have a Kentuckian who goes by Malik, whose name is Tupac Shakur. I talked to him on the phone today, I apologize. Well, he's not the brightest bulb in the basket. Meanwhile, another candidate who's up for this thing, I have no idea why Tim Walls not from a, not from a swing state, realistically speaking also happens to be wildly radical. You remember just last week, he was on the white dudes for Harris committee, also known as the Low Tea Party and, and he suggested that socialism is just another word for neighborliness.


Like when you turn in your neighbor. So he gets shot and you can take his and you can take his, his small farm in Ukraine. For one thing, don't ever, don't ever shy away from our progressive values. One person's socialism is another person's neighborliness. It is so true. One person's socialism is another person's neighborliness. Like when you report your friend for having crossed the Soviet Communist Party and then they drag him off to a gulag and give you his apartment. Socialism neighborliness the same. Meanwhile, Gretchen Whitmer, who has been considered, she's kind of fallen off the board a little bit, not as much talk about Gretchen Whitmer, but she's the somewhat popular governor of, of, of Michigan for no reason. I can discern, you'll remember that back in July, she was out there lying about how Joe Biden could easily serve a second term, which is hilarious because he can barely finish out his first term, if at all.


I think that the debate rattled a lot of people, right? It was a lousy performance. I don't think anyone's disputing that. I spent some time with the president in the White House with a number of my colleagues shortly after the debate. I talked to him this past weekend with all the other vice chairs of, of his campaign co-chairs and you know, he is up for this. Mm mm Yeah, no. And then five seconds later she's like, I can stab that guy right in the neck and we'll toss his prone body to the vultures. She also says, by the way, the women are people with a period, which is, which is interesting because half of her supposed appeal is her womanliness. Bipartisan tax cut will help reduce the economic burden of the cost of menstrual products, especially for lower income Michiganders saving people with a period from paying taxes on up to $4,800 in spending over the course of their lifetime.


And finally, there's Pete Buttigieg. So Pete Buttigieg is of course the former mayor of South Bend, Indiana, which qualified him for zero things ever. But he is gay and that's very important. 'cause being gay makes you a possible VP pick these days. Here he was not all that long ago suggesting that religious institutions should overtly be punished if they don't hire L-G-B-T-Q people. Here he was. This is again, not that long ago, Mayor, just to be clear, do you believe that other religious and non-profit institutions like colleges and homeless charities should lose their federal funding if they refuse to hire or serve L-G-B-T-Q people? Yes. If they are discriminating, then they should not be doing it with federal dollars. Okay, Amazing stuff there from a possible VP pick.


So all these are not particularly good VP picks. The big question for the Democratic Party, the most interesting one is will they overthrow the Josh Shapiro VP pick as a SOP to the pro kamas crowd, which would be a pretty excellent indicator of exactly what the future of the Democratic Party would be if a bunch of radicals inside the Democratic party can take the most obvious front runner for VP and toss him out the window because he happens to be pro-Israel, even after he's out there denouncing all of his former views. I think you can tell the direction of the Democratic party. Now remember, according to the Democratic Party, all that we are watching right now, the possibility of a massive war in the Middle East, a crashing stock market without extraneous rationale cost of living up dramatically over the last three years according to the Democratic Party.


This is all good. See, they have to play this, this weird trick. And the weird trick is that Kamala Harris is both directly responsible for everything Joe Biden did. And also Joe Biden is very good at this. Joe Biden is like an amazing president and Kamala Harris was part of that amazing presidency. So Nancy Pelosi over the weekend was out there suggesting that Joe Biden is such an amazing president, he should be on Mount Rushmore, which is weird since he kicked his ass off a cliff. I mean, unbelievable. She basically gared that guy. She hung that dude from a crane. She's like, but he was an amazing gentleman and he still continues. His corpse continues to do an amazing job. I mean, she's still got the knife, it's like fresh from his back and the blood is using off of it. And she's like, ah, but, but Julius Caesar was incredible and is incredible and should be on Mount Rushmore. Here's Nancy Pelosi really going for it here.


Such a consequential president of the United States. A Mount Rushmore kind of president of the United States wants to know what comes next that he Belongs up there on Mount Rushmore Lincoln and Joe Biden. But you got Teddy Roosevelt up there and he's wonderful. I don't say take him down, but you can add Biden, Add Biden onto Mount Rushmore. What? Like the back of his head walking away. Are you talking about this face? Like the one from the, from the debate, you're just gonna have a a, a big giant chiseled head of Joe Biden falling asleep, drool falling out of his mouth. These geniuses.


But this is one of the reasons why I think that this race is not even remotely over. Hey Kamala Harris again, I'm not gonna say it enough times. We are on day 16. Day 16 zero questions. War in the Middle East, massive economic bubble bursting, terrible cost of living problems. Day 16, she's the nomin. Like at some point, she's gonna have to answer a question. And it turns out they have no answers to these questions. So, Senator Lafon Butler, whose name I barely even knew because she was appointed to the California Senate recently, and apparently she was asked about Kamala Harris' flip flopping positions. Her answer here is just a classic of the genre. This is some solid stuff here from Lafon Butler. What do you think that voters should think when she's reversed herself on several issues just in the last four years?


I think that voters should think that she's a human being who learns new things every single day and is, has the ability to take the time and, and, and effort to hear the concerns of, of all people. Wow. That's a great answer. So she, she shifted all of her opinions 'cause she's human. 'cause she's a human being. Get this, who learns new things. So apparently Kamala's word sais is actually contagious and everyone around her also has to become some sort of word salad. Bi bizarre, world rhetorical idiot. Every time they talk about Kamala Harris, why is she shifting all of her positions? Well, she's a human and what we mean, my humanity is that she has a capacity to change.


And the significance of the importance of the change of the humanity is the reason why All of them, they're all turning into Kamala in real time. It's like invasion of the weird body snatchers. There's a reason why Sherrod Brown, I, I am enjoying the constant updates that we are doing on the show on she Brown. I will say the senator from Ohio, who again, he's in a red state. He is a, a very blue senator in a pretty red state now, and he is running against Bernie Moreno. He's narrowly ahead at this point, and he just, every time they ask him about Kamala Harris, he starts shrieking and runs through a wall leaving a Sherrod Brown shaped hole in the wall. So here he was on CNN running directly away from Kamala Harris.


You campaign with Kamala Harris. If she comes here, I don't, I have not. I mean, I have not. I've got my own schedule. She's got her own schedule. I will focus on my race. My strategy is perhaps different from hers. So that's a no. By the way, that that'd be a no there from Sherra Brown. I'm not gonna be anywhere near her. 'cause then I'd have to give dumb answers like Lafon Butler about humanity and change. Okay. So what should Donald Trump do to take advantage of all this? He should go on attack. Obviously Democrats are trying to present the argument that Donald Trump is afraid of Kamala Harris. The, the chief argument that they're making right now is that Donald Trump has said that he doesn't wanna debate Kamala Harris on a b, c.


And you can sort of see why, given the fact that a BC news is staffed by people like George Stephanopoulos. George Stephanopoulos spent the weekend basically cutting off Republicans who disagree with him as is his want. The Keebler Elf of Morning television. He suggests that Byron Donalds, for example, he shouldn't be able to give answers to pretty straightforward questions. And these answers are perfectly fine. This is Byron Donalds congressman from Florida, who's a Trump ally. This was Rachel Scott's question, my question is on those rioters who assaulted officers, would you pardon those people? Oh, absolutely I would. That's his words. Yes. And, but you did you but you did not leave in was the rest of his comments where he said, yeah, I would, but we wanna look at everything on a case by case basis.


That's what will happen. George. No, that's actually, that's not what he said. He said if they were innocent, I would pardon them. They've all been convicted. He said he would. Pardon those who assaulted police officers. Do you support that or not open George? You ju George. You just, George you just changed the soundbite. You just changed it. You now you added, if they're innocent, then I will pardon them. Let's go back to the record of January 6th. Again, not something that matters. I didn't change the soundbite. That's exactly what he said. Let's, Okay. And then George Stephanopoulos cuts off Byron Donalds and says, the interview is over. I can't imagine why Donald Trump doesn't really wanna debate on a, b, c news. With that said, the Democratic talking point these days that Trump is afraid of Kamala Harris here, James Carville trying to trot out this one.


So the big question is the debate. Of course, Trump was supposed to debate on a, B, CI think it was September 10th. And of course, of course he's y Trump is scared to date debate a girl. YYYY. So now he says he wants to do Fox and he wants this. And of course he's, he's In his pants because as we pointed out before old hip, all he does is fart In his pants. A strong language there from James Carville, a compelling argument. So Donald Trump claimed on truth social that if Vice President Kamala Harris does not agree to a Fox News debate, he will not debate her.


This is the wrong strategy. Listen, no one wants Trump to win more than I do. I don't need my newest campaign. I've held a fundraiser for him. I think the world requires the end of the Biden Harris era. It's awful. The way to end that era is for Donald Trump to get on a debate stage and expose her to public view every week. And again, I think more debates the better. Because I think that what Trump is thinking is if I do one debate and it goes badly, then she's gonna get a bump. So how about this? How about a series of debates? How about like a whistle stop tour? We can have a debate once a week on a topic and she will lose every one of those topics. We can do it every week. 'cause here's the thing, ain't nobody changing their opinion of Donald Trump, but the more you see of Kamala Harris, the more you dislike her, which is why they have been hiding her. She's like, where's Waldo of candidates?


She's walking around in like a striped sweatshirt and glasses, in a funny hat, looking increasingly like Joe Scarborough. She's just hiding everywhere in plain sight, but mostly hiding. So he needs to expose that. He needs to put her out front and center. The Trump team is starting to put out attack ads. They put out a series of 15 second ads about Kamala Harris on social media. And these are effective, says the sound of inflation, courtesy of Kamala Harris. And then you see a gasoline pump, prices increasing travel anxiety courtesy of Kamala Harris.


Here you have again, somebody pumping gas. This is the sound of inflation Courtesy of Kamala Harris. And it's like this a lot, a lot of this sort of stuff. And that's totally fine, but you need to see more of Kamala Harris's face, more of her laughing as the world burns more of her guffawing and dancing with RuPaul's Drag Race while, while the Middle East turns into flame. And Donald Trump did a rally over the weekend. Again, Trump, he needs to be meticulous In his attacks, because most of his rallies will be about very well calibrated attacks on Kamala Harris and her campaign. That'll be like most of his attacks. And then he'll just randomly start attacking Brian Kemp, the governor of Georgia.


And then the headline that comes out of the head of the rally will not be anything about Kamala. It'll be about Brian Kemp. We'll get to that in a moment. But here was Trump suggesting that Kamala Harris needs to be redefined. People need to know that she's gonna destroy the country. He is right about this. Of course, Four months ago she was considered grossly incompetent by the fake news. Now they're saying, oh, isn't she wonderful? Isn't she wonderful? No, she's not wonderful. So we have to work hard to define her. We, I, I don't wanna even define her, I just wanna say who she is. She's a horror show. She'll destroy our country. He is right about all that. And that needs to be the line of attack. JD Vance doing a a good job. He says she's delivered an open border and inflation that is her big delivery.


Kamala Harris, Donald Trump delivered peace. He delivered prosperity. Kamala Harris has delivered an open border in skyrocketing inflation. It's really just not a hard argument to make, but we're gonna make it as aggressively and persuasively as we can to the American people for about the next 95 or so days. Okay? And that has to be the campaign. What doesn't help is when you just randomly attack the governor of Georgia. So over the weekend, that same rally, Donald Trump just launches into a diatribe about Brian Kemp. I'm sorry, a presidential campaign is not Festivus. It's not time for the earring of grievances. You know who Donald Trump could use? The governor who's already endorsed him for the presidency and who defeated Stacey Abrams in a very competitive battleground state, Georgia.


You know, it's not useful going off on Brian Kemp. That is a useless gesture. It is stupid and it is useless. And the reason I'm upset about this is because Donald Trump is fully capable of turning all of his substantial guns on Kamala Harris. He's not running against Brian Kemp, he's running against Kamala Harris. Brian Kemp is the governor of Georgia. He's a Republican and he endorsed Trump. This is just a mistake. It's foolish. Here is Trump doing it? Raff Asperger and Brian Kemp, your governor who I got elected, by the way, who wasn't for me. He would not be your governor. I think everybody knows that. He's a very disloyal person, is indeed very disloyal.


How about not that, if President Trump wants to win and I want him to win, so please don't do this sort of stuff, then he probably should focus in on, you know, the person he is running against, who he has to redefine as opposed to allowing the press off the hooks. See, here's the thing, the press look for Trump's attacks like this and it's like oxygen to them. It allows them not to cover the actual issue, which is Kamala Harris. Brian Kemp is not the issue. Kamala Harris is in fact the issue. And just one second, we'll get into the more media misdirection. The media trying to continue to play JD Vans as weird plus RFK Junior actually tells a very, very weird story. Like an actual weird story. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapiro, checkout for two months free on all annual annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.


Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white people. Those growing up, I never thought much about race. It never really seemed to matter that much, at least not to me, Am, I, Racist. I would really appreciate it if you left. I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover, say I'm racist. Joining us now is Matt certified DEI expert. Here's my certification. And what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. This is more for you in this field. Is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging There however, renamed the George Washington monument to the George Floyd Monument, America is racist to its bow. So inherently, yeah, this country is a piece of shit.


White folks. Trash white supremacy. White woman, white boy. Is there a black person around or black person right here? Does he not exist? Racist? Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Matt. Just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never be too careful. In September 13th.