
So this is a brand new race. I've been saying this since Joe Biden got out and Kamala Harris became the Democratic nominee by widespread acclimation and or a conspiracy among the elites In the Democratic party to shove her in there because they basically had no other choice. The bottom line is this, the race has now reverted back to where it was basically before the debate. So before the debate, Donald Trump did have a solid but slim lead over Joe Biden in a wide variety of states and nationally. And now it seems though the race is reverting back to those fundamentals, we already had the outstanding circumstance of Joe Biden effectively in enduring a mental collapse in front of the entire American public and making clear to everyone that he was effectively senile.


But that is now In, the rear view mirror. And now we have Kamala Harris. And so looking at the polls, what we see according to the real clear politics polling average, is that Donald Trump is currently leading Kamala Harris by about 1.9 percentage points. In the popular vote. That includes a new poll from New York Times Ciena, which is a one point race in favor of Donald Trump. Again, there is a margin of error that is effectively one or two points there. Rasmussen, which is usually fairly pro-Trump has Trump up seven CNN has Trump up three against Kamala Harris. 49 to 46 morning consult has Harris up one Reuters Ipsos has Harris up. Two, the majority of polls show Trump up, but not up huge In.


the Battleground states, the latest polling data shows Donald Trump still with a relatively durable lead. In. the Battleground states, a new set of Emerson polls shows that Harris Trails, Donald Trump in Arizona, Georgia, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and that they're tied in Wisconsin. But those margins are way down for Donald Trump from where they were, say a week ago against Joe Biden. Right now he's up five points in Arizona. He's up only two points in Georgia. He's up just one point in Michigan, just two points in Pennsylvania, and he is tied in Wisconsin. In other words, much too close for comfort. This is a very, very close election. Nate Silver poll analyst, he says Our national polling average today would've had Trump plus 1.3 against terrorists, but it's been fluctuating rapidly.


She was down more like two to three points post-debate, pre RNC, more like four points immediately. Post RNC pre-bid announcement says to be more precise. Our current numbers are Trump, 44.8 Harris, 43.5, Kennedy 4.9, that compares to Trump 45.2 Biden, 41.2, Kennedy eight. Some further evidence here, she has less of a third party problem than Biden. What you're starting to see is that Democrats are coming home but not In, the kind of numbers they would for say Barack Obama, more In, the kind of numbers they would have for Joe Biden if Joe Biden had been completely mentally gone. Well, this means that Kamala Harris's campaign has now launched into full swing, and that means she has to do two things.


One, avoid her record, and two, she has to just massage the media. The media has to massage her right back. It's basically a really bad porn between Kamala Harris and the media In, the the love affair between the Democratic Party and the media is back in full bloom for just a little while there. There was a little bit of of tension, but now that tension has been resolved in a sweet embrace, and that is what we are seeing from the media. So Kamala Harris has now put out her very first ad. Her first ad. You knew it was coming. Features the music of Beyonce, more gay pride flags than American flags, and a lot of talk about freedom. Now, that's a weird word coming from Kamala Harris as we'll see, because it turns out she's not very much in favor of freedom.


By freedom, she basically means abortion and your taxpayer money going to think she wants. She does not mean typically what people mean by freedom, which is being left alone by the federal government. She means something very different. But this is a very gauzy ad, again, with the Beyonce music, very slickly cut filled with meaningless slogans that presumably make the vapid In, the media feel really good about themselves. Here we go. In this election, we each face a question, what kind of country do we want to live in? There are some people who think we should be a country of chaos, a fear of hate, but us, we choose something different.


We choose Kamala. Are you kidding me? We Choose freedom, freedom, Freedom, freedom, freedom, freedom. People are laughing, they're smiling because in Kamala Harris', America, there's so much laughter and smiling, many pride, progress flags as well get Ahead. The freedom to be safe from gun violence, the freedom to make decisions about your own body. We choose a future where no child lives in poverty, where We can all really, no, no one has poverty anymore. Wow. And there's lots of abortion is above The law, And also where she'll put Donald Trump in jail promise Of America. And we are ready to fight for it because when we fight, we win.


So join us, go to kamala harris.com and let's get to work. Okay? Again, a very well produced slick ad. Does it have anything to do with Kamala Harris? Did you learn anything about Kamala Harris in that ad, you learn nothing about Kamala Harris. 'cause the minute you learn something about Kamala Harris, you don't like her very much. I know they're trying to present her as a fresh face on the national scene. She already went through a very well covered primary campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination against Joe Biden. She got skunked by an empty gourd. That was Joe Biden's skull. It's amazing. Now, the reality is that Kamala Harris, if you just watch that campaign, ed, what you would think is that she's kind of a libertarian who's hard on crime, right?


That's what you would get from that. A libertarian who's pretty hard on crime now, socially liberal, but not fiscally irresponsible, and she doesn't want you victimized by gun violence or by the criminality of one Donald J. Trump. The biggest problem, however, is that Kamala Harris is unbelievably radical. Her inner circle is filled with people who have been by her side throughout her relatively unsuccessful political career. And I say relatively unsuccessful because again, she has won one major national election, and that was to senate in California against a candidate who was a fellow Democrat. So we'll have to see how this whole thing plays out. Kamala is a very, very radical candidate.


She's pretending to be moderate, but there's something you shouldn't pretend to yourself, and that is that you should still be using one of those old cell phone services. Instead, you should be using the one cell phone company that gives you free premium access to the media you actually care about PureTalk. This might be the best offer PureTalk has ever come out with. Listen to this. When you switch your cell phone service to PureTalk on a qualifying plan, you get a free one year Insider subscription to Daily Wire Plus. That's right. Take advantage of unlimited talk, unlimited text, 15 gigs of data and mobile hotspot on America's Most dependable 5G network for just 35 bucks a month, and you'll get one year free of Daily Wire plus The. Daily. Wire plus Insider Plan gets you access to our entire library of movies at series and documentaries, including Lady Ballers. What is a woman, Mr.


Bertram run, hide, fight and More? Plus, yet all our daily shows uncensored and ad free? The only way you can do that is by going to PureTalk dot com slash shapiro. I've been telling you to stop over paying for yourself on plan for a long time. If you haven't made the switch over to PureTalk yet, now would be the time. Go to PureTalk dot com slash shapiro today, switch to a qualifying plan. Get one year free of Daily Wire plus Insider. Again, that's PureTalk dot com slash Shapiro Today. Who are the people who are running her campaign? Apparently, Harris's family members have been her closest advisors, Harris's only sibling. Her younger sister, Maya Harris was chairwoman of her campaign for the 2020 Democratic Presidential nomination, which was seen as totally dysfunctional. So good luck with that. Her brother-in-Law. Tony West was previously an Associate Attorney general during the Obama administration, and he's been traveling around with her.


She also has a close relationship with her niece, Mina Harris, a lawyer and author since their marriage in 2020. In 2014, Doug Emh has been her biggest public supporter. We won't talk about Doug Emh H's. Insane radical Antifa daughter. We won't talk about that. Then there are her current and former aide. There's Rohini Klu who began working for Harris when she was In the Senate and has remained one of her closest advisors. This is according to the Wall Street Journal. Then there's Josh Sue, who has served as Harris's chief legal advisor, worked on the transition team as National policy director for the 2020 campaign, and Deputy chief of staff when Harris was In the Senate. So she's putting together her whole band, her whole 2020 ban. The problem is that that was a wildly unsuccessful ban.


I mean, that is a bad team. It is a very, very not good team. So we'll have to see how her campaign runs. Well, we know more than anything else is that if the cameras are on Kamala Harris for more than 37 seconds, and if the media aren't allowed to lie about her, it will come out just how radical she is. Because when she is unleashed, Kamala Harris is one of the most charmless radical politicians in American history. Certainly running for president, for example, Kamala Harris suggests that she really is just about freedom, about the American dream and freedom, but what she really thinks is more akin to Karl Marx. Here's a mashup of Kamala Harris talking many, many times about her actual goal in politics, which is not opportunity for everyone.


It is instead equal outcome for everyone, which is just communism. It has to be about a goal of saying everybody should end up In the same place. And since we didn't start In the same place, some folks might need more giving resources based on equity, understanding that we, we fight for equality, but we also need to fight for equity understanding not everyone starts out at the same place. So there's a big difference between equality and equity. Equality suggests often everybody should get the same thing. Well, that often assumes everybody started out In the same place as opposed to equity, which is everyone should end up In the same place. People in our country are having an experience that is not equal.


Hmm hmm. Well, I mean, it sounds as though she actually wants equal outcome because she keeps saying it over and over. The only way to do that is with massive government interventionism with subsidies by group. So does that sound particularly moderate to you? Also, Kamala launch her campaign with an appearance on the greatest American program of all time. The kind of program that wins you blue collar voters in Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Wisconsin. I'm talking of course about RuPaul's Drag Race. So here is Kamala Harris trying to get out to vote. Oh my God. And whenever there's a freeze frame of her laughing, I swear to God it is. It is just a, it is just an outtake from the Joker two trailer and I'm just waiting for her to take her lipstick and go.


And here is Kamala Harris on RuPaul's Drag Race trying to get out the vote Now on with the show. And remember, you better vote a little bit. Don't you just wanna die? Can you imagine four years of that? Can you imagine eight years of that? Well prepare yourself because that's what the Democrats want. This is the America Democrats want, is that also Democrats want, of course in America that is run by Randy Weingarten. So Randy Weingarten is the spectacularly corrupt and awful head of the American Federation of Teachers.


The American Federation of Teachers, of course, is the same organization that is essentially said that students don't matter. All that matters is teachers being paid to do nothing, and also the teacher should be able to sexually indoctrinate your kids. Well, Harris did an event yesterday in which she touted Randy Weingarten as an incredibly important person, tour her campaign and to America. First of all, this should be a dispositive disqualification of Kamala Harris. The minute you say that Randy Weingarten should have a heavy role in American politics, you should immediately ban from further office by constitutional amendment. Randy Weingart is one of the worst figures in American politics. She kept kids outta school for two full years for no reason other than to get her teachers paid for sitting at home doing nothing.


And that is the least of her sins. She's truly an awful human being. Here's Kamala Harris, praising her. Randy, thank you for your friendship, your longstanding friendship. As we all know, Randy is a force and she has been an incredible friend and an advisor to the president and me. And I wanna thank you on behalf of the president and me in our country for all that you're, She also happens to be an extraordinary liar. During this same speech, she said that she was the proud product of public education. There we go. As you may know, I am a proud product of public education.


Many of you know that my first grade teacher, Mrs. Francis Wilson, God rest her soul, taught me and educated me and encouraged me and inspired me A proud product of public education. When she was 12, she moved with her mother and her sister to Montreal, Canada, where she went to a private Catholic school called Notredam Iana. Then she went to West Mount High School, which was a public school in Canada. Canada. I noticed that's not a public school in say Oakland, I noticed according to the New, York Times, eventually the family settled on the top floor of a spacious Victorian home in an affluent neighborhood bordering West Mount one of Canada's wealthiest district.


According to one of Kamala's classmates, students were more divided. Quote about who had the latest DoorDash jeans than about race. She sounds like the proud product of public education in California, or maybe not


kamala Harris. She would like for you to put your blinders on. But what you actually need is to get new blinds. Not the same thing. No need to wait until November to unwrap Black Friday deals blinds.com is having black Friday in July with some of the best deals of the season. I love blinds.com. They invented the better way to online shop for energy saving blinds, shutters, motorized options, even cooling outdoor shades. No more salespeople in your home or multiple trips to the store. In the summer Heat blinds.com has free design experts that can help make a minor project like updating your window treatments have a major impact on your home's decor, while keeping things easy and affordable. They'll even send you free samples. Plus you can get unlimited window treatments installed for one low cost. And as always, you can rest easy with the blinds.com 100% satisfaction guarantee. We the Shapiro household got our blinds from blinds.com to help us keep cool throughout these hot summer months in Florida. Buying premium window treatments@blinds.com saves you time and money. It helps avoid the inconvenience of having a stranger at your door. Join blinds.com And there are two and a half million customers with over 25 million windows covered shop blinds dot com's Black Friday in July. Right now for some of the best deals of the season, save up to 45% plus score premium doorbusters. That's up to 45% off for a limited time. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


And then what is she actually campaigning on? She's campaigning on the usual litany of nonsense. She says Project 2025, yada yada, yada again. Project 20 20 20, that that is not going to wash. It's not Donald Trump doesn't know what it is. You don't know what it is. don don't know what it is. It's 922 pages long. But she's gotta say something. I suppose. Project 2025 is a plan to return America to a dark past. Donald Trump and his extreme allies want to take our nation back to failed, trickle down economic policies.


Back to union busting back to tax breaks for billionaires. Donald Trump and his allies want to cut Medicare and social security to stop student loan forgiveness for teachers and other public servants. This Is all like half of this stuff is just plainly untrue. Trump has campaigned on not changing any of the entitlement programs. For example, she just says this kind of stuff over and over and over again. So what does Kamala Harris actually believe? The reason that you are seeing an uptick in her voting numbers from young Americans is because she's embracing the radicalism. So the day before yesterday we saw pro Kamas rioters in Washington DC burning American flags and taking down American flags and replacing 'em with Palestinian flags and throwing feces at the cops.


And Kamala Harris took fully 24 hours to condemn it. She put out the following statement, quote yesterday, A union station in Washington DC We saw a despicable acts by unpatriotic protestors and dangerous hate fueled rhetoric. I condemn any individuals associating with the brutal terrorist organization, Kamas, which has vowed to annihilate the state of Israel and kill Jews. Pro kamas graffiti and rhetoric is abhorrent and we must not tolerate it in our nation. I condemn the burning of the American flag that flags a symbol of our highest ideals as a nation. It represents the promise of America. It should never be desecrated in that way. I support the right to peacefully protest. But let's be clear, anti-Semitism, hate and violence of any kind have no place in our nation. Here is the thing. I don't believe her. And the reason I don't believe her is because she has said precisely the opposite about the emotions of the protestors.


She has been Molly coddling these protestors since day one. She didn't interview with the nation in which she said quote, they are showing exactly what the human emotion should be as a response to Gaza. There's some things some of the protestors are saying that I absolutely reject. So I don't mean to wholesale endorse their points, but we have to navigate it. I understand the emotion behind it. So just to be clear, she understands the emotion behind the people who burn American flags. She's not super in favor of burning the American flag. She understands the emotion behind the people who throw crap at the cops. She's just not in favor of like everything that they do, including like throwing the crap at the cops. But you can't separate it off that way. This is part and parcel of a broader movement. Patting them on the head, incentivizes them.


That's what this is. And Kamala Harris met with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu after ditching his speech. They gave a speech In the Senate Day before yesterday. Quite a good speech, very bipartisan, reached out to the Biden administration, reached out to Democrats and all the rest. Half the Democrats boycotted it, including Kamala Harris, who is too busy going to some sort of sorority event in Indianapolis or something. Then she showed up to do a meeting with Netanyahu, specifically she, so that she could then go out into a press conference in which she ripped Israel. So on the one hand, she doesn't like that Palestinian protestors are humiliating her publicly by saying the obvious part out loud, which is they don't just hate Israel, they hate the United States. That's embarrassing to her. On the other hand, she really kind of agrees with them.


She really kind of does. So here was Kamala Harris saying she will not be silent on the situation In the Gaza Strip. Okay, here's the thing. The situation In, the Gaza Strip has been created wholly and entirely by Hamas. It continues to be created by Hamas. Nhu spoke in Congress about how he would like to cut some sort of deal with UAE, with Bahrain, with Saudi Arabia in order to create some sort of workable arrangement. In the Gaza Stripe Kamas won't allow any of that because Kamas is too busy shooting everyone. But Kamala Harris knows exactly who to blame, and the people who have to be blamed are the Israelis. Of course, of course, of course. Here she was saying, I will not be silent. She will not be silent. I mean, honestly, she's such, she's so tired.


This is also tired. She's now quoting lyrics from like the live action version of Aladdin. That's, that's Kamala Harris. Now, What has happened in Gaza over the past nine months is devastating. The images of dead children and desperate hungry people fleeing for safety, sometimes displaced for the second, third, or fourth time. We cannot look away In, the face of these tragedies. We cannot allow ourselves to become numb to the suffering. And I will not be silent. Well, she will not be. Si. No one's trying to silence you. Lady. Keep talking seriously.


See how it goes for you. No one's trying to silence you. All we're saying is maybe at one point you might wanna say, who's to blame Hamas. You might wanna say that at some point, but she won't say that. Instead, she is right back into the soup of moral equivalents. Kamala Harrison. Foreign policy. A terrible combination.


But you know what is a good combination? Rose Sparks this dual action prescription merges the powerhouse ingredients found in generic Viagra and Cialis, sildenafil and tadalafil into one formidable treatment. But it's not merely about the ingredients In the medication. It's how you're taking it. That's why Rose Sparks are designed to dissolve under your tongue. That's huge because dissolvable treatment hits your bloodstream faster than old school pills. The result, quicker onset of action, reducing the weight time typically associated with traditional pills. Plus tadalafil, the active ingredient in Cialis, lasts In the system for up to 36 hours. For treatment that works fast and lasts long. Connect with the provider at Ro dot co slash Ben to find out if Ro barfs are right for you. Ro dot co slash Ben. Again, that's Ro do co slash Ben Compounded drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law, but are not FDA proven. Do not undergo FDA a safety effectiveness or manufacturing review only available if prescribed after an online consultation with a provider. Go check them out right now at Ro dot co slash Ben. Again, that is Ro dot co slash Ben to get started.


She says, the war on Gaza isn't a binary issue. Now, I have rarely seen a binary issue quite like the war on Gaza. It is the most binary foreign policy issue of our lifetime. Incredibly binary. You had a full scale terrorist group occupying an area that Israel abandoned in 2005. They walked into Israel, they slaughtered 1200 people. They took 250 hostages. They're currently holding babies. They shoot people who are trying to get humanitarian aid in. They kill all of their potential political rivals. In the Gaza Strip. They murder anyone who dissents. They literally place weaponry in civilian areas. But for her, you know, it's not a binary issue. It's got complexities. Man, so many complexities says Kamala Harris, this is why I don't believe her.


don don't believe her when she says that she's, you know these people who are burning the flags. They're, she's just embarrassed that they burned the flag, but she's very much in their corner. Here's Kamala Harris doing this routine, And I will close with this then. It is important for the American people to remember the war in Gaza is not a binary issue. However, too often the conversation is binary when the reality is anything. But, so I ask my fellow Americans to help encourage efforts to acknowledge the complexity, the nuance, and the history of the region. Let us all condemn terrorism and violence.


Let us all do what We can to prevent the suffering of innocent civilians and let us condemn antisemitism, Islamophobia, and hate of any kind. What a pathetic moral relativist She is truly a pathetic moral relativist. There's so many, there's so many nuances. So much 80% of Palestinians support October 7th, if an election were held In, the Gaza Strip today, Hamas would win. If an election were held, by the way In, the West Bank, Hamas would win. By the way, if an election were held in Jordan today, Hamas would likely win. It isn't a binary issue though, don't worry. She's not radical. She's a moderate. She's a moderate. She went out of her way also to slam Israel for what she called food insecurities.


She can't say starvation because mass starvation has not occurred. In, the Gaza Strip, despite all of the lies from the pseudo international organizations, which are really just fronts for Hamas and its allies. So instead she's gonna do food insecurity. Okay? The reality is that Israel has shipped in two to 3000 calories per day per person into the Gaza Strip for the last several months. In the middle of a war zone. Something unprecedented in all of human history. But here she is finding a way to rip Israel. But yeah, we're supposed to believe her when she says that she's upset that people were tagging about Hamas on statues of, of Christopher Columbus. Sure, sure. My serious concern about the scale of human suffering in Gaza, including the death of far too many innocent civilians.


And I made clear my serious concern about the dire humanitarian situation there. With over 2 million people facing high levels of food insecurity and half a million people facing catastrophic levels of acute food insecurity. I mean, she's Bernie Sanders. She's just Bernie Sanders. And any attempt to try and craft her into a magical middle of the road, Democrat is destined to fail if, if people can honestly see her. And so it is the job of the media to ensure that the people do not honestly see her. That is the most important thing the media can do for her right now. So what's happening In, the land of media?


Well, first of all, TikTok, which is of course a Chinese algorithm that is very much having an impact on the future of this elective cycle. There TikTok is all out for Kamala, which should tell you something about what China wants in this election. TikTok, again, a Chinese algorithm According to the Washington Post inside the online army supercharging Kamala Harris's campaign, A grassroots network of TikTok creators energized by the new likely Democratic nominee, are using their skill at playful video colos to build terrorists, a viral political powerhouse from scratch. Or alternatively, TikTok is a virality algorithm that is programmed by the Chinese Communist Party. So maybe it's that you can put as much pro-Trump content as you want on TikTok. And I promise you, if the CCP decides they don't want it disseminated, it won't be disseminated.


We have an entire article In the Washington Post about the magic. The magic of Kamala Harris via TikTok. Meanwhile, remember that time that Kamala Harris was the borders are not my words. The words In the media. Remember that time that Joe Biden put her in charge of immigration policy with respect to the northern triangle. She was supposed to solve the root causes of migration like gang violence and trafficking and cartels, he said, said the presidents of the United States when he appointed her to this, but also natural disasters, hurricanes, floods, and earthquakes. Now you can make the case that she was never given any real power. That case is plausible given the fact that again, no one trusts her with power 'cause she's terrible at her job. Joe Biden did not trust her with power 'cause she's bad.


She's a bad candidate and she was a bad vice president, but she was in fact called the border czar by pretty much everybody until precisely the moment. It became inconvenient to mention that she was the border czar. So you remember at that time that everyone called Kamala Harris, the borders are, and then you weren't allowed to do that anymore because now she's running for president.


Well, the media loved to lie to you, but you need to wake up to the truth. The best way to wake up generally is the way I wake up. Black Rifle, Coffee Black, Rifle Coffee helps you wake up every morning feeling dialed in, ready to make the most of your day. Now is your chance to get 20% off your purchase with code Daily Wire at Black Rifle Coffee dot com. Black rifle coffee's explosive coffees are roasted right here. In the United States by a veteran led team of expert roasters who take pride in serving coffee and culture to people who love America. Every purchase you make helps them further their mission to support Veteran and first responder causes everything from getting funding and equipment to first responders to helping veterans get medical care. Black Rle Coffee has a huge selection of dark roasts, light roasts, and everything in between. Take the coffee quiz on their website, get matched the blend perfectly tailored to your specific tastes. Again, a portion of every purchase you make with Black Rifle Coffee goes towards supporting veteran and first responder causes. Your money goes a long way toward giving back to those who serve our nation. Head on over to Black Rifle Coffee dot com right now. Use code Daily Wire for 20% off America's coffee. That's Black Rifle Coffee dot com code Daily Wire Black Rifle Coffee dot com code Daily Wire.


So news busters put out an unbelievable co montage of members of the media talking about Kamala Harris as borders are before she, Dr. Before Biden dropped out, and then Kamala Harris as borders are after Biden dropped out. So the minute she became the nominee, suddenly she was no longer the border czar ever. It was wiped away, lost In, the sands of time. It never happened. Poof, east Asia. We were always at war with East Asia. And here is the, here's the, here's the montage. It's amazing. Vice President Harris was not a border czar. Meantime Vice President and Border Czar Kamala Harris facing some Backlash. What he said about Harris and immigration was not true. She was never appointed Border Czar.


And this will be her first visit to the US Mexico border Regent, since she was appointed as the border czar by President Biden. People Gonna have to counter the misinformation. You already hear folks talking about the border Czar. She wasn't the border czar. President Biden tapped Kamala Harris, vice President Kamala Harris to be the border Czar. Now, she wasn't the border czar, that's what Republicans labeled Her. They Were very critical of Kamala Harris, especially in her role as Border Czar. Now what she's up against is folks lying about her border record, calling her a border czar. Kamala Harris, who was appointed as the border czar. The Biden team didn't declare who the borders are. They wanted her to work on kind of the root causes of immigration. So again, that's the game the media are playing.


So, so basically we're all crazy. They're making us all crazy because they're liars. They're unbelievable unstoppable liars. Now for their part, Republicans in Congress have now passed a resolution condemning Kamala Harris's failure as borders are. The resolution was introduced by Representative Elise Nik. It condemns Harris's quote, failure as borders are they received report support from all Republicans plus six of the Democrats. Those six Democrats are largely in border districts or in Purple District. According to House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Mark Green, vice President Kamala Harris is not just a failed border czar. She's an extremist on border security and immigration enforcement as her record as Senator Presidential candidate and vice president makes abundantly clear.


In March, 2021, president Biden told the country vice President Harris was the most qualified person to lead our efforts in stemming the flood of illegal aliens across our south southwest border. No rational person could look at the years since and conclude anything except that she was utterly unqualified and has completely failed. That of course, is supremely true. But don't worry, according to the media, she was never the Boll. The borders are, and it's all in your imagination. It is all just there in your imagination. By the way, if you think the media are, are driving you crazy about Kamala Harris. I mean, your head has to be spinning with the treatment that they've been giving Joe Biden. So as we went live about Joe Biden gave a sort of valedictory address and it was pretty terrible.


I mean, really quite terrible. It was terrible in terms of content. He had to answer two questions. Why did he leave the race and why is he still able to be president? And he didn't answer either of those questions. Instead, he just sort of rambled on about how Democracy is at Stack and, and then, and Kamala Harris is gray. Now I'm gonna be president for the next six months and push. I feel like it's a pretty good synopsis if you don't believe me. Here was Joe Biden trying to talk about the winter of peril that occurred in 2021 and instead talking about the sale on Winter apparel at Burlington Coat Factory.


We've come so far since my inauguration on that day. I told you as I stood In the winter, we were stood in a winter apparel and a winter of possibilities, apparel and possibilities. Hmm. So jacket's half off winter coat's, half off winter apparel. So it was pretty bad as everyone knows. But that's not how the media covered it. According to the Washington Post report, quote, Biden's Oval Office speech amounts to a wistful first farewell. It had the feeling of a fawn farewell says the Washington Post. There wasn't a heavy dose of bitterness. There was more than a hint of pride. Are you kidding? There was a lot of bitterness. He literally said that he was forced out by his own party.


He said it became clear that he had to drop out for the unity of the party, not because he's a senile old man who can't hold it together anymore. But According to the Washington Post, the man who has probably given more eulogies than any other US politician, had a significant amount of wistfulness tucked inside his Oval Office address. A bit like he's starting to reconcile with the idea that he is soon exiting political life, something that has guided him for more than five decades. The man who entered political life as one of the youngest US senators in history is coming to terms with leaving as the nation's oldest president in history. The whole point of the address was to explain to the nation his decision to abandon his run for reelection and endorse Vice President Harris as his successor. In a way, he didn't really accomplish that. There wasn't a heavy dose of introspection In the speech.


He didn't acknowledge the bitterness felt over those. He considered friends stating publicly it was time for him to go. Instead, it was the first of what will be many farewells and also the first attempt to claim credit for what he hopes will cement his legacy. Oh, the magic. Oh, the incredible, incredible magic. Meanwhile, CBS campaign correspondent Robert Costa tweeted out a powerful photo. What was this powerful photo? It was a photo right after the address of Joe and Hunter Biden, Robert Costa described quote, a powerful photo, the hands toward his father's face. The eyes put aside politics and everything related for a moment and viewed simply at on a human level. You see two men, father and son, still at each other's side more than a half century since the darkness of December 18th, 1972.


That date, of course, is the date on which hunter's mom and Joe Biden's first wife was killed in a car crash. Okay, what I actually see here is Hunter Biden, a lifelong diante, crack addicted, terrible, awful human being who has enriched his father and been enriched by his association with his father and a terrible, corrupt old man who has spent five decades using his public position in order to enrich his family and make the country worse. That's what I see in that photo. But again, we are now, it's amazing. They switched from Joe Biden has to go. He's terrible. I can't believe he's not going. What a narcissist do. He is a patriotic and magical old man. He is just incredible. Kamala Harris did the same routine she said last night. Joe Biden showed what leadership looks like.


Apparently leadership amounts to being really crappy at President and then leaving. So last night our president addressed the nation and he showed once again what true leadership looks like. His words were poignant. You know, I, I'll speak in a moment about the importance of reminding people of history, history, teaching America's true history. He, he thinks and talks about his work and our country, understanding what it means in terms of what we do now and how that will impact the future. He thinks about our history In the context of the importance of the work we do now.


Oh, the history and the context of the important work we do now. Oh, so much context. Oh my God, we're getting more of these sentences. They're gonna come, don't worry, they'll happen. We'll get to the media's soft treatment of Joe Biden the minute he does what they want.


First, after more than two years, Daily Wire Backstage Live is making its return to the legendary Ryman Auditorium. August 14th. Join us live in our hometown of Nashville, Tennessee. One night, one iconic stage, one incredible opportunity to witness Daily Wire history, In the making. I'll be there along with Matt Walsh, Michael Knowles, Andrew Klavin, Jeremy boring and a whole lineup of surprise guests. Trust me, you're not gonna wanna miss it. Now here's the catch the Ryman. It's not a huge place. It only holds about 2000 people. This will sell out almost immediately. It's been two years since our last backstage live at the Ryman. Who knows when? We'll do it again. Head on over to Daily Wire dot com slash ryman. Grab your tickets right now. Also, this Sunday, we release a brand new episode of Sunday Special with Victor Davis Hanson. He's a distinguished military historian and prolific commentator on contemporary geopolitics. We discussed the reverberations of the war In, the Middle East, the merits of federalism and the consequences of a possible Donald Trump victory. Here's a little bit of the trailer, It's one of the wrinkles of history that this guy who was a billionaire who can be very crude and callous, has a a, a natural affinity for working people. And he's blunt and they admire his authenticity and he's genuine and he can be crude. If Donald Trump were to win 21, 20 2% of the black vote and close the border and go back to an energy first paradigm and then use the DOJ to stop the cartels and, and interstate coordination of all this crime and restore deterrence, I think he could heal the country very quickly. I really do by success. Don't miss this incredible episode of the Sunday Special with Victor Davis Hanson.


So the media man, they, they had three weeks where they actually did their job and now it was uncomfortable for them. You could feel it. They, they like their skin was crawling. They had to ask Democrats tough questions. They had to actually cover the news and now they're back to doing what they love to do, which is covering for Democrats. It is their favorite thing to do. It is their happy place. It is, it is the thing that makes tinkerbells fairy dust allow them to fly. It's their happy thought. And so the entire media are back to doing what they typically do. Here was CNN for example, melting down over the fact that there are many Republicans last night who are speculating over the fact that Joe Biden was obviously failing in his little farewell address. Tell me how you know he's manifestly incapable.


Oh, I'm, I'm sorry to say that this is a sensitive matter where there are a lot of folks who have been talking about this for some time. Oh yes, I've heard them too. My doctor tells me he thinks he might have something, but he also says, but he's not my patient. And, and look, the the deeper problem, the deeper question is who is actually in charge at any given time. You know, this notion that he's only sharp for six hours of the day, right? This is an incredibly volatile moment in part because of his failures. Are we having, There is everything you're saying, I'm sorry, is speculation. Yeah. Lemme tell you what is not speculation. It's Not a speculation that not Specula it speculation. Because actually unlike you, I've actually seen the guy at nine o'clock at night. We all saw the guy Wait, I love that from var.


Unlike you, I've seen the guy, we all saw the, he's the president of the United States. We've seen it. In fact, if you weren't senile, if you weren't falling apart, he would still be In the race. That is perfectly obvious. But again, the media has to somehow spin him into a statesman. Now this is like their big thing. So here's Mike Barnacle on M-S-N-B-C making the case that, you know, he was just so generous in his speech the other night. There are no bitterness, no resent. Are you kidding me? That is a resentful old dude. Everyone knows it. Come on. Nowhere else on earth could a kid with a stutter from Scranton, Pennsylvania and Claymont Delaware from modest beginnings sit behind the resolute desk as president of the United States.


And yet here I am. That was Joseph r Biden last night, the president of the United States. There was no bitterness, no resentment, no self pity in his voice or in his presentation. These people, these people, Joe Scarborough, who has flipped more times than Simone Biles dismounting the horse. I mean, it really is amazing, right? He, he, he, he went from Joe Biden is so with it. He's the most with it he's ever been. He's so with it. He's so with it. Then he went to man, he really is not with it. That's really terrible. He seems really not with it. And now he's back to, he is a patriot and a scholar.


My god, he's humble. I love that man. And then he talks about how we aren't a nation of kings or, or dictators that, that the power is in American's hands. Not some powerful strong man saying, I alone can fix it. Not some powerful strong man saying agree with me or I'll try you for treason. But to be humble in service. It, you know, that, that sort of servant leadership that Jesus talked about. And, and again, to project that out as you're giving what it effect is your fair farewell speech to this campaign and country, I, I think is a wonderful example for politicians of all parties.


He is, he is a servant leader, just like Jesus talked about. If Jesus loved him, sex marriage, transing the kids in abortion, he would be just like, also if Jesus were like a super corrupt old man who made sure his entire family was paid off so they could continue smoking, crack off a off, off hooker's asses, that would be just like the kind of servant leader that, that Jesus was talking about. Probably just slow clap for, for the media. You guys are, you're out doing yourselves. And by the way, she's only been a candidate for like three days. Like, save some, save some. 'cause you need some, you're gonna need some of that sauce later. It's gonna be a long campaign. Meanwhile, on the other side of the aisle, Donald Trump is already unleashing. Now the reality is, is that going to be a successful tactic for Donald Trump? Don don't know. You know, who the hell knows it worked against Hillary Clinton?


Is he gonna work against Kamala Harris? I have doubts. I think again, that all Donald Trump has to do is point to her radicalism and he wins swing states. I don't think Donald Trump needs to, you know, be kind of the full Donald Trump, meaning as aggressive as he very often is with regard to his own opponents. And we've been saying this for years, that Donald Trump with one iota, one shred of containment would actually be an unstoppable political force. Nonetheless. Here's Donald Trump announcing that post assassination attempt. He's not going to be very nice. You know, I was supposed to be nice. They say something happened to me when I got shot, I became nice.


And when you're dealing with these people, they're very dangerous people when you're dealing with them. You can't be too nice. You really can't be. So if you don't mind, I'm not gonna be nice. Is that okay? Now again, I am perfectly fine with him being extremely harsh on Kamala Harris 'cause she's a terrible candidate and I believe not a very good person. But you might wanna focus on our policy. So here was Trump yesterday calling Kamala Harris real garbage. This is here, here we go. I know Donald Trump's tight and in this campaign, I promise you I will proudly put my record against his any day of the week As the attack. What's the retort?


Well, I think it's disgusting and I get a kick outta one thing. They say, sir, be nice. You just got hit with a bullet. Maybe he's changed. Be nice and I'd love to be nice, but I'm dealing against real garbage. Okay? Again, I I sympathize with him. He is, he certainly, certainly is. But this is also the game that Democrats want him to play. Now, to be clear, what Democrats are really hoping for is a fully raw Jenkins. Now for those of you who don't know the online meme, that is a, a multiplayer video game in which everybody is sort of standing around trying to plan what their next move is. And one of the characters goes to the bathroom, comes back, and then just runs into the room without any further plan. That's what Democrats are hoping for from President Trump.


They're preparing for all of that from President Trump because their best defense, the thing they love using more than anything is calling Republican sexist and racist. It is their very favorite thing to do. Now, I don't think that's gonna work very well, but I think that Donald Trump should be very careful about how he addresses Kamala Harris. Not because they're right, but because if you alienate the female audience, especially an audience that, that Trump has been doing slightly better with than he did back in in 2020, then this election is just, it's too close. It's too close. Not to be meticulous, meticulousness is gonna pay off if Donald Trump is not meticulous. Again, the margins are too slim. In, the states right now, every single major battleground state is within margin of error.


Post Biden dropping out. I mean, they're in margin of error territory in Georgia. That is a massive problem. If Trump loses Georgia, the election is over, they, they're within margin of error territory in Pennsylvania, in Michigan, in Wisconsin. And this election is so tight. So Donald Trump has to be very meticulous about what he says the most meticulous probably he's ever been, especially given the fact that the Democratic party and the media, I'm not sure that that that coalition has ever been more enthused about taking out a Republican. They're enthused about Barack Obama, make no mistake. And they're much more enthused about Obama than, than they are now about Kamala Harris. But in terms of their opportunity to pull a fast one and shove Kamala Harris into the presidency and stop Donald Trump, I'm not sure I've ever seen more enthusiasm from the elite class In, the Democratic party and the media, which means Trump has to run basically a no mistakes race.


Okay? Speaking of errors that Republicans are gonna have to avoid. So JD Vance is the vice presidential nominee for President Trump. Now, if he had a time machine, if you go back two weeks, would he have picked JD Vance again? I doubt it. I think he probably would've picked somebody like Glenn Jenkin from Virginia in an attempt to broaden out his base. Instead, he went with JD Vance feeling because he was right that at the time he had a very solid advantage In the race against Joe Biden. Well, again, JD is super smart. He also has a long history of public commentary. So back in 2021, this is the sort of hot controversy of the day from the Democrats back in 2021, JD Vance was appearing on Tucker Carlson's show back when Tucker show was on Fox. And he ripped into what he called the childless cat lady culture of the Democrats, including Kamala Harris.


What I was basically saying is that we're effectively run in this country via the Democrats via, via our corporate oligarchs by a bunch of childless cat ladies who are miserable at their own lives and the choices that they've made. And so they wanna make the rest of the country miserable too. And it's just a basic fact. You look at Kamala Harris, Pete Buttigieg, A OC, the entire future of the Democrats is controlled by people without children. And how does it make any sense that we've turned our country over to people who don't really have a direct stake in it? Okay? Now I agree that our country has moved away from caring about the future because too few Americans care about having children. I totally agree with that. However, this description that JD Vance is using, is that politically smart or is it politically damaging?


Now, again, he doesn't have a time machine. He can't go back and undo something he said. Now, three and a half years ago, With that said, Democrats are of course using this as a club with which to beat Donald Trump and JD Vance. They're trying to run up the gender gap. So one of the things to understand about the election cycle is that the gender gap is larger than it has ever been. In, the history of American politics and all likelihood, males overwhelmingly vote for Trump. Females, particularly single females, overwhelmingly vote for Biden. And so they're going to try to find some sort of wedge to claim that all Republicans are sexist, and this is the wedge they're using today. So here is one CNN guest going after JD Vance on on this basis, But the reality is within the Republican Party, now there's a giggles caucus.


And you say these kinds of things because you get clicks and likes and hates and all that. You get noticed and you go to that. So that's the DEI comment, that's the sexual comment that the guy made. That's ultimately the cat lady comment. There's no real rationale behind it except that you appeal to that limited part of the Adams family, part of the Republican Party that likes that. That's it. Okay, so that is of course a former Republican who is saying that meanwhile Jennifer Aniston is signing into the chat to point out that the childless cat lady remarks are very distasteful to her. She's, I truly can't believe this is coming from a potential VP of the United States. All I can say is, Mr. Vance, I pray your daughter is fortunate enough to bear children of her own one day.


I hope she will not need to use IVF as a second option because you are trying to take that away from women today. Now again, one of the things that that Vance made perfectly clear is he's talking about women who don't have children by choice. He is suggesting that there is in fact a difference between people who choose to have children, people who don't have choose to have children on a general moral level. Again, I agree that a future oriented society, a society built around its kids, I, I actually think that's inarguable because otherwise this society has no future With. That said, there are many people who choose not to have kids who have good policy ideas on a wide variety of subjects. Also, more importantly, it's just going to be a political baton.


So this is why I say Republicans are gonna have to be significantly more careful about what they say against Kamala Harris than they have been against Joe Biden. Not because Kamala is wonderful or decent or anything like that, but because the media are waiting, they're waiting. Do not play their game. Just do not play their game. Donald Trump still has the advantage in this election. He does. He has the advantage in this election. It just requires the president of the United States, Donald Trump, former president, to be very meticulous about what he says. And the same is true for JD Vance. I've some faith that they will, again, I think that both are intelligent men, particularly JD Arty. Coming up, we're going to jump into the latest economic reports. The media are trying to suggest that the economy is now going great guns, which is presumably a pitch for Kamala Harris.


If you're not a member, become member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link, In the description, and join us.