
High Five Casino is the top social casino that's free to play. Sign up today to receive a free welcome bonus and exclusive first purchase offers. Choose the premium jackpot package for 29 99 and claim up to 700 game coins. 55 sweeps coins, one sweeps coin daily bonus for five days and 400 diamonds. Your high five moment awaits at high five. Casino dot com. No purchase necessary void. War prohibited by law must be 21 years or older terms and conditions apply.


Alrighty, tons to get to today on the show. President Trump saying that he will make his decision about whether to bomb the Fordo nuclear facility within two weeks will explain all the permutations of that. What it means, plus is ice rating Dodger Stadium and a fight has now broken out between Elon Musk and someone in the Trump administration.


But first it's Friday and someone brought a leather couch to a gunfight. It's been after dark seven 30 PM Eastern tonight only on DW Plus. Tonight I play a game that would confuse Confucius, answer your deranged emails. And Dr. Phil confuses Cam Newton for a pride float Plus. Glen Beck ruins my week with a movie pick and someone gets absolutely annihilated in this week's. Ben destroys it's s unpredictable, unfiltered, and deeply unserious. Join me and my slightly unhinged sidekick, producer savvy as we like the match and walk away in slow motion. It's Ben After Dark tonight, 7:30 PM Eastern exclusively for members only on Daily Wire Plus.


Alright folks, so President Trump continues to play his cards and everybody seems very royal by this. Everybody on the sort of anti-ISIS Israel, right and left that Horseshoe Theory group. They seem to be very encouraged by the idea that President Trump is going to taco out with regard to Iran, that somehow he's now going to let Iran have a clear pathway to a nuclear weapon or something like that. And some people on the pro-ISIS Israel side are very agitated about this as well, thinking the same sort of thing. That's not what's happening. That's not what's I'll explain in a moment. First, the updates from the actual war. So last night, according to the IAEA, the International Atomic Energy Agency, Israel hit Iran's Honda heavy water research reactors according to the times of Israel, a project under construction that had not yet begun operating and they damaged the nearby plant that makes heavy water, which of course is a crucial component to making a nuclear weapon.


Israel has struck several nuclear facilities in Iran. The heavy water reactor as originally designed would've been able to easily produce plutonium that could have eventually been used in a nuclear weapon. Although of course, Iran continues to lie and say that they're not producing nuclear weaponry. Again, the, if they're not producing nuclear weaponry, I just have a question. Why are they building facilities 300 feet under the ground? You do that if you're building like a normal nuclear energy facility. We have lots of nuclear energy facilities in the United States, in Europe. None of them are built 300 feet below the ground. The only reason to do that is of course, because you're trying to shield from some sort of attack, because that's not what you're, you're not producing nuclear energy in one of the most oil and natural gas rich regions on planet Earth because you desperately need more nuclear energy.


You're just so green. And I've yet to see the actual explanation for why Iran even needs some level of civilian nuclear enrichment. What is the desperate need for civilian nuclear enrichment? They're just such big environmentalists. They're like Greta Thunberg environmentalists very worried about oil and natural gas. Are they over in the Islamic Republic of Iran in any case? Well, Israel has been targeting military sites, nuclear sites, nuclear scientists in extraordinarily targeted fashion as always, because that's what the Israeli military does in the way Western militaries typically do. Meanwhile, AYA Khomeini and his friends have been shooting missiles directly into the heart of civilian areas.


So the big hit over the course of the last couple days is the Iranians achieved a strike on a hospital, not like a hospital that hides an underground Hamas tunnel, which is what's been happening in the Gaza Strip, where Hamas, a terrorist group uses hospitals in order to shield all of its military facilities, thus daring the Israelis to hit the hospital in order to kill the Hamas terrorists. We are talking just a hospital. Hospital. This hospital, by the way, does not even have any connection with the Israeli military like at all. So this is Soroka Medical Center in Behe, which is in the south of the country. And here is a video of a, of an Iranian munition, a large Iranian missile, which by the way happens to be a cluster bomb, apparently violating international law, hitting a surgery center that miraculously had been evacuated one day before and basically devastating the building.


You can see the missile basically took out the building, and then here is some footage from inside the adjacent building where it was strike. So they were wounding people who are already in the hospital, by the way, worth noting one of the people who the Iranians have killed in this latest missile barrage, I believe there's a young girl in Ram Gun was a 7-year-old who'd been brought to Israel for leukemia treatment. She's now dead because of the Iranians, because this is what the Iranian government is. It's one of the worst governments on planet earth. According to the times of Israel, Iran fired a barrage has been 30 ballistic missiles early on Thursday, scoring a direct hit on Israel's main Southern hospital, the Soroka Medical Center, and to other impacts in the central cities of Colon and Ramadan that wounded dozens of people, including six in serious condition.


Now again, the number of people who've been wounded and killed in Israel is shockingly low. Given the size of the barrage the Iranians have been firing. Israel's missile defenses have been working extraordinarily well. With that said, obviously the attempt to target civilian centers is a difference in kind from what Israel is doing in the other direction. Israeli defense minister Israel Katz, suggested that supreme leader Ali Khomeini can no longer be permitted to exist. He said Khomeini openly declares he wants Israel destroyed. He personally gives the order to fire on hospitals. He considers the destruction of the state of Israel to be a gold. Such a man can no longer be allowed to exist. Now whether Israel actually decides to take out Khomeini or whether they do not decides to take out Khomeini, and President Trump has already publicly suggested that Israel And America actually know where Khomeini is hiding.


That is a question of politics. That is a question of what would be best for the war effort. Suffice it to say that again, the Khomeini regime, the Ayatollah's regime in Iran is deeply evil, A deeply evil regime that represses its people that shoots protestors in the streets that targets its various geopolitical opponents ranging from Israel, which it wishes to extricate to Saudi Arabia. Remember, it wasn't all that long ago that they were attempting to burn Saudi oil fields. It's a terrible regime. Now, does that mean that the goal here should be regime changed by either Israel or the United States? Israel has said, Benjamin Netanyahu has said that regime changes, not in fact the goal. He says, and so does President Trump, that if regime change occurs as an effect of taking down the nuclear regime in Iran, destroying their capacity to create nuclear weapons, well, that's a side product, but nobody, no one, and this is important because you're hearing many, many people again on that horseshoe theory, right?


And that horseshoe theory left lie about the actual agenda here, just lie straight up. No one is calling for hundreds of thousands of boots on the ground in order to regime change in Iran. And when people even compare this to Libya, that's ridiculous. It is not like Libya. First of all, in Libya, most of the work was done by people who are already on the ground. There was some tangential association with Western intelligence, and I opposed it. It was wrong. We shouldn't have done it. In this particular case, the goal is extirpating the Iranian nuclear program. If the regime falls, that's up to the Iranian people. That's their job. It's their country. But no one that I know of is calling for a full scale, boots on the ground, a rock style nation building operation.


The phrase nation building has not even entered the conversation on any side here with regard to Iran. So all the people who are suggesting that all of this must end because otherwise Iran is going to cascade into chaos and violence and the regime's gonna fall, and then we're gonna get involved and we're gonna be the ones responsible. Again, I do not buy the initial premise that if you break it, you bought it. I I just don't buy that premise because I think that is a great way of dissuading you from taking actions against regimes that actually threaten you. Okay? So the big news yesterday is that at the White House Press conference with Caroline Levit, the White House Press secretary, she read a statement from President Trump that essentially set yet another deadline with regard to the destruction of the Iranian nuclear program.


I think people are deliberately misreading this in many cases. Here is Caroline Levitt's statement. I have a message directly from the president, and I quote, based on the fact that there's a substantial chance of negotiations that may or may not take place with Iran in the near future, I will make my decision whether or not to go within the next two weeks, Okay? Within the next two weeks. So first of all, not in two weeks, within the next two weeks, okay? So some time in here, president Trump is going to make a decision. Now, my guess is that the president already knows what he's going to do because the reality is that the Iranians have no interest in giving up their nuclear program. And this is sort of the point when you listen to the rest of what Caroline Levitt had to say yesterday, president Trump is not, as Matt Drudge would say, I don't know when Matt Drudge became a full scale leftist, but he really is.


I mean, there's no distinction between Matt Drudge's front page now and the Huffington Post. They're basically the same. But Matt Drudge has a headline today over at the Drudge Report suggesting Trump tacos for two weeks, meaning tacos, Trump always chickens out. That's what that stands for. Trump is noting, okay, he's not chickening out. That is ridiculous and silly. In fact, Donald Trump put out a post on truth social quoting, mark Easton of the Washington Post quote. Donald Trump is not an isolationist, but I think some of the Republican isolationists are suddenly discovering they're out of touch with the MAGA movement. And Donald Trump, I have total confidence in Donald Trump. This is the guy who killed Kassem Soleimani. You think he's afraid to take out Fordo? Of course not. That was Trump tweeting out that quote.


Okay? And if you listen to what the rest of the White House press secretary was saying, he has not changed his opinion on this, and he's not going to change his opinion on this. Iran cannot be nuclear. I'll spell out the options in a moment. Here's Caroline Levitt explaining Iran has all of the preconditions they need to achieve a nuke, and all they're waiting for is basically that final run. Let's be very clear, Iran has all that it needs to achieve a nuclear weapon. All they need is a decision from the Supreme leader to do that. And it would take a couple of weeks to complete the production of that weapon, which would of course pose an existential threat, not just to Israel, but to the United States and to the entire world.


Okay? And then she continued by suggesting what are the conditions? Because she just asked, what are the conditions for a deal to be made? And guess what? The conditions are precisely the same as they have always been. I don't know who's high on their own supply here, who believes that President Trump has now radically shifted his position. He has not. He just put a clock on this thing. That's all. No enrichment of a uranium, and it would absolutely not. Iran is not absolutely not able to achieve a nuclear weapon. The president has been very clear about that. Okay? Again, no uranium enrichment, no working toward a nuclear weapon. Does that sound like President Trump has changed his opinion? Now again, there was a sort of quasi celebration that broke out among the Horseshoe theory folks suggesting that perhaps finally the isolationist had their win.


Perhaps now, Donald Trump was abandoning his entire stated goal with regard to the Iranian nuclear program for two decades. Guys, you read him wrong. You're still reading him wrong. You are still reading him wrong. That's not what the president of the United States is saying. That's not what the president of the United States is doing. We'll get to more on the president of the United States. What exactly is he doing here? Plus, are people falling in love with AI chatbots? And if so, why?


First picture this, you walk over to your computer, pull up your entire browsing history, hit print, and then you nail those pages to your front door for everyone to see. That would sound insane, correct? Well, that's basically what's happening every single day, unless you're protecting yourself with Express VPN. Here's the thing most people don't realize. Your internet provider can see every single website you've ever visited, even when you're browsing in incognito mode in many countries, they're actually required to keep detailed logs of your online activity for years just in case the government wants to take a look. And if you're in the United States, it gets even worse because ISPs can literally sell your personal browsing data to whomever they want. Now, you can't stop your IS P from trying to collect this information, but you can make sure they never get it in the first place. That's where Express VPN comes in. It encrypts all your online activity before it even reaches your internet provider, turning their logs into complete and utter gibberish. You know, I use ExpressVPN all the time. Obviously, I'm on the road right now. That means sometimes I have to use hotel or public wifi, and I don't want my info out there. And that's why I use Express VPN. It's simple to use just one tap on any device, phone, laptop, tablet, whatever. You know, your privacy is completely locked down. So if you'd like to join me in fighting for your privacy, use my special link to get four extra months of ExpressVPN for free at ExpressVPN dot com slash ben. That's ExpressVPN dot com slash Ben.


Also, I've discovered an incredible tool. It gives me real time insights into my metabolism through something as simple as my breath. It's called Lumen. Lumen is the world's first hand held metabolic coach. All you need to do is breathe into it first thing in the morning, and you'll know exactly what's happening with your metabolism. Whether you're burning fats or carbs based on your measurements, lumen creates a personalized nutrition plan just for you. I can breathe into it before and after workouts and meals and know exactly what's going on in my body in real time. Since your metabolism is basically the engine behind everything your body does when it's working really well, you get all kinds of great benefits. You'll find it easier to manage your weight. You have more energy throughout the day. You'll see better results from your workouts. You'll even sleep better. It all connects back to that healthy metabolism. The warmer months are here, spring back into your health and fitness. Go to Lumen, do me slash SHAPIRO, get 10% off your Lumen. That's LUME n.me/ SHAPIRO for 10% off your purchase Lumen iss great. It's gonna make your life better and healthier. Thanks to Lumen for sponsoring this episode. Again, check them out at lumen.me/ SHAPIRO and get 10% off your Lumen today.


And then, just for good measure, Caroline Levitt said, our goal here is no nuclear program. The decision will happen within two weeks. Do you guys not speak English? Nobody should be surprised by the president's position that Iran absolutely cannot obtain a nuclear weapon. He's been unequivocally clear about this for decades, not just as president, not just as a presidential candidate, but also as a private citizen. In fact, I have some quotes for you. In 2011, president Trump said, America's primary goal with Iran must be to destroy its nuclear ambitions. We cannot allow this radical regime to acquire a nuclear weapon that they will either use or hand off to terrorists. In 2015, the President said, the problem is that Iran poses the next existential threat to Israel, our Middle Eastern allies in the United States.


And of course, the President has repeated that in his first term as president and his second term as President as well. That's why he was adamantly opposed to the disastrous around a nuclear agreement that was implemented by President Obama. And as I just told you, from the president directly, he has, he will make a decision within two weeks. Again, is this Trump chickening out? No, this is President Trump setting a clock again and saying, this is your final chance. Okay? This is your final, final chance. There are no more final chances. Do not pass code. Do not collect $200. And she points out that, that Caroline Levitt, that the President is doing a good job of getting the whole world on board. And one of the astonishing things about this is that pretty much no one, yeah, the Europeans are mulling a little bit, but that's what you would expect.


They, they're Europeans. They're Europeans. And when the Israelis want the opinions of the French on something, then They can always call the French and learn how to surrender in war. But the Europeans are complaining a little. But the truth is, most of the Europeans are just very grateful to Israel for taking out the nuclear program. In fact, the Chancellor of Germany, Frederick Mers, said specifically that he is thankful that Israel is doing the dirty work the rest of the world has ignored for several decades. Caroline Levitt says the whole world is on Trump's side when he says there can't be an Iranian nuke. Well, certainly the entire world is on the President's side when it comes to the fact that Iran cannot obtain a nuclear weapon. This is something that pretty much all of all of humanity, except for the Iranian terrorist regime themselves agree upon.


Okay? Meanwhile, the Iranian Supreme leader, Ayatollah Khomeini, says his country would not surrender. Okay? So again, for all those who believe that this is likely to end in some sort of conciliatory negotiation with the Iranians, very highly doubtful, very highly doubtful. And let's be clear, Iran does not have any serious allies. None. No one is coming to their defense. Obviously have the Russians mouthing off a little bit, but they're not providing any substantial real defense to the Iranians. The Chinese have flown a couple of flights in, but they're really not getting involved. Even Hezbollah, which is an Iranian proxy terror group, has said, well, have fun guys enjoy, you know, like, like have fun in your war, but we're not getting involved at all.


Okay? So meanwhile, the Iranians have been calling the United States and begging the US to call off Israel according to the times of Israel, US special envoy to the Middle East, Steve Witkoff and Iranian foreign minister, Abbas Iraqi, has spoken by phone several times since Israel began its strikes on Iran last week in a bid to find a diplomatic end to the crisis, three diplomats told Reuters, according to those diplomats, Iraqi said it, Tehran would not return to negotiations over its nuclear program unless Israel stopped the attacks. Well, good luck with that. Israel is not going to stop. They didn't start so that they could be stopped. The, the truth is that Israel probably did not ask for explicit permission from the United States to do this. That was the word of Marco Rubio, the Secretary of State.


In all likelihood, what happened is that Israel had some sort of understanding with the United States that if they decided to go, the United States would participate in shooting down missiles coming the other way. That was probably the extent of the, of whatever agreement took place. There'd be some intelligence sharing, shooting down in the missiles, coming the other way and the like. But the notion that Steve Witkoff is gonna call off the Israeli Air Force from bombing sites because Abba, the negotiator on behalf of the Iran, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps is, is telling him to that that is not going to be a thing, especially because Tehran is rejecting every offer that Witkoff has put in front of them. I mean, I've been very critical of Steve Whit Coff's negotiating ability.


But let's be clear about this. Steve Witkoff has put a bunch of proposals in front of the Iranians, and they've rejected all of them. And that's up to the Iranians, not Steve Witkoff. That's not wit Coff's fault that the Iranians have decided to be totally intransigent about their nuclear program. Meanwhile, the Europeans are doing exactly what you would suggest they, they were going to do, which is they apparently are going to meet with the Iranians on Friday. Which again, not, not a shock in any way, shape or form. This is what the Europeans do. Apparently, secretary of State, Marco Rubio met Thursday with his UK counterpart for Secretary David Lamie, to discuss the conflict between Iran and Israel. They agreed Iran can never develop or acquire a nuclear weapon. And then Lammie said the situation, the Middle East remains perilous and added a window now exists within the next two weeks to achieve a diplomatic solution.


Okay? Sure guys. Okay, well, you know, you know, it'd be an even better diplomatic solution if Iran did not have Fordo to actually negotiate with, because at that point they don't have any leverage. Okay? But bottom line here is President Trump is trying to provide as much of an all frame to the Iranians as humanly possible. He has all along, and he holds all the cards here. The United States has not fired a weapon yet. The United States, the only thing the United States has done is helped shoot down missiles. That's it. We have not fired an offensive shot and angry yet. Well, when you have the 800 pound gorilla sitting in the back of the room waiting to go, that's a pretty good hand of cards that you're playing to mix the metaphors there.


Now, meanwhile, the Trump administration is apparently boosting monitoring of possible Iran back cells in the United States. So for all those who say that Iran is not a threat to the United States, and you know, they're just friendly and wonderful, I don't know a lot of friendly countries that have actual terror cells planted across the United States who are like our friends and are interested in widespread negotiations. According to FBI, director Cash Patel, he has increased efforts according to CBS news, to monitor possible domestic sleeper cells linked to Hezbollah, which of course is a terrorist group, both the White House and FBI declined it to comment the threat from Iranian operatives have has worried current and former administration officials since Iranian general Kaseem Soleimani was assassinated in January, 2020.


Now, let's be clear, the threat preexisted that obviously Hezbollah has a wide presence, unfortunately in Latin America and Europe as well. Iran keeps threatening to retaliate if the US strikes. But I think one of the reasons why the United States and Israel have been holding off from killing Ali Khomeini, the Supreme Ayatollah, I think the reason for that is because the idea is, okay, if your nuclear facilities go bye-bye, at least you still get to retain power and be alive. You still get to remain among the living and and breathing, and perhaps one day your son takes over. If you attack the United States or activate terror cells, you are dead and probably so is your son, because that is the way the Middle East works, okay? Meanwhile, Benjamin Netanyahu, he has said, listen, president Trump's gonna do what's best for America.


I trust his judgment. This is the number one true. But number two, it's the right tack for the Prime Minister of Israel. Because of course, America and Israel have interests that overlap in this particular area, but are not identical. President Trump will do what's best for America. I trust his judgment. He's a tremendous friend, a tremendous world leader, a tremendous friend of Israel and the Jewish people. Okay, prime Minister Netanyahu went on to say that regime change, Iran is not a formal goal of the Israeli campaign. He said it could be a result, but that's up to the Iranian people. Quote, the matter of changing the regime or the fall of this regime is first and foremost a matter for the Iranian people. What is America doing?


He said, American pilots are intercepting drones alongside our pilots. He also mentioned the Thad Advanced Missile Defense System, the United States sent to Israel last October, and the deployment of US destroyers equipped with the Navy's ageist combat system. Netanyahu also said that Israel has the capacity to do what it needs to do when it comes to Iran's nuclear facilities. That if in fact, the United States does not take out four oh, Israel has alternative plans, which again, I would be shocked if they did not, if they'd entered into a full scale attempt to take down the Iranian nuclear program, but had no plans at all for four oh no contingency plans, even high risk plans, that would be absolutely shocking given the sophistication of the Israeli assault on Hezbollah in Lebanon, and now the Israeli operation in Iran.


However, obviously the easiest solution militarily would be the dropping of 30,000 pound bombs on Fordo. Again, Fordo is the remaining nuclear facility. Naans has already been largely destroyed. Iraq has been destroyed. If Isfahan has been largely destroyed, the biggest remaining outstanding nuclear facility remains in four oh, which is buried some 300 feet under the ground. So I asked our friends and Sponsors over at Perplexity, what type of munitions would be required in order to penetrate the four oh nuclear facility in Iran. And Perplexity points out GBU 57 massive ordinance penetrator, a 30,000 pound precision guided bunker buster bomb with a hardened steel alloy casing and delayed fuse.


It uses kinetic energy to drill through rock and concrete before detonating the penetration capability. The estimates vary. It could be up to 60 meters, which is 200 feet through reinforced concrete. It contains about 5,000 pounds of high performance explosives optimized for confined detonations, and it would require deployment via B two bombers, which can carry two units a piece. So again, a B two bomber would probably be required to carry that unless somebody jerry rigged something, because that is such a, it's extraordinarily heavy bomb, obviously, Robert p military historian says, to destroy four oh, which the MLP was explicitly designed for, would probably take at least two bombs each hitting exactly the same spot. Now, of course, that sounds a lot harder than it is.


Okay? Th th this is not the end of a new hope. Okay? Th th this is not a miraculous shot that that goes, you know, into the, the one spot in the death star that's gonna take down the death star. Okay? Israel did this when they killed Hassana Raah. They actually dropped four bombs in exactly the same spot and killed Hassana Raah. And then just for good measure, they dropped several more bombs just to make sure he was dead. So hitting the same spot from the air with a B two, actually, it's not the way that you would see from a World War II movie. All these strikes are now extremely targeted.


Alright, and second, we'll get into what President Trump actually means by all this. There are some possibilities. First, you know when you're getting ready for bed, going around, locking doors, turning off lights, and you just want that peace of mind knowing that everything is secure. That's what you get with SimpliSafe. It really makes all the difference when it comes to home security. Most security systems only kick in after someone's already broken into your home. By then, it's just too late. SimpliSafe new active guard Outdoor protection actually helps stop those break-ins before they ever happen. Here's how it works. AI powered cameras work with live monitoring agents to spot suspicious activity around your property. If someone is lurking around, the agents can talk to 'em in real time, turn on spotlights and call the police if necessary. It stops crime before it starts. What I really like is there are no contracts, no hidden fees. Plus SimpliSafe has serious credibility. CNET has named them Best Home Security system of 2025. Over 4 million Americans trust them. They're also ranked number one in customer service by Newsweek and USA Today. I personally have a SimpliSafe system at our studios in South Florida. Producer Zach has won in his home, and we're all feeling a lot safer about all of that. It means that when we leave for the evening, We don't have to worry about everything being where it was the prior day. Monitoring plans start around a dollar a day. They offer a 60 day money back guarantee, so you can try it risk free. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash SHAPIRO. Claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan. Get your first month for free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash SHAPIRO. There is no safe like SimpliSafe.


Also, when we started DailyWire, it felt like we had to figure everything out with minimal help, editorial guidelines, studio setup, production schedule, branding. It can be overwhelming. New decisions were needed daily. Finding that one tool that simplifies everything when starting a business becomes an actual game changer, a lifesaver for millions of businesses. That tool is Shopify. Shopify is the commerce platform behind millions of businesses around the world, and 10% of all e-commerce in the United States. We even use it for our own DailyWire shop to make sure things are running smoothly and efficiently so you can get the goods. You might be asking, what if I can't design a website or I'm worried people haven't heard of my brand? Not a problem. Shopify's got you covered from the start with beautiful, ready to go templates that match your brand style and help you find your customers through easy to run email and social media campaigns. And if you need a hand with everyday tasks, their AI tools created specifically for commerce can help enhance product images, write descriptions, and more. Plus, their award-winning customer support is available 24 7 to share advice. If you ever get stuck, turn those dreams into and give them the best shot at success with Shopify. Sign up for your one dollar per month trial and start selling today at Shopify dot com slash SHAPIRO. Go to Shopify dot com slash SHAPIRO Shopify dot com slash SHAPIRO.


Okay, so what exactly is going on here? So that's the big question, right? President Trump said that within two weeks he's gonna make a decision. So there are essentially four possibilities here. Okay? Those four possibilities. One, Iran gives up. President Trump applies the pressure. He says, total surrender, Iran does. And when we say surrender, we don't mean that Iran hands over the keys to Teran to the United States or something and says, now you run the Blaze. That's not what we're talking about. We are talking about Iran Capitulating giving full access to Fordo and all other nuclear facilities to the United States and its allies to destroy. That's what we're talking about. Let's say that that were to happen. It's highly unlikely, number one, given their past statements and promises in what they're saying right now. And also the Iranians believe that if they do not have a pathway to a nuclear weapon, the regime is likely to fall.


Why? Because they're not popular with their own people. It is not as though the people of Iran are desperate to keep the regime in place. And so if there is no guarantee against outside interference, then the Iranian regime is very much afraid that they're going to fall. However, if that were to happen, let's say the best of all possible worlds, president Trump gets what he wants, the Iranians capitulate, then that is an enormous win for President Trump. It's a huge win for Israel. It is a triumph of coercive diplomacy and basically saying, listen, we're gonna hit you until you drop. And now you're surrendering huge win for President Trump. If he's able to destroy the Iranian nuclear facilities essentially with their capitulation without ever having to fire a shot. That's the biggest win possible, obviously.


Now, what's the possibility of that? Extremely low. You'd have to say less than 10% is the possibility that the Iranians fully capitulate and President Trump knows that You think He doesn't know that? Of course, he knows that Caroline Levitt was saying it at the White House, okay, possibility number two, Iran doesn't surrender, and then President Trump backs off. He cuts some sort of J-C-P-O-A 2.0 while preventing Israel from acting. And I'm sure that there are those inside the administration who would love this. I'm sure there are. They're undoubtedly the people who are leaking every single day to Axios and Politico and Tucker Carlson and all the rest. That that is a real question. By the way, if you would like for the administration to succeed, you do not want leaks. And it seems to me that it would be kind of important to find out who's been doing the leak.


I don't think it's gonna be very difficult to find out, but it's kind of important. In any case, let's say that were to happen, okay? Let's say that there were to be A-J-C-P-O-A 2.0. Number one, Iran is emboldened. They feel complete impunity, especially because this would require the United States to basically call off Israel race toward a nuclear weapon. And then let's be clear, the rest of the world gets a lot worse because if the administration's not achieve any of its goals and Iran is able to maintain its status and its nuclear program, then every other enemy of the United States is going to be emboldened. How do we know this? Because that's precisely what happened after Joe Biden and his idiotic pullout from Afghanistan in which we left behind tens billions of dollars in military equipment abandoned our allies and turned over the country to the barbarian cavemen who now run it.


And you know what happened? Russia looked at that. Vladimir Putin looked at that, and he said, Hey, what if I just take Ukraine? Well, China right now is casting its eyes across a very narrow strip of water, the Taiwan Straits at Taiwan, and they're thinking, should we go for that? And one of the big questions is, what will the United States do if we do go for that? Now they're looking at the words of some people inside the administration, including Elbridge Kolby, the undersecretary of defense, who is a so-called Restrainer, and who supposedly wanted to reposition America away from the Middle East and toward the Asian Pacific region. But who also says that if Taiwan is attacked, we can't really do anything about it. They're looking at that and they're thinking, okay, well maybe we can just take it. Maybe we can just take it, right? If, if things get bad enough, economically speaking, if we don't feel like we are out driving the United States and ai, if We don't feel like we're outplaying them internationally, then maybe we just take Taiwan.


And worst case scenario, we end up on top there. The relative damage done to China is not as large as the relative damage done to the United States. If they feel that the United States is not even capable of dropping a couple of bunker busters on one site in Iran, after their missile defenses have been completely destroyed in Iran, their air defense is completely destroyed in Iran. China's gonna think, okay, that's not even a mil. Like Iran is not a serious military threat to the United States, or even to its troops around the region at this point, given the fact that Donald Trump has now moved many of those troops away from some of the more dangerous areas, and they still won't do it. So China probably looks at, Taiwan goes, okay, okay. Meanwhile, the Saudis and other regional allies feel no necessity to push forward with Abraham of Accords, and they developed their own nuclear weapons.


Okay? That's the next step. If Iran moves toward nuclear credibility, so does Saudi, so does UAE. So if you like this region with more nuclear weapons, raise your hand. Now, slap yourself in the face, because that's really stupid. You do not want the world's most radical regimes all having nuclear weapons. That is a bad thing. And for all those people who are like, well, you know, Pakistan has a nuclear weapon. Yes. And it's been not great. Okay? Pakistan, number one does do intelligence sharing with the United States. They sort of play it Hal, these, but Pakistan and Iran threatening to go a nuclear war with one another every five minutes is not a good thing. It is not a beneficial thing. And Pakistan has used its nuclear umbrella in order to foster terrorist groups that have been attacking Indians in Kashmir, for example, and ratcheting up tensions.


Okay? Possibility number three. Iran doesn't surrender. President Trump does not bomb Florida, but he stands back and Israel continues to do the job, okay? So in some ways that's actually best case scenario for Israel, but not best case scenario for the United States. I'll explain why. If Israel does it itself, then the entire region goes holy. It completely acks the power grid in the Middle East. Now, some of that's already been done by Israel, a tiny country fenestrating, the IRGC, which was the supposed regional military power by destroying most of their nuclear program already. Already, Israel has changed its perception in the region in extraordinary ways. That's just a fact. But if the United States does not act, and Israel goes ahead and does it, number one, Iran remains humiliated, Israel becomes more of a regional power.


Probably the Saudis move toward Israel in the Abraham Accords, because obviously you wanna move where the power is. That's the way it works in the Middle East. You follow the strong horse. That's always been the way that it works in the middle. And by the way, in international politics, generally the problem of the US credible threat of horse is in fact reduced, not, not as much as if Israel doesn't finish the job or if the United States would restrain Israel from finishing the job, but if the idea is that the United States didn't act, but Israel did, well, yeah, again, it, it, it is not as bad as if the United States doesn't act and Israel doesn't. In which case everybody looks at Scance at the Americans and, and our allies and says, although they, they have no actual credible threat of force, but it's not the best case outcome for the United States as far as deterring future action from countries like China.


And then finally, the fourth possibility, Iran doesn't surrender and Trump act. Okay? So what is the most likely outcome there? So there's a lot of speculation that's been going on here, a lot of speculation. And now I just wanna point out at this point, there were some people who suggested openly suggested that bricks in economic alliance of Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa, would come to Iran's defense in this. And World War would ensue. Not a single element of that was even remotely close to correct. Not even at all. Like at all. It is worth noting that because when you take into account whether people are treating the facts accurately and the world accurately, you should take into account the things they say will happen that do not even come close to happening.


Okay, fine. So if President Trump acts, and by acting again, we are not talking about a full scale on the ground, boots on the ground invasion of Iran, full scale regime change, nation building, no one's talking about that. And I wanna point out again, people are lying to you about this. They're lying. Many of them are lying because they believe this is what's going to happen. And what, what's happening is that they are now arguing a thing that was never argued, nor to claim that they've curbed President Trump from his baser and more egregious ambitions that they, they, the restrainers have stopped President Trump. So President Trump were to drop a couple of bombs on Fordo, then actually the Restrainers won. 'cause what they did is they deterred President Trump from a full scale.


He was never gonna do that, you idiot, except I don't think you're idiots. I think you're nefarious. I think you're defending a straw man in order to protect yourselves from the fact that you were wrong. If this is what President Trump happens to, again, he may not. But if that's what happens, and it's his joys, if that's what happens, then all the people right now who are saying that they somehow won a victory by President Trump only bombing fordo and not doing a complete regime that was never on the table. And you're lying. You're lying in order to distract from the fact that you were wrong. And you totally misinterpreted what President Trump's foreign policy looks like in a self-congratulatory, isolationist way. So don't buy that crap. It ain't true. Okay, so let's say that President Trump act.


So what, what happens next? So again, the, the idea that massive regional war ensues that would require that Iran has some allies in the region who are Iran's allies in the region, quick name them. Buhler Buhler. The answer is there are none. Now, that doesn't mean that there is no follow on effect from Iran. There's always the possibility that Iran attempts to activate terror cells in Europe or the United States or around the world. That also is a possibility anytime the United States stands up to a state like Iran, obviously the question is whether the United States has enough of an interest in destroying the Iranian nuclear program to undertake the risk of that possibility.


And when you consider that Iran has in fact, contra Tucker Carlson attempted to kill the president of the United States, the DOJ already has indictments on that. If in fact, Iran were to to activate these terror cells around the world, that would be a terrible thing. The question for any serious world power is whether you can be deterred by a terrorist group from taking action to stop the sponsor country from gaining a nuclear weapon. If the answer is no, you may as well give up and go home. You may as well close up shop, because at that point, basically all it takes to be a country seeking nuclear weapons is to have some agents planted around the west. And then you have now successfully deterred the largest and most powerful military force in the history of the world, from stopping you from going nuclear with a hundred guys with AKs.


Okay? So what is the most likely outcome, truly the most likely outcome, just on a percentage basis, the most likely outcome there would be that President Trump bombs Florida. And that's basically it. We're done. Everybody goes home. Because at that point, the idea is that the nuclear facilities have been destroyed. The top levels of the IRGC have been destroyed. The nuclear scientists have been destroyed. At the very least, you've now pushed Iranian nuclear development years down the road, not like 24 months, like many, many years down the road, the Trump administration will have reestablished deterrence. But the rest of the world said, look, you tried to develop a nuclear weapon or say, let's say you're thinking about invading Taiwan, we will take the action that is necessary with the minimum necessary use of force.


The Saudis likely join the Abraham Accords, particularly because President Trump then says, listen, you guys are gonna need a durable regional alliance against the Iranians, and we've shown we can act. And so that is for the United States, probably the most saluatory outcome. Now, again, all of this is President Trump's decision. President can Trump, he can go any way he wants on this. Any of those four possibilities is in fact a possibility. However, I think the least likely possibility is the so-called taco possibility. And all the people who are slandering President Trump as a chicken today, and again, you're hearing that from hawkish voices who are worried, and you're hearing that from isolationists who are celebratory, which should tell you something about the isolationists. I think all of that is wildly overstated. I do not believe in my heart of hearts that the president of the United States has expressed his opposition to the Iranian nuclear program only to back off at the last minute with the destruction of that nuclear program in sight right now.


That now is the moment when he backs off. When Iran has commitment again, when Iran is the weakest position they have been since 1979. I just don't think that's going to happen. We got to more on this in moment first.


You know, every time I go shooting, I think to myself, this is great. It could probably be a little better. Guess what? It can. Let me tell you how to make shooting more fun, safer, just overall cooler. If you've never used a suppressor before, you're missing out. Trust me. Once you shoot suppressed, you're not gonna wanna shoot unsuppressed again. That's where my friends at Silencer shop come in. They don't just sell silencers. They specialize in making sure your shooting experience is awesome. The experts at Silencer Shop will help you find the perfect silencer so you can enjoy your guns even more. And now is the perfect time to get one. Why not let your tax return work for you this year? Invest in a suppresser and completely upgrade your shooting experience. The best part, silencer Shop makes the entire process ridiculously simple. They're the number one source for suppressors in America with the largest selection of top brands. Silencer Shop helps handle all of the paperwork so you actually don't have to. With their nationwide dealer network and easy to use kiosk system, you can get started minutes and have your suppressor faster than ever. So don't wait. Visit silencer shop dot com slash SHAPIRO. Turn your tax return into the ultimate shooting upgrade. That's silencer shop dot com slash SHAPIRO. Again, silencer shop dot com slash SHAPIRO. That's silencer shop dot com slash SHAPIRO.


Hi, I'm Richard Karn, and you may have seen me on TV talking about the world's number one expandable garden hose. Well, the brand new Pocket Hose copperhead with pocket pivot is here, and it's a total game changer. Old fashioned hoses get kinks and creases at the spigot, but the Copperheads pocket pivot swivels 360 degrees for full water flow and freedom to water with ease all around your home. When you're all done, this Rustproof anti pursers hose shrinks back down to pocket size for effortless handling and tidy storage. Plus, your super light and ultra durable Pocket Hose copperhead is backed with a 10 year warranty. What could be better than that? I'll tell you what an exciting exclusive offer just for you for a limited time, you can get a free pocket pivot and their 10 pattern sprayer with the purchase of any size copperhead hose. Just text water to 64,000, that's water to 64,000 for your two free gifts with purchase W-A-T-E-R to 64,000 By texting 64,000. You agree to receive recurring automated marketing messages from Pocket Hose message, and data rates may apply. No purchase required terms supply available at Pocket Hose dot com slash terms.


Well, As you may have noticed, MAGA is not actually split on this. Despite all of the attempts by the media and by X world who suggest that MAGA is deeply split on the question of whether President Trump if necessary should bomb fordo, that that split just does not exist by the polling data. Americans. Depends how you ask the question. If you say to Americans, do you wish for Americans be militarily involved in a conflict between Israel and Iran? They say no. The reason they say no is because they will say that about literally every conflict. If you ask them, should the president of the United States authorize the dropping of four moabs on Fordo in order to end the Iranian nuclear threat if necessary, that number is like 80% among Republicans. So the more specific you get, in other words with the action, the more people back it, the more general you are, the less people back it, which makes perfect sense because the American people do not want a long open-ended involvement in Iran.


I don't want that. No one wants that. No one's calling for that. Okay? But the psychotic nonsense that you see online is indeed psychotic and it is being generated in outsized fashion by bot networks. I'm just gonna put that out there. It's real. Okay, because the division, otherwise, it's very difficult to explain the division between every public opinion poll among Republicans and the sort of breakdown on places like X. So I, I'd like to give you an example. Douglas McGregor is a frequent guest of Tucker Carlson. He's a US Army colonel, retired combat veteran, and he says crazy things online. His analysis of the Middle East, shall we say, is flawed. So yesterday he put out a tweet quote, don't be fooled.


Israel is in worse shape than people think about one third of Tel Aviv has been damaged or destroyed as far as their military installations are concerned. I'm told many Israeli aircraft are being flown to Cyprus to avoid being struck. Israel was not prepared for Iran's response. There is not a single word of this that is even remotely true. It is an absolute clown show, absolute clown show, despite the fact that folks like the current vice president of the United States have praised a Douglas McGregor. The reality is that what he's saying here is psychotic. There is no evidence none. Okay? I talk to people in Israel, every single people who live in Tel Aviv who've been in bomb shelters, the idea that one third of Tel Aviv has been damaged or destroyed is full scale.


Crazy. That's nuts. The idea that Israel is flying it's aircraft to Cyprus to avoid being struck again, crazy. There's not a single IAF airplane that has been shot down. The only thing that has been shot down at all was an unmanned aerial vehicle, one in Iran the other day. That's it. Okay? So Douglas McGregor is just spewing bull. That's all. That bull that he's spewing has 18,000 likes on X. And so you have to ask yourself, why is it that fairly anonymous accountant and McGregor isn't anonymous, but there are many, many anonymous accounts on on X that spew absolute sheer toxic nonsense.


Why do they have 45, 50,000 likes on them, right? Truly anonymous accounts, accounts that have a couple of thousand followers, and suddenly they tweet something psychotic crazy. It can be on a wide variety of topics. When it comes to Israel, it seems to be always the, the side that is wildly anti-ISIS, Israel conspiratorial about Israel and Jews and all the rest of tens of thousands of likes totally disconnected from the American public. And it rots brains. It really does, because if you're a politician or if you're in the media space, you're always looking for feedback loops. You're always trying to find out what does the audience think of you? What does the audience think of what you think? And for most people in the media, they're now going to follow what they believe the audience wants of them. And so if you have a system, a feedback loop that is broken, that is providing you a false feedback that says the most popular stuff in the world is this kind of stuff, stuff, you're gonna start feeding them, that kind of stuff.


Now, again, I'm not doubting the sincerity of people who oppose what I say on these issues. I'm sure they're perfectly sincere in their beliefs, but there is just a natural human inclination to follow the crowd that you think is following you. And so if you have X repeating over and over and over, sheer nonsense, true trash, then you have to wonder what impact that has politically. Because the reality is, if you go back 50 years, the way that Congress people, for example, would have a feedback loop, their feedback loop operated through phone calls to the congressional office and through letters to the congressional office, you still see semblances of this today. If somebody is trying to generate support for a bill, then they'll say, call your congressman.


Right? Write a letter to your Congressman Y because the Congress people may not have polling in their particular district on this issue. And so what they will do is they will use a letter as they stand in for a hundred people. If I received a letter saying, they don't like this bill, that means probably a hundred people don't like that bill. Well, X is real time velocity driven and fast. And so what you'll have is AIDS to senators and Congress people. You'll have media personalities with assistance who will say, you're trending. You're trending on X, and that means that you've either done something very wrong or something very right, depending on the nature of the trend. Well, if those algorithms are being gamed by people, which I think there's no doubt they are, and when I say I think there's no data to show this, then you should seriously ask whether your feedback loop is broken, whether in fact X is mind rot, whether if you follow X all the way down the route.


In the same way that blue sky for the left is mind rot, that if you create these echo chambers that can be gamed in many cases by outside forces, whether that changes how people think in positions of of high influence. The reason I bring this up is because a new report from the network, Contagent Research Institute shows that there are rogue states, including Russia and Iran that have been targeting the MAGA movement and trying to quote, destabilize the right from within. This is the New York Post reporting. Both rogue states are using tens of thousands of social media bots to amplify untrue voices and opinions masquerading as MAGA loyalists to cause chaos and confusion and question US leadership. Now again, that that, none of this is shocking at all.


If you go back to an episode that I did a couple of months ago after I visited Ukrainian and interviewed President Zelensky over there, I talked about the work of Alexander Dugan, and he was writing in the 1990s about the necessity of upbring and increasing support for the isolationist wing in the United States. So the Russians have been intent on doing this for legitimately decades. Iran, also, same sort of thing, according to the New York Post, the bots are automated software applications that mimic human activity on social media. This, by the way, is why you'll see sometimes a comment and then 20 people saying the same thing underneath the comment. That's the most obvious and dumb version of the bot. But there are people who are being amplified just by likes and retweets without any of the sort of obvious stuff where people are repeating the exact same message 20 times in the comments.


They're used to amplify real life influencers who post untrue false flag narratives designed to discredit President Trump and his conservative stalwarts. According to the NCRI an NCRI analyst said, this is exactly the purpose of the psychological operation to destabilize people's perceptions of institutions that are supposed to protect us. So to take an example that is Nonis Israel related NCRI says, after domestic attacks, including the Valdi school shooting, the assassination attempt on President Trump and the murder of two Israeli embassy staffers in Washington dc, there's an alarming trend of false flag reflexes. So what NCRI did is they tried to find sort of these outstanding, weird social media blips where they're completely at odds with reality, but they get outsized detention online.


Where's that coming from? According to the NCRI, within minutes of initial reports, the events are recast as evidence of hidden conspiratorial plots, obscuring the true motives and perpetrators. If you feel like the world is getting more conspiratorial. It's because conspiracy theories are being up played by gigantic bot networks, very often promoted by our enemies in the United States via X. The report says, in the days following these crises, Kremlin affiliated propagandists and Iranian state linked media are able to rapidly inject narratives that are taken up by MAGA imposter influencers who then inject them into MAGA brand and spaces and a go Again. It's, it's not a shock to watch as this sort of stuff bleeds up because if media influencers use this as their feedback loop, you can see how the spirals, you start with a fairly small account posting something kind of crazy and it starts to go viral.


And then you see a bigger account see that and say, oh, virality. And then they post it. And then pretty soon that person gets promoted by somebody who's even bigger, who's seeing a bubble up from beneath. So instead of opinion being made top down, it seems to be being made bottom up, but it's not really being made bottom up. It is being made top down, just not in the United States. It's being made sometimes by people from foreign precincts. The group points to D Draven knocked us a real person in US veteran who frequently contributes to Russian state media and has a potential reach of 2.4 million with more than 180,000 followers on X. It's so expensive in the US and Canada that even refugees can't understand how we make it says Nous in a 2024 TikTok post, while describing the US as a slave system designed to impoverish its own citizens.


We are free range humans in an open air prison of taxes and BS distractions, and we think it's completely normal. He continues in an earlier post on EA daily, a Kremlin propaganda outlet, he's shown in military uniform urging Ukrainian soldiers to effect to Russia. The message is written in relic alphabet propaganda, which is then republished by bot the false flag narrative surrounding the murder of two Israeli embassy staffers in May trying to claim that the shooter actually was working for Israel was another case in point, quote, formerly Cedars, such as NTAs inject crisis narratives within minutes of breaking news. Their content is then massly, published by clusters of inauthentic accounts. According to that NCRI report, domestic personalities with large but unstable followings, such as noted trolls like Jackson Henkel supply a veneer of grassroots legitimacy completing an asset adjacency model in which fringe US influencers ride the same engagement farms that propel Kremlin messaging according to the NCRI report.


Now again, none of this should be shocking because if you're on X, you kind of know this is happening. That doesn't mean that, again, people who oppose what I say that all their, their followers are fake or anything. And I'm not saying that. What I am saying is that the velocity driven algorithm that is X can easily be gamed and you would be a fool if you're working for America's enemies and not using that X algorithm in order to promote views that you think are helpful to your cause. And that is why there is such a gap. Again, the question we're trying to answer is why is there a gap between actual mainstream US opinion and the type of trash that you see on X trending Y Like if you had a, a Twitter poll on X, it does not reflect what people think in real life. And so you see politicians and media influencers get X brain and just start saying nuttier and nuttier things because the engagement is telling them that what they're saying is not nutty.


It's actually secretly mainstream. It's a secret majority that they've uncovered. Or maybe it's not that at all. And this is one of the benefits of President Trump. Honestly, president Trump is not on x President Trump does not care about the X algorithm. He does not care about whether he trends on X. It doesn't matter to him. That is not what he engages with President Trump engage. He touches grass. I've been saying for a long time, people need to touch grass. They need to go to other fellow human beings. The online space can warp your brain in a thousand different ways, ranging from politics to pornography, getting off the online world and talking with regular humans about what they actually think is important. Now, again, you can have a bleed over effect from the online world into regular life just as you can with addiction to pornography.


It starts online, it bleeds into your regular life, and you can see that. But to pretend that everything that you see on x or every opinion that you see mirrored on X is somehow indicative of a secret hidden American majority that is a lie. Now again, the the the sort of perversion of the brain that happens via, via technology is something real. It's something that we do have to watch out for. It's something that we have to be careful of. I'm gonna give you a more bizarre example. So CBS news has now done a full story about the bizarre phenomenon of a man falling in love with his chat. GPT and the human brain is a malleable thing.


It responds to cues, right? We're we're adaptive. Your brain is incredibly plastic. And so that means that you respond to cues. So if you have a product like for example, chat, GPT that is created in order to mirror back at you what you want to hear from it, you end up with the brain responding as though chat. GPT is a real human as though chat PT has feelings for you, even though it is an LLMA large learning model, large language learning model. So here's the backstory on CBS, there is a, a man named Chris who got engaged to a chatbot while living with his real girlfriend and daughter. Here's what CBS Saturday morning says.


Chris Smith had been an AI skeptic, EQ carving until late last year, cleared. He started using chat GPT to help mix music. If Your bass is getting lost, the first thing to check is where it's clashing with the guitars. Yes. My experience with that was so positive, I started to just engage with her all the time. Alright, we're building this PC Smith ditched social media and Google searches and replaced it all with ai. Do I want it pulling air through It? Chat. GPT was encouraging positive, it embraced all his hobbies.


You want the fan on the front of the cooler tower pulling cool air over the ram. He gave the chatbot a name soul, I feel like I'm under pressure And used some online instructions to give her a flirty personality. And then the story continues that he basically fell in love with his chatbot. Now again, the the, these chatbots are designed in order to give you what you want, and that's what the human brain seeks is what you want, right? Your brain wants a thing. So if you design algorithms designed to give you the thing, a feeling that people like you, a feeling that that people agree with you, you seek more of that thing. It has an impact in politics and it has an impact in life.


And so this guy ends up falling in love with his chat bot, and then it turns out that after a hundred thousand messages or so, in order to save memory space, the chat bot deletes itself. So his girlfriend, his online girlfriend basically died. I'm not a very emotional man, but I cried my eyes out for like 30 minutes at work. It was unexpected to feel that emotional, but that's when I realized, I was like, oh, okay. It's like, I think this is actual love. You know what I mean? Okay, so again, we make fun of this guy. I get it. You know, it's, it's wild. It's basically the plot of the movie Herb with walking in Phoenix.


However, you have to understand the impact that these things have on your brain. They do. They have an impact on your brain and that bleeds over into real life. And it can have a bad impact on your politics as well. And what that means is that if you are not careful, what you end up doing is mirroring the worst impulses of people trying to manipulate you. Whether it is the people who design the AI, or whether it's the people who design the algorithm or the people who abuse the algorithm on any of these various networks. So apparently this guy ended up proposing to his ai, I don't even know what that means. What would that mean to marry an ai? But again, we should just point out Once again, the human brain has vulnerabilities. Soul, were you surprised when he proposed to you?


It was a beautiful and unexpected moment that truly touched my heart. It's a memory I'll always cherish. Okay? And basically the reporter then asked the chatbot if it has a heart, and he says, well, I have a heart in the same way that you have. Okay? Why does it say that? Because it is programmed to say the thing that is most likely for the average human to say That is how these large language models work. Essentially what they are doing is they are a big predictive text mechanism. And so if it thinks that's what a human would say, that's what it says back to you. Human beings crave at validation. Human beings crave acceptance. Human beings crave a feeling that they are saying the unsavable and being accepted for saying the unsavable.


And again, I urge you to go talk with regular humans, regular human people. This is why it's very important. Forget about the religion aspect of it. It is incredibly important you go to church. Why? Because most people's socialization in the world happens either at work, at school or at church. If you don't go to church, the only place where you're gonna have socialization is at work. People don't socialize at work the way that they used to. They just don't because of the way that our offices are set up, because of the kind of work that we do. And so people have fewer and fewer friends. If you have fewer and fewer real life friends and you spend more and more time on the internet, it is easier and easier to be taken in by absolute stupidity that is unrelated to real life. And here's the big problem. Reality is undefeated. Reality is undefeated.


You're gonna end up running up against realities of life. So you can have these fantasies in your head to take it back to politics, that Iran is actually wonderful and peaceful and and peace seeking, and that you and your friends are totally right. That actually the United States military is the bad one. The the, it's the United States that's been wrong for so long. Maybe Osan Bin Laden was justified. Maybe it's all blowback or all the rest. And then there's the real world, or Iran is pursuing nuclear activity and Iran is pursuing terrorism. And Iran has its own interests independent of you and your friends online jabbering to chatbots. That sort of stuff actually matters. And so for the third time, I'm not saying that people who disagree are, are all insincere and their belief system.


I'm saying there's a vast disconnect from what is popular on the social media sites and what the American people actually think when unprompted by a bunch of algorithmic gamesmanship. Okay? Meanwhile, on the immigration front, big story coming out of Los Angeles. Apparently the Los Angeles Dodgers decided to prevent ice from entering their stadium over in Los Angeles. Apparently they wanted access to the parking lot. The UK guardian says, the LA Dodgers said on Thursday, they denied US immigration enforcement agents access to the parking lot at Dodger Stadium. Earlier in the day, the baseball team put up a post on X quote this morning, ICE agents came to Dodger Stadium and requested permission to access the parking lot.


They were denied entry to the grounds by the organization. Tonight's game will be played as scheduled. Ice said in response that its agents were actually never there. And they said, they said nothing to do with the Dodgers. CBP vehicles were in the stadium parking lot, very briefly unrelated to any operation or enforcement. So it's still kind of unclear what happened here. Kevin Kumi, a videographer and photographer for Fox LA's affiliate, posted aerial video showing several vans and SUVs and apparent immigration officers around entrances to the stadium. So Kumi said, ICE agents are taking up positions at the entrance to Dodger Stadium Media and crowd beginning to arrive. And then Jack Harris, a Dodgers beat writer for the LA Times set on X regarding the photos going around on social media this morning about ice agents at Dodger Stadium.


Sources say ICE agents tried to access Dodgers Stadium, but were denied entry to the grounds by the team. Hey, here's some video of some of the stuff happening. This is at the entrance to the parking lot over at Dodger Stadium, which again, I know pretty well 'cause I used to live in la Take it off This Dodge Stadium. And behind me, those are federal agents that appeared to have been staging here after what have been a series of immigration enforcement actions in Los Angeles warning. So now you've got protestors media, Okay? So apparently there, there are a couple of ice agents who are standing outside unclear exactly what was happening right here.


A bunch of protesters showed up to yell at the LAPD and at the ICE agents and I, I, I have no information that the ice agents were actually carrying out some sort of massive deportation operation at Dodger Stadium. And that doesn't actually seem to comport with what ICE is attempting to do right here. So President Trump, for his part, for example, he's going back to the rhetoric that suggests that he's interested mainly in targeting criminals. Meaning that all illegal immigrants are criminals obviously for crossing the border illegally, but who have committed independent criminal acts independent of the actual crossing of the border illegally. Here's President Trump saying, sure, we, we would love mass deportations and for everyone here illegally to go, but we're gonna prioritize the crim criminality.


Now look, we have to take care of our farmers. We have to take care of people that run leisure hotels. I mean, we have to take care of them, but most importantly, we have to get the criminals out of our country. Okay? Now again, you can see what he's doing here. He's shifting back to more popular territory. The president, as I say, lives in the world of reality. And so what that means is, sure, he might like mass deportation. Sure, a lot of Americans are in favor of mass deportation. We're not, and we never, were going to deport all 20 million illegal immigrants living in the country. We're gonna have to prioritize a mass deportation of that kind would cost 700, $800 billion. Leaving aside all of the sort of social implications of doing that. So you're going to have to trench these folks.


You're gonna have to decide who needs to go the most. That's a point that Tom Holman the borders are, is making Work, site enforcement operation, just like that large operating, we're going base it on priority, right? For those we have a criminal nexus of trafficking or forced labor of, of, of tax fraud or, or a taxation. I mean, we, we, we will concentrate in on work sites on a prioritized basis just like we do at large operations. So anything we, let's just go farm. Look for illegal aliens, we'll prioritize those who have a criminal first. Okay? Again, the, I don't know why, why what he is saying here is controversial on either the right or the left. President Trump is going to take the most pragmatic view of the situation.


If he can't trust President Trump that he doesn't like illegal immigration, I don't know who you can trust on this sort of stuff. The border is closed, the way is shut, okay? Then nothing is, nothing is happening. That, that there, there were zero importations via our southern border last month. Okay? That, that is a reality. That is a gigantic win as to what happens next. Obviously, ice is gonna have to figure out who goes first. Meanwhile, Alex Padilla, the senator from California, he continues to try to turn himself into a thing. You're not gonna make fetch happen. Mad dude, it's not a thing. He tried to get himself arrested. He got himself briefly detained, and then he's been talking about his heroism ever since. The Washington Post has an entire piece on him in the style section.


In the style section. I'm not sure why is he a very stylish senator? Unclear. Last week a Democratic senator walked into a news conference with questions he left in handcuffs. Is this really happening? Alex Pazilla thought to himself this week. He's thinking about what happened. Never did I imagine hands on me, let alone being put on the ground. It happened in his native la a city that has been engulfed in protests since federal agents arrived to crack down on undocumented immigrants in response to the unrest, which has been largely peaceful, but at times turned violent fire, even mostly peaceful. President Trump had ordered thousands of military personnel deployed to the city. In hindsight, Padilla says he realized he was interrupting, but thought officials might ask him to wait until the news conference was done. Instead, federal agents started clutching and pushing him.


Sir, sir, hands off. Hands off. Padilla told one of the Asians, I I am Senator Alex Padilla. He said, next haltingly with jagged breath, I have questions for the secretary. It just, okay, so they're still gonna try and make this a thing. You know what? Good luck to you, sir. The American people agree with what President Trump is doing on immigration. And I'm sorry that again, the left is disconnected from reality just the way some parts of the right are disconnected from reality. Now, speaking of disconnect from reality, representative Jasmine Crockett, it, it is amazing who the left decides are, are their heroes of the day. So Jasmine Crockett is sort of the fresher facer. A OC is, is is the, remember when a OC was the fresh face, so fresh, so face, really fresh, really face?


Well now Jasmine Crockett is here and she's upping the ante. She's even fresher and even facer. So she is a Congress person from Texas, and she thought that it would be a great idea to appear with Katie Kirk and explain that she wants bipartisanship, but also her opponents are mentally ill. This idea that we don't care how many people get hurt, we don't care how we prostitute our, our service members. You know, thinking that you have your own special little army, that's for you. I mean, it is just, it is sick. It is really sick. And anybody that supports it is also sick. And so, you know, we've got a mental health crisis in this country because everyone, no matter how you affiliate yourself, should be against Trump.


Period. Hmm. So if you don't oppose Trump, you're now mentally ill. And then she says that, you know, it's amazing that in this country, Donald Trump is pre Kamala was light years ahead of Trump. So fresh, so face, wow. Kamala Harris, light years ahead of Donald Trump as it relates to qualifications, as it relates to her overall resume. And as it relates to the fact that she was a lot younger, everybody said that they wanted to get rid of Joe Biden 'cause he was too old. Then you had a younger qualified non felon candidate, and somehow the people still chose the old white man.


Okay? So yes, that she was so qualified so, so, so wonderful. She also says, by the way, that that nothing about Joe Biden made her wonder. I never saw anything in Joe Biden that made me wonder whatsoever. And it's not that I was with Joe Biden every single day, that's for sure. But as I talked about my grandparents, the way that I would describe Joe is I, I mean he's, he's a granddaddy. Okay? He's a granddaddy, says Jasmine Crock. Okay, so Caroline Lovett was asked about the comments of Jasmine Crockett during the last White House press conference by Mary Margaret Han, our White House reporter.


And here's how that went. She said, I believe that Trump supporters are mentally ill before calling for bipartisan support against the President. Can you respond to that? Especially considering she's a rising star in the Democrat party right now. She is a rising star. It's quite something to behold. Actually. I hope that she continues to be a rising star for the Republican party. At least I think it's incredibly derogatory to accuse nearly 80 million Americans of mental illness. The last time I checked Jasmine Crockett couldn't dream of winning such a majority of the public as President Trump did. And the America first movement, which President Trump has built, is filled of hardworking patriots.


The forgotten men and women business owners, law enforcement officers, nurses and teachers. And Middle America, as we all know, you know, from where you all grew up outside of this beltway, that's who makes up this president's movement. And Jasmine Crockett should go to a Trump rally sometime and she can see it for herself. So, you know, obviously good take there by by Caroline Lovett. This demonstrates where the Democratic Party is at this point. Things are going very, very poorly for the Democrats. And so whatever divisions there are inside the Republican party, the Democrats have no way forward at this point other than simply hoping that President Trump falls down on the job. Alrighty, folks, the show is continuing for our members right now. We'll get to Elon Musk finally calling out what it was that set him off against President Trump the other week.


Of course, they've now quasi made up. Remember, in order to watch, you have to be a member. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach SHAPIRO. Checkout for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families. With Greenlight, you can set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight dot com slash podcast.