
Well folks, we'll get into everything market related. The market remains a chaotic place. The Dow Futures we're up the s and p 500 up this morning, so what the hell is going on? We'll get to that in a


moment. First, you know the legacy media. They think that you're too dumb to see through their manipulations narratives. Headlines, we know better at The Daily Wire. We are going to bring you the facts, no filter, no spin, and then you get in on the conversation. Join the live chat during our daily shows, 100% uncensored ad free, packed with fans who actually think for themselves. My producers are also in the chat daily to add to the conversation, get the news the way it should be. Honest, fearless, without an agenda, your voice matters. Be a part of it. Join now at DailyWire dot com slash subscribe


already. So the markets were in turmoil yesterday. They finally ended down slightly and one of the questions is, what the hell is going on? Have we already hit? Bot is sort of the big question because if we have great, the Dow futures again this morning we're up over a thousand points. The s and p futures were up about two point a half percent and NASDAQ futures were up 2.26%. So is all the panic overrated? Is it all over? Are we basically now on even keel footing? Now, to understand that you sort of have to understand what happened in the market yesterday. So it was a wild session yesterday in the markets up and down and all around there were points in which the market was down over a thousand points. There were points at which the market was up over 500 points and nobody really be seemed to be able to get their hands around what exactly was happening.


According to the Wall Street Journal, stock futures rose in after hours trading Monday, following a day of market whiplash that ultimately left major indices largely unchanged contracts do tied to the Dow industrials, the s and p 500, the tech heavy NASDAQ 100 all ended up gaining more than 1%. A false dawn on the tariff front fuel day brief rally Monday morning with the s and p 500, surging some 7% from its low. On the day before the administration clarified there would be no delay in implementing new levies. And this is the key to understanding what's going on with the markets. So yesterday there was a $2 trillion swing, a $2 trillion swing, and part of that came in the middle of the day when there was a false report that Kevin Hassett, the head of the National Council of Economic Advisors, had said that there would in fact be a 90 day delay put on the tariffs.


And it turned out he didn't say anything like that. It was a false report from a blue check on Twitter. And again, blue checks on Twitter don't mean what they used to mean. And if you were a blue check during the old Twitter days, that meant that you were somebody who is usually at a, a large outlet or somebody who is quite famous. Now you can sort of buy the blue check. And so just having a blue check by your name doesn't mean anything, but it's still taken in the old way. So some bizarre account put out a statement that the United States was going to essentially postpone the implementation of Trump's tariffs for 90 days, and the market spiked immediately, went up hundreds and hundreds of points within minutes. The White House said that's not true, and then the market dropped again. Again, that was bad reporting. CNBC ran with the reporting because they were very excited to be first and then the market's dropped again.


And right now nobody knows what in the hell is going on. And that is the key to understanding what's happening right now because no one knows what's going on. People are afraid that they're going to be selling into an up curve and they're afraid they're gonna be buying into an down curve. And so pretty much the markets are just chaotically roiling at this point, which makes perfect sense and you can see it not just at home, but you can see it abroad. So for example, the Japanese neke it, it dumped tremendously in the early morning yesterday and then in the aftermarket last night, the Nikkei ended up rising 7%. Why What happened between Sunday night and Monday night? And the answer is that treasury secretary Scott Bessant put out a tweet thread in which he said that Japan was in the middle of negotiations with the United States quote, following a very constructive phone discussion with the government of Japan.


The president has tasked me and the US trade representative to open negotiations to implement the president's vision for a new golden age of global trade with Shiro Ishiba, who is the prime minister of Japan and his cabinet, Japan remains among America's closest allies. I look forward to our upcoming productive engagement regarding tariffs, non tariff trade barriers, currency issues, and government subsidies. I appreciate the Japanese government's outreach and measured approach to this process. China has chosen to isolate itself by retaliating and doubling down on previous negative behavior. Over 50 countries have responded both openly and positively to the president's historic action to create a fairer, more prosperous system of global trade. We look forward to meaningful negotiations with them over the coming weeks. So it sounds to Jyp Japan as though the Trump administration is looking for an off ramp like they're looking to get off this train and and indeed the best case scenario for the tariffs, I've said this since literally the first day.


The first day is that what Trump was looking for was a zero tariff regime with various countries around the world that basically he declared war on pretty much everybody in order to get everybody to the table and then he could get them all to lower their tariff barriers and non tariff trade barriers. Victor Davis Hansen, the historian we've had as a guest on the program, tremendous historian. He has a piece of the free press trying to make the strongest possible case for Trump's tariff regime and what he comes up with is reciprocity. Here's what he writes at the free press, the fall of the Soviet Union and the ensuing globalization should have shocked Washington policymakers out of their static half century trade orthodoxy and into readjusting American trade policy to ensure parity and reciprocity, especially as Chinese imports coupled with US outsourcing and offshoring began to result in a rust belt with an array of accompanying social and cultural pathologies.


But the 1990s exuberance of an unrivaled hyper power America now victorious, not just in World War ii, but over the Soviet Union as well, created a sense of unreality in Washington in reductionist terms, those tasked with directing US trade policy rarely cared to calibrate the real social, cultural and moral costs of millions, losing high paying jobs of small communities offshore and outsourced into oblivion of soaring opioid use, suicides, fragmented multi-generational families in a nation increasingly dependent upon strategic materials, pharmaceuticals, and precision machinery imported from abroad and not always from allies or neutral nations. And so he concludes, quote, the ideas of equity and symmetry are critical to Trump not just financially but also psychologically in Trump's world. Those nations that consistently rip off the United States do so because they do not respect or fear the United States.


Without such deference, Trump argues, America insidiously also loses its influence and deterrence abroad in a larger Trumpian sense, a nation that will not secure its border insist on fair trade or address a $1 trillion annual trade deficit will be considered weak abroad and ripe for exploitation In terms of national security. American now relies on other nations for key parts of our munitions for life-saving drugs and medicines for strategic materials and ORs, et cetera, et cetera. The emphasis on reciprocity is the Keats winning support for Trump's tariffs. And then Victor Davis Hansen put out a tweet that essentially said the same thing, please tariff symmetry. He writes, quote, A keets reducing the nearly $1 trillion trade imbalance in encouraging foreign investment is the idea that trade reciprocity and parity roughly zero tariffs or identical reciprocal tariffs between the United States and trading partners are our primary goals.


This is a concept the American people support wholeheartedly and even an extremists will continue to do so. Totally agree with that. That is right. I've been calling from day one for the Trump administration to take the off ramp of zero tariff policy. I've said from the beginning, before the beginning that if what President Trump is attempting to do is get, for example, some sort of win off of Mexico or Canada before even this current tariff regime, if the goal was to get Canada go to zero or Mexico to go to zero or shore up the border or whatever else it was, make that clear and then do it, but a chaotic rollout of global tariffs without any sort of clarity as to what we are attempting to achieve, that is gonna be a different thing. Victor Davis Hansen, who again is an ally of the president and is talking up the tariffs, says this quote, talk of either preparatory tariffs, additional fines on partners for their past asymmetrical tariffs or higher tariffs on countries that either now run deficits with America or have little or no tariffs with the US will lose public support and only energize opposition to what otherwise is rational and sympathetic American position on rectifying a half century of chronic and mounting trade deficits.


True many countries level tariffs under insidiously Machiavellian conditions such as falsely constructed health and safety barriers, excise and VAT taxes and currency manipulation. But those complexities says Victor Davis Hansen should be left for round two of negotiations since. For now, the public is mostly concerned with do unto others as they would do unto you. Reciprocity. Getting to zero or identical tariffs with a host of current mercantile trading nations would be an astounding accomplishment and one that the public needs to digest, appreciate and savor before in one fell swoop jeopardizing such historic corrections by trying to solve the entire half century trade quagmire all at once, a task that will lose public support if the countries are still tariffed after agreeing to zero or reciprocal tariffs with the us. And that is the thing the market is trying to game out right now.


The market is trying to figure out whether Donald Trump actually wants the off ramp or whether he wants a long standing trade barrier regime designed at reducing trade deficits rather than reducing trade barriers. That is the big question in the market. And oddly that chaos in the market, that sort of roiling in the markets as opposed to a total dump might actually give President Trump the room that he needs to do more. With regard to this tariff regime, if the market stays currently where it is, say just around 40,000 or below in end, Dow Jones Industrial average just around 5,000 in the s and p 500, if that's where the markets stay, president Trump is gonna feel like he hasn't actually done anything that the markets don't like too much, and then he's going to continue to roll out stricter and stricter tariffs.


It's a catch 22 for the markets if they jump the wrong way and they sell. If you sell all your stocks and then President Trump says, Hey, all framp, were negotiating bilateral trade deals that lower trade barriers, you look like an idiot if you don't jump and President Trump continues to push away Allied nations who are coming to the table on bended knee offering everything, then you look like an idiot. So it's a catch 22. Everybody is sort of frozen in place and the Trump administration could easily misread the market's being frozen in place as a quasi approval for the thing that he's publicly saying he wants to do. This is why mixed messages are such a problem politically and for markets because what exactly is the market happy about and what exactly are they sad about?


This is why I put heavy focus on the jumps that you saw yesterday in the markets. So you saw that jump when when there was talk that President Trump was gonna postpone the trade barriers, right? That's when you saw a jump. You're seeing a jump In Japan when Besson says there's an off ramp. In other words, people want more free trade, not less free trade. And that is going to be the big burning question here. What does Trump want? What does President Trump want? Does he want more free trade or does he want less free trade?


Well, it's not clear exactly what Trump wants right now, but President Trump did specifically exempt gold and silver bullion from the sweeping new tariffs. While these new policies are triggering significant financial chaos and uncertainty, the administration preserved dur ability to diversify into precious metals. So if you're concerned about your savings, I encourage you to have a free consultation with a Birch Gold precious metal specialist, that first step text Bens in 98. 98 98, receive your free, no obligation info kit on gold. Learn how to hold gold and silver in a tax sheltered account. Birch Gold will help you convert an existing IRA or 401k into a gold IRA for no money out of pocket with an a plus rating. With the Better Business Bureau and thousands of thankful customers, I recommend Birch Gold to help protect your savings through gold investments. Just text my name Ben to the number 98. 98 98. Again, Text BEN to 98. 98 98 to claim your free info kit right now, text Ben, 98. 98, 98, and right now, a lot of uncertainty out there. You don't know which way the markets are going. The best hedge against uncertainty historically speaking is in fact precious metals. I have gold from Birch Gold, it's definitely worth checking out. Go check them out right now by texting my name Ben, the number 98. 98 98. Again, text Ben in 98. 98, 98 to claim your free info kit right now.


Also, there's a lot going on in the world and I need to make sure I'm maintaining my health, hitting the gym, spending time with my family, even with my busy work schedule. When I was younger, I used to think I could just power through on willpower and caffeine. I learned pretty quickly peak performance requires peak nutrition, which means eating enough veggies. That's why I'm so thankful to have Balance of Nature, which fits right into even the busiest of days. Imagine trying to eat 31 different fruits and veggies every single day. That sounds miserable and time consuming with Balance of Nature, fruits and veggies, there's never been a more convenient dietary supplement to ensure you. A wide variety of fruits and veggies. Daily Balance of Nature takes fruits and veggies. They freeze dry them, they turn 'em into a powder, they put 'em into a capsule. You take your fruit and veggie capsules every day, your body knows precisely what to do with them. It's kosher, so I pop it right into that protein smoothie every day. It keeps the gun show show going strong. Head on over to Balance of Nature dot com. Use promo code Shapiro for 35% off your first order as a preferred customer. PLUS, get a free bottle of Fiber and Spice. That's Balance of Nature dot com. Promo code Shapiro, again, Balance of Nature dot com, promo code Shapiro for 35% off your very first order as a preferred customer, and you get that free bottle of fiber and spice Balance of Nature dot com. Promo code Shapiro.


There are three rationales for tariffs, traditionally speaking called the three Rs of tariffs. One is revenue. And we're gonna raise revenue by essentially forcing countries to pay a tax when they bring their products in, which means that it gets passed along to the consumer. And for a long time in the United States, tariffs were a chief way of bringing in revenue. We didn't have an income tax. The reality was that we were a largely agricultural country, and so importing products into the United States create an enormous amount of revenue. Those days are long passed. We're not gonna be bringing in seven, $8 trillion in revenue. The kind of money that it would take to replace, for example, the income tax if we were going to increase the trade barriers. So revenue is one possibility.


You've heard that retail by President Trump, we're gonna increase our revenue. Number two is restriction. Okay, and the real question here is whether pre President Trump is doing tariffs because he likes restriction or the third are reciprocity. This is the biggest question in the markets restriction or reciprocity. Are we restricting trade because we are seeking to protect particular sectors of American industry? Or are we seeking reciprocity so that we have more free trade restriction or reciprocity? The markets are not going to like a restrictionist tariff regime that is designed to quote unquote reshoring manufacturing. If what that means is at the cost of the rest of the American consuming and producing public, okay? The reality is that people have a a wildly mistaken view of just how many jobs are powered by various sectors of American industry.


Here is a chart of jobs sectors in the United States historically, this chart shows you over time how jobs have shifted in the United States. So when you take a look at 150 years of US employment history, this is according to visual capitalist agriculture in 1850 represented a huge percentage of American employment represented something like 70 80% of American employment. By the year 1900, agriculture represented about half of American employment. Meanwhile, manufacturing was quickly rising. Manufacturing hit all time highs in the 1950s and sixties when it represented somewhere in the neighborhood of 26% of all American jobs, agriculture shrunk down today. The reality is that about 10% of jobs in the US private sector are in manufacturing.


10 and 10% are in agriculture, 80% are in services. So if you are doing restriction in order to bulk up American manufacturing, which by the way will be largely done by machines, not by additional humans, if that is your goal, and it's not a national security goal, it's a goal because you think of a, you have a peculiar view that America is going to return to the 1950s where people were sewing, were working on sewing machines in factories or riveting in Ford factories. First of all, it's not the way that it's gonna work because that is not how it works in industrialized countries. You have factories that are like that in China because China has 1.4 billion people and can force people in Penry to work for pennies on the dollar. But here in the United States, we are going to push all of that into machinery, which is precisely why industrial production has continued to rise while employment in America has actually dropped because technology replaced the jobs.


It was mostly not outsourcing, it was actually technology that replaced those jobs. Bottom line is this, if the goal of President Trump is restriction in order to bulk up the number of people employed in the manufacturing sector, for example, which sometimes President Trump retails, the markets are not going to like that. If the goal is reciprocity and we start seeing in the next few days, president Trump cut good deals, which is the thing everyone is urging him to do. I'm urging it. Elon is urging it. Bill Ackman is urging it. Everyone beston is urging it. As it turns out. If that is the plan, then the markets are right not to panic. If that's not the plan, then it's a bit of a different thing. And President Trump is sending totally mixed signals right now. So we don't actually know what the story. Again, none of this, by the way, is a rip on President Trump's China policy, which I think is right.


I think we should be taring the living hell out of China. China is a bad actor on the world stage. In fact, one of the reasons not to tar our allies and look for zero tariff regimes with say, Vietnam, Japan, South Korea, is because you want to build a ring of fire around China. You wanna build a trading ring around China that throttles China. You want all of those countries to be our allies. You want all of those countries to trade more with us than they trade with China. That would be the goal. When you force everybody out into the cold, they're gonna start making common calls with each other. That is the, that is the reality. You're seeing it from Canada of all places. Mark Carney up in Canada is basically saying he wants to do a trade deal with China. And China is coming and offering all these places zero tariff regimes while President Trump is pushing out 10% tariff at a minimum.


So going after China, which is what he's doing. That's great. It needs to be paired with being friendly with our allies. Good foreign policy and good economics is your friends are your friends and your enemies are your enemies, not your friends are your enemies and your enemies are your enemies. That is a bad policy. President Trump hit back hard against China according to the Wall Street Journal yesterday, but left the door open to talks to lower tariffs for other countries. Again, this is why I think the markets are, are kind of sanguine. President Trump's comments, lead countries and industries defend for themselves ahead of his self-imposed deadline Wednesday for imposing steep duties on nations like China, Japan, and Vietnam. So today's gonna be a big day depending on whether he cuts any deals or gives indicators that the deals are gonna be cut this week.


Here's President Trump yesterday asked on whether the tariffs are permanent or whether they're temporary. And his answer was some of one, some of the other who knows about, Well, it could be, it can both be true. There can be permanent tariffs and there can also be negotiations because there are things that we need beyond tariffs. And there are a lot of things like opening up countries that were totally closed. China's essentially a closed country. In fact, it is a closed country. And what they do is they charge tariffs so that if you, if you sell cars or if you sell anything, nobody's gonna buy it because the price is outta control. But that's true with a lot of other countries also. So we are gonna get fair deals and good deals with every country.


And if we don't, we're gonna have nothing to do with them. They're not gonna be allowed to participate in the United States. Okay, so what does that mean? And the answer is nobody knows what that means. President Trump, for his part, he's telling people not to be panic Againsts, this is his new term that he coins. Whatever you think of President Trump's policies, the man is deeply amusing. So President Trump put out a tweet yesterday urging people not to be panics. Quote, the United States has a chance to do something that should have been done decades ago. Don't be weak, don't be stupid. Don't be a panic in a new party based on weakened stupid people because you're panicking. Be strong, courageous, IM patient. Greatness will be the result.


It's like if Marcus Aurelius had a had a bit of a drinking bout right there, strong, courageous, impatient greatness will be the result. Don't be a panicking. Okay, well listen, everybody is happy not to panic. If President Trump takes the off ramp and we get to better trade deals, in fact that'll be a win for President Trump. He should take the win. That's a thing that he should do because if not, then bad things could easily happen. Now again, this is what his team is telling him. His team is, is openly telling him at this point that he needs to be taking the off ramp. So Politico says that Scott Besson actually went down to Florida to lobby President Trump on Sunday to talk about his end game. Quote, treasury secretary Scott Besson flew to Florida Sunday to encourage President Trump to focus his message on negotiating favorable trade deals or risk the stock market cratering further, according to two people familiar with the conversations granted anonymity, shared details of them, Bessant landed with the president at the White House and Marine, one Sunday night told Trump markets would remain in peril unless he started putting more emphasis on talking about his end game with tariffs, winning deals with other countries.


Besson's view was the markets will keep melting unless you shift. One of the people said, you're not gonna abandon the policy, but you have to talk about negotiating and what the end game is. A second person described the meeting as an opportunity to figure out next steps. After 50 countries reached out to open discussions on the US' new tariff regime after the shock and awe of last week's Liberation Day announcement, the purpose of Trump's April two tariff rollout was to create maximum leverage over foreign governments. The person added describing Besson's view, Trump and top administration officials have spent the last several days urging Americans to brace for a long, painful, potentially permanent trade war. Bessant is perhaps the most powerful voice urging Trump to telegraph to anxious Americans at there is an end in sight. Bess Essence is the first known advisor to try to urge the president to alter his rhetoric on trade, albeit privately and gently.


So he's pushing open, open, talk about negotiations, talk about negotiations, and then Besson himself is doing that. As we mentioned with regard to Japan. Here is Bessant making the case publicly that President Trump is giving himself leverage for negotiations. That's what this is all about. President Trump, as you know, is better than anyone and giving himself maximum leverage. So what he's done is we outlined the tariffs on April 2nd and then gave the countries several days to think about it. As I advised on many shows in April 2nd, I suggested that the foreign officials keep your cool, the do not escalate and come to us with, with your offers and how you're gonna drop tariffs, how you're gonna drop non tariff barriers, how are you gonna stop your currency manipulation, how you're going to stop the subsidized financing.


And at a point, president Trump will be ready to negotiate. Okay, sounds great. And that was reiterated by Kevin Hassett, the director of the National Economic Council. He says, there are gonna be great deals on the table. We're gonna be looking for great deals. And so he is doubling down on something that he knows works and he's gonna continue to do that. But he is also going to listen to our trading partners. And if they come to us with really great deals that advantage American manufacturing and American farmers, I'm sure he'll listen. I've seen some deals that are great and the President Trump is if President Trump is gonna decide if they're great enough. But again, after, after decades and decades of mistreating American workers, it's gonna be tough to get 'em to decide to really come to the table and sign on the dotted line.


But what he does, he's gonna sign with that big, long, beautiful signature and he'll have made a great deal for America. Kevin Hassett is saying deals are coming to the table. Well, we certainly hope that that is the case, but you know what? You constantly need to maintain not only your own financial security, but like your security, security.


Have you checked your home title lately? Most homeowners never do. But with the growing amount of digital scams targeting property owners, it's more important now than ever with modern technology. Criminals have found an alarming way to steal your home equity. They simply forge your signature on a document at a fake notary stamp, pay a small account fee, and just like that, your home title gets transferred without your knowledge. Once they control your title, they can take out loans against your equity or even sell your property entirely. The worst part, you might not discover anything's wrong until you receive an unexpected collection notice or foreclosure letter. That's why so many people, including our senior video editor, Adam Trust Home Title Lock. Do not wait until it's too late. Take a moment right now to verify your home title status and protect what is likely your biggest investment. Use promo code Shapiro at Home Title Lock dot com to make sure your title is still in your name. You'll also get a free title history report plus a free 14 day trial of their million dollar triple lock protection. That's 24 7 monitoring of your title urgent alerts to any changes. If fraud should happen, they'll spend up to $1 million to fix it. Go to Home Title Lock dot com right now use promo code Shapiro. That's Home Title Lock dot com promo code Shapiro wants more Home Title Lock dot com promo code Shapiro.


Also, you know when you are starting off in life, you really need to make sure that you are taking care of the things you need to take care of financially. And that means being smart. It means investing in a smart way, and it also means making sure that your family's protected on the downside, which is why you need life insurance. Secure your family's future with PolicyGenius life insurance. They make finding coverage simple, giving your loved ones a financial safety net to handle debt's, expenses, or even build wealth over time. With PolicyGenius, you can find life insurance policy starting at just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars in coverage. Some options are a hundred percent online and let you avoid those unnecessary medical exams. Their side-by-side comparisons tool shows you quotes from top insurers across America, completely free, no hidden fees. Our licensed experts are with you every step of the way, answering questions, handling paperwork, advocating for you so you can get the coverage you need and get back to living your life. 40% of people wish they'd gotten life insurance earlier. Get ahead today, give you and your loved ones peace of mind, knowing they'll be financially protected if something happens to you covering their everyday expenses, mortgage payments, even college tuition if you're no longer there to provide, don't just take my word for it. Thousands of satisfied customers who have five star reviews on Google and Trustpilot, no matter what stage of life you're in, PolicyGenius helps you find the perfect coverage for your specific situation. Secure your families tomorrow so you have peace of mind today. Head over to policygenius.com/shapiro or click that link in the description. Get your free life insurance quotes, see how much you could save this. policygenius.com/shapiro.


Okay, and this is the thing I think that most Republican senators are looking for as well, including longtime allies of the president, like for example, Senator Mike Lee of Utah, who is more on the libertarian end of the spectrum. He said Trump could go down as the most pro-trade pro-growth president in modern US history if he uses this moment as an opportunity to reduce trade barriers. Senator Ron Johnson, another MAGA ally, he said at some point you have to take yes for an answer. And this comes after Vietnam, Taiwan, the eu. People are coming to the table and they're saying, let's go zero for zero. Let's do this thing. In fact, global leaders are rushing in trying to get President Trump to actually agree to these things. According to the New York Times, on Monday, European officials offered to drop tariffs to zero on cars and industrial goods imported from the United States.


In return for the same treatment, Israel's prime minister stopped by to personally petition Trump on Monday in meetings at the White House. Vietnam's top leader in a phone call last week offered to get rid of tariffs on American goods entirely. Indonesia prepared to send a high level delegation to Washington DC to directly negotiate with US government. Even Otho, a tiny landlock country in southern Africa was assembling a delegation to send to Washington to protest the tar on its exports to the United States, which includes denim for Calvin Klein and Levi's. So is Trump willing to negotiate? This is the big question. This is the big question. Is he willing to negotiate? If the answer, of course is yes, if the answer is we get to off-ramps, everything goes back to status quo and even better because it's basically the same thing that he did with regard to NAFTA and the U-S-M-C-A.


He negotiated a slightly better version of NAFTA that turned out to be the U-S-M-C-A and it was good for the American economy. He could certainly do the same thing and get bigger wins from other countries, not as big as the wins that I think that would be touted, given the fact that we don't actually have a 90% tariff regime from the Vietnamese toward America. Those statistics on that chart were not true. Those were terror. Those were trade deficits. But he could get wins, he could chalk up those wins, he could claim those wins and the economy would start to go up again. And the good news is that because of all of this, he now owns the economy. So if the economy goes up, then he gets all the credit. The converse, of course, is if the economy goes down, he is going to get all the blame, which of course is a point that is being made by people both left and right. Here is Senator John Kennedy from Louisiana making that point.


Is President Trump's economy, for better or worse now, Do you think it's Donald Trump's economy now? Oh, I think it is. There's no question. I think once he decided to, to, to, to add the tariffs, clearly, I mean, he will be held responsible as he should, whether it turns out good or it turns out badly. Okay. So he is right about that. Meanwhile, Democrats of course are hoping for recession. They want President Trump to steer the economy into recession. Here is Senator Chuck Schumer, the Senate minority leader, saying that Trump is teeing up a new recession. He's obviously rooting for it. Make no mistake about it.


Donald Trump is teeing up a nationwide recession less than a week after Donald Trump started the largest dumbest trade war in American history. All the signs say America is heading towards calamity. Okay, so again, they're rooting for all this. So the question is, does he take the off ramp? So we've seen some indicators, yes. 'cause bein is pushing for it and he's saying he's negotiating with Japan again, the EK jumped this morning based on all of that, the EK went up significantly, 6%, 7% based on the fact that people think there's gonna be an off ramp. And then there are some counter indicators, which is that President Trump is fine with this thing lasting for a while.


So yesterday the prime Minister of Israel, Benjamin Netanyahu visited the White House. Israel had offered before the tariff regime even went into place to go to zero. Now the truth is 98% of American goods going into Israel had no tariffs on them. The United States and Israel have had a free trade agreement for some decades. And again, Israel's just example of one nation that's doing this. Taiwan is doing this, Vietnam is doing this. Even the EU is making these overtures. So here is Netanyahu going even further. Yesterday he was talking with Trump in the oval and Netanyahu said, we're not just gonna work on eliminating the trade barriers that exist. Those are, those are gone. We are going to work on eliminating the trade deficit. And now again, these are two different things. Trade barriers are the tariff rate, the tax rate essentially charged on the import of American goods by foreign countries.


Then there are trade deficits. Trade deficit is where essentially Israelis buy less of American product than Americans buy of Israeli product. That'd be the trade deficit. I don't know how exactly you're supposed to accomplish that. You can tell Americans that they can't buy Bomba and diamonds and and tech. Like what? What exactly does that look like? But Netanyahu is basically saying to Trump, I'm gonna give you every single thing you want. Just take away the tariffs, anything you want, we'll get rid of the trade deficit, even the thing you care about. So here's Netanyahu saying that. I can tell you that I said to the president a very simple thing. We will eliminate the trade deficit with the United States. We intend to do it very quickly.


We think it's the right thing to do, and we're going to also eliminate trade barriers, a variety of trade barriers that have been put up unnecessarily. And I think Israel can serve as a model for many countries who ought to do the same. And so that is Nhu giving Trump all the things that he wants. And then Trump was asked, are you gonna reduce the tariffs on Israel? He's like, I don't know. Maybe not. Maybe not. Don't forget, we help Israel a lot. You know, we give Israel $4 billion a year. That's a lot. I Congratulations, by the way. That's pretty good. Okay, so we might not, okay?


Again, you can make an argument about whether the United States should be providing as much military aid to Israel as is as they're currently providing. I made the argument that Israel should do its best to get the hell off of American aid as soon as humanly possibly good for America and good for Israel. That has literally nothing to do with the trade barrier discussion that is underway. I mean that, that, that is it. That is a counter indicator. Okay? Then Trump was asked, will there be any pause in the tariffs? There's no pause. We're going forward full steam. Would you be open to a pause in tariffs to allow for negotiations? Well, we're not looking at that. We have many, many countries that are coming to negotiate deals with us, and they're gonna be fair deals and, and certain cases they're gonna be be paying substantial tariffs.


Okay? And then President Trump says, it might take some time, right? We might be doing this for quite a while. Here's the thing, right now, this is all theory. Everything that's happening with this tariff plan is all theory. It hasn't gone into place. Once it goes into place, supply lines start changing. Small business owners across the country are gonna get smacked with import taxes and it's going to affect their bottom line in a serious way. Prices are going to go up, but right now it's all theoretical. It's all fun and games. The minute this becomes practical, the minute Vietnamese goods really do get hit with a 46% tariff coming into the United States. I mean, forget about the Chinese goods, which are now gonna be hit with something like 104% tariff, but at least you can justify that based on security necessity. But EU goods are gonna get smacked, you know, various, various goods from around the world.


Malaysia, Indonesian goods gonna get smacked. Japanese goods are gonna get smacked. If, if that happens, if the rubber actually hits the road, then everything that is currently theoretical discussion becomes reified. And once it's reified, then the markets can make a decision based on new data, actual data, not speculation. Right Now the markets are speculating. Will Trump say yes or will Trump say no? Will he stay or will he go, will he find an off ramp or will he stay on this, this tariff regime? And Trump is giving tremendously mixed signals. So again, here he was saying yesterday, it's gonna take time, but remember, time is actually not a friend here because the longer the tariff regime is in place, the more the reality of higher prices and restricted supply lines is going to be become a reality in the real world.


You, you've said it could take two years to get American manufacturing fully up to speed in response to these tariffs. What happens in the meantime? Should Americans be prepared potentially for years? I'll tell you what happens. We have now $7 trillion. Think of this, 7 trillion of commitments from companies wanting to go in from Apple to many, many companies. But that takes time many from Taiwan. What It takes time to, To, of course it takes, well are you asking me a question or are you telling me, yeah, it takes time. Okay, so let's be clear about this. In order to even build the new factories that he wants to build in the United States requires foreign product in order to build that new machinery, it requires machinery that comes from overseas.


We don't have all this stuff made in the United States. And here's the real, here's the real counter indicator that Trump is looking for deals. Yesterday he was asked explicitly, what if the EU just goes to zero? What if the EU just says, we're getting rid of all the trade barriers? And he says, not enough because the EU owes us. Okay, if that's the case, then this could be happening for a while. And this is why, again, if everybody was very sanguine about the markets, the markets would be spiking and just continue to spike, right? Because it, okay, a temporary bump. He's now making great deals. The reason people are are, you know, kind of wavering is because who the hell knows what's happening. But maintain has, has said that they have offered zero for zero tariffs on cars and industrial goods.


Is that not enough? Well, the eu, no it's not. The EU has been very tough over the years. It was, I always say it was formed to really do damage to the United States and trade. Okay, so again, he's saying not enough. So what's he going for? This is the thing the trying to figure out the EU iss trying to figure out Ursula Vle and the head of the eu. She says, listen, we're ready to negotiate, but it turns out that we do 83% of our trade outside the United States. So if it turns out that we can't trade with the United States, well we'll just reorient toward China, maybe toward Russia, maybe toward places that are not friendly to the United States. We stand ready to negotiate with the United States. Indeed, we have offered zero for zero tariffs for industrial goods as we have successfully done with many other trading partners because Europe is always ready for good deal.


So we keep it on the table further. Diversifying our trade relations is very critical for us because this broadens the market opportunities and is crucial for our companies. So we will focus like a laser beam on the 83% of global trade that is beyond the United States vast opportunities. Okay? So again, that is v lain saying, listen, we'd love to make a deal with the United States if Trump will take the deal. If he won't take the deal, we're gonna reorient elsewhere. And this is the question for President Trump is the only question that matters. Is he doing these tariffs because he wants reciprocity, he wants a fair deal, it's a fair shake, free trade.


Or is he doing this because he wants restriction? Because he believes, as he has said many times, that tariffs make us richer. By the way, this is one of the big differences between the hi his heroes, William McKinley, the former two term presidents of the United States who shot an office during his second term. Early on, Teddy Roosevelt took over. William McKinley very early on in his career. He was a congressperson, was extremely pro tariff, very, very pro tariff. He wanted more tariffs because he believed actually that we were taking in too much in terms of revenue to the government. He wanted to lower the amount of revenue to the government. So he actually decided he was gonna increase the tariffs to lower the revenue to the government. He increased tariffs, actually caused him to lose his seat in Ohio. He then became governor of Ohio and then he became president.


But when he ran for his second term, he explicitly said he wanted to lower tariffs, William McKinley, because what he wanted was wait for it reciprocity. He wanted reciprocity. That's the, that's the William McKinley that President Trump needs to be following here. Okay, speaking of which, there will be effect if it goes the other way. If President Trump decides that tariffs make us rich and make us strong, then things go the other way. As the Wall Street Journal points out today, the Anderson Economic Group estimated last week, auto tariffs alone could increase the cost for smaller cars like the Honda Civic and VW Jetta by 2,500 to $4,500 cost for larger vehicles that are more heavily affected by the tariffs like the Chevy Suburban GMCU Con Cadillac escalator. Remember this, for all American companies could rise by 10 to $12,000.


Used car prices will also climb according to a EG as demand increases among consumers who don't want to pay higher prices for new cars. If tariffs cause car makers to reduce US inventory, car prices rise even more. Volkswagen said last week, it would stop rail shipments to the United States from Mexico. The auto tariffs will cause Americans to pay $30 billion more for cars in the first year. While investors and employees, manufacturer suppliers and dealers in the automotive industry will absorb at least another $30 billion in tariff costs according to a EG. By the way, something similar happened with regard to President Trump's first term steel and aluminum tariffs. Steel prices in the United States rose 20% in 2018 as domestic manufacturers took advantage of tariffs to raise prices.


According to former Ford CEO James Hackett, the tariffs reduced Ford's profit by a billion dollars. Consumers and auto dealers ended up eating the costs. Okay, so the idea that this isn't gonna apply at home, that somehow everybody is exempt. That is obviously not true. Maria Bar Roma over on Fox News makes the same point. They have an effect on Main Street. Some things will become higher priced. We will see some products actually ra, you know, be raised in price because companies will pass on the cost of tariffs to consumers. I I, I would, I would expect that, that's why you have some people saying that we could see a recession. We'll see a growth slow down. Okay? So bar Romo's not wrong. If Trump goes the wrong way, Mr.


President, go the right way here. You have the leverage. Use the leverage to make great trade deals. You're the deal maker. Do it. Make the awesome deals, take the off ramp because if you don't, then what comes next? There's no way except for your administration to own whatever comes next and there will be pain. I mean, you yourself have said so. According to the Wall Street Journal, workers at Michigan's biggest auto factories are tightening their belts in case tariffs spark layoffs by causing a spike in vehicle prices in a drop in demand. One auto executive early last week, darkly predicted Chernobyl if tariffs broadly hit imported pars, which they're scheduled to do next month. There are some of course like the United Auto Workers Union who are happy about all of this because they believe that they're going to somehow increase their share of car employment in the United States.


But of course they believe that when the auto industry in the United States was bloated during the fifties and sixties, the UAW is what caused the bloat. Meanwhile, president Trump is threatening to veto a bill that would curve his power over tariffs. So again, if the idea is that Trump isn't gonna Trump will own everything that comes next, good or bad, hopefully it's all good. Hopefully it's wonderful. Hopefully President Trump succeeds. As I've said before, the rest of his agenda is too important to get caught up in the middle of a gigantic global trade war leading to a possible recession, the Trump administration is threatening to veto a bipartisan Senate bill to give Congress the ability to review new tariffs protecting President Trump's claim of unfettered power in the early stages of a trade war that is sinking financial markets. According to Politico, Trump's veto threat came as a handful of Senate Republicans signed onto a bill from Senators Maria Cantwell of Washington and Chuck Grassley of Iowa.


That required the president to notify Congress within 48 hours of issuing any new tariffs and that Congress explicitly approves any tariffs within 60 days. By the way, this is just as a baseline policy. It would be better for this not to be in the hands of a singular executive authority. Tariffs should not be set by the President of the United States unilaterally. You wouldn't like it if it were Joe Biden doing it and you wouldn't like it if it were Barack Obama doing it. Obviously this is a legislative power that is allocated to the national legislature under the Constitution of the United States. The one thing that the founders never predicted is that the legislative branch of the United States would basically just give up all of its power to the executive. And meanwhile, all of this assumes that Republicans actually get done what they need to get done with the one big beautiful tax bill.


And that is now in some risk. According to the Wall Street Journal, house Republicans moves to advance, president Trump's one big beautiful bill this week have been cast into doubt by defections from GOP lawmakers, worried that spending cuts are being pushed aside in a rush to enact tax reductions. Republican leaders wanna vote on a fiscal framework that would unlock a fast track to kit to legislation carrying Trump's priorities. Both Trump and House Speaker Mike Johnson are hoping to show progress on extending those expiring tax cuts to counteract the market has sparked in recent sessions by Trump's tariff rollout. Now let's be clear about this. The market has already priced in the big beautiful bill. They believe that the big beautiful bill is going to get done. The market is not gonna spike on the big beautiful bill getting done. The market is going to dump on news that it doesn't get done. This is all downside risk for the Republicans if they do not pass something here.


Speaker Johnson says, the American people are counting on us. Failure is not an option in a post unru social president. Trump directed the house to pass the Senate measure quickly saying it will make even the subject of world trade far easier and better for the United States. But the House GOP is fracturing Republican opponents already have more than enough declared no votes to block house from passing a version that came outta the Senate on Saturday. They say the Senate version doesn't lock in enough spending cuts alongside tax cuts and pushing it forward. Now risks unacceptably large budget deficits. So Johnson presumably is gonna push on Trump to lean on. The Republicans is not just members of the House Freedom Caucus like Chip Roy or Andy Harris. It's also Lloyd Mucker of Pennsylvania, David Schweikert of Arizona, who's concerned about budget deficits.


Now again, one of the things that I find bizarre about the the sort of Republican take on budget deficits. The reason for the budget deficits is systemic in nature. You ain't gonna be able to bend that cost curve just by doing some minor cuts around the edges of various programs. The rule of politics is really on some of these things go big or go home incrementalism in these bills. Sure, it'd be better than than nothing, but I'll tell you what, I'm not sure that it'd be better than nothing in this case seriously given, given the fact that the downside risk here is you don't pass anything. I think the bill passes and it has to pass. 'cause if it doesn't, the economy really does bottom out because it means an automatic tax increase in the very near future.


And meanwhile, while all this is happening again, president Trump is chalking up wins on a number of other fronts. So yesterday, president Trump chalked up a win at the Supreme Court of the United States over the Alien Enemies Act according to NBC News. The Supreme Court on Monday throughout a judge's decision to block the removal of men alleged to be members of the Venezuelan gang UA to El Salvador without any legal process under the Alien Enemies Act. That ruling, which was a five four ruling means the Trump administration can try to resume deportations under the Alien Enemies Act. So longest detainees are given due process. Detainees must be given time to challenge their detentions via habeas corpus claim and be able to challenge whether the act is being lawfully applied. So the Supreme Court is saying the Alien Enemies Act still applies.


They can invoke it against gang members according to the unsigned majority opinion. A EA detainees must receive notice after the date of this order. They're subject to removal under the act. The notice must be afforded within a reasonable time and in such a manner as will allow them to seek habeas relief in the proper venue before such removal occurs. But it lifts the order from Judge James Boberg, who had blocked the Trump administration from deporting people under the Alien Enemies Act. Five conservative justices in the majority, Amy Coney Barrett joined the Libs. Meanwhile, justice Soya Sotomayor, who is the worst justice on the court, she said the government's conduct in this litigation poses an extraordinary threat to the rule of law. We as a nation and a court of law should be better than this. Ah, better than this, better than this.


All, all, all these same people on the left perfectly fine with Joe Biden completely ignoring the law in a wide variety of cases, including, for example, using the OSHA regime in order to cram down vaccines on 80 million Americans. But they're deeply worried if the Trump administration cites the Alien Enemies Act to give people due process and then port them off to El Salvador. This is a win for President Trump. He's gonna get to continue the deportations. Meanwhile, according to the New York Times, at least 147 international students who are abruptly stripped of their ability to stay in the United States in recent days, according to universities and media reports, the moves targeted students at a wide range of universities from Harvard and Stanford to University of Texas at Austin and Minnesota State University of Mancado, the University of California had dozens of cases reported across its campuses.


Why? Well, it turns out that immigration officers have arrested international students related to their involvement in pros. So the administration continues to move fast and and break things with regard to deporting students who shouldn't be here in the first place. People who are basically activists in the guise of students and who are brought here for no apparent reason other than to enrich the coffers of these universities and import anti-Americanism and anti westernism. So the Trump administration continues to win on that front. Meanwhile, there's a shocking report out of Doge showing the impact of Joe Biden's open border regime according to Breitbart, doge official Antonio Gracias says, millions of migrants who are welcome to the United States under former President Biden are now on the nation's Medicaid roles and voter roles with some having voted in last year's elections.


This is a, an episode of the All In Podcast in which I recently appeared. Antonio Gracias was there as well, and he laid it all out. It's pretty amazing. He said that thousands of illegal immigrants were registered to vote in friendly states and we looked even further in those friendly states and found that many of those people actually had voted. That doesn't include that 7.8 million people ICE has that have come in illegally and we know are here and all the people who are here illegally that we don't know are here. Right? This is what Doge exists to do, is to ferret out all of this. And that's why it's very important that Doge continue. Its hard work. Meanwhile, president Trump announced yesterday that the United States is in direct talks with Iran, that there are direct negotiations happening between the Iranian government and the United States government.


The United States, of course, trying to get Iran to give up its nuclear regime. Iran admitted by the way this week, shock of shocks that its nuclear regime is meant for military purposes. No, you shock me. I thought they were just building nuclear facilities in order to generate more power for the oil rich nation of Iran. Here is President Trump yesterday with Prime Minister Netanyahu in the Oval Office saying the top level talks are happening directly with Iran. Yeah, I, I can just tell you, there's a major meeting going on between US and Iran, and that'll take place on Saturday and it's at top level. Okay? And then he continued by saying, listen, if those talks are unsuccessful, then other options are on the table, which is what he has always said.


I think if the talks aren't successful with Iran, I think Iran is gonna be in great danger, and I hate to say it, great danger because they can't have a nuclear weapon, Okay? Which of course is true in a nuclear Iran. Not, not only threatens Israel, it also threatens the Saudis. It threatens global oil supply. It threatens the spread of terrorism around not just the region, but around the globe. Tucker Carlson found this in appropriate time to tweet yesterday, quote, whatever you think of tariffs, it's clear that now is the worst possible time for the United States to participate in a military strike on Iran. We can't afford it. Thousands of Americans would die. We would lose the war that follows. Nothing would be more destructive to our country. Okay? So the false binary that has always been created around the Middle East is that if you hit a target in the Middle East, full scale war erupt and thousands and millions die full scale invasion of Barack Obama used to say the same crap and it didn't.


True. How do I know it's not true? Because literally Donald Trump did it in his first term. He took out Ksem Soleimani, who's the head of the IRG C'S terror mechanism, and nothing happened. That is what happened. Nothing. And this idea that a strike on the Iranian nuclear facilities would result in what? Iran attacking Hawaii widespread war. Nope. But again, these false binaries that, that Tucker likes to po effectively act as cover for the Iranian regime. Because again, if the idea is that you have to let Iran go nuclear, rather than striking their nuclear facilities, thus endangering extraordinary elements of importance to the American national security apparatus, ranging again from Saudi and UAE to Israel, the Suez Canal, the Red Sea, and all the rest, the Straits of Horus.


If that's the idea, he may as well just surrender the Middle East to the Iranians Now, which of course, you know, I dunno what Tucker's feelings are on that. He was interviewing the Emir of Qatar Qatar's essentially a, a cutout front for the Iranian regime, and he was treating them with a great care, shall we say. President Trump obviously does not follow that same belief system. Neither is the rest of the administration. Thank goodness, alrightyy coming up, we're gonna jump into the mailbag. Remember, you have to be a member over at Daily Wire Plus to join. And if you do, then you can ask me questions. I'll answer those questions and all the rest become a member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.