
Already folks, a lot to get to on today's show. But if you want even more from The Ben Shapiro Show on The Daily Wire, it's time to become a Daily Wire Plus member. Get member exclusive shows ad free streaming and early access to our new releases. Watch premium films and documentaries. You're not gonna find it anywhere else. Connect with the community that shares your values, not one that cancels you for those values. Watch anywhere, anytime on desktop, mobile and TV apps. Join the fight right now at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe.


Also, do you hear drums in the distance? You can own a piece of Daily Wire history, a beautiful mini Pocahontas statue at Daily Wire dot com slash shop. Yes, it's been years in the making. I'm surprised it took us this long, this six and a half inch finally crafted resin statue at is a scale replica of Legendary Monument that towers over The Daily Wire set where it has it. She has one 1020 fourth authentic, but 100% hilarious. Perfect for your desk, bookshelf or mantle of your teepee, longhouse, or other traditional dwelling limited quantities available at Daily Wire dot com slash shop. And you are making fun of Elizabeth Moore in there, not Native Americans all.


So let's talk about what just happened in Washington DC yesterday. So President Trump in a shock move, decided to fire Mike Waltz, is what it looked like originally, and a bunch of people were celebrating this. Mike Waltz is the National Security Advisor, or was the National security advisor. Obviously, Mike Waltz had been under severe fire since this Signal Chat screwup, in which he accidentally included the Atlantic journalist Jeffrey Goldberg, who President Trump then gave an interview to, again, not sure why that happened. In any case, it was a screwup. There's no question it was a screwup. The question was how long Waltz would last over at NSA. Well, yesterday it was announced that waltz would no longer be at NSA and Cheers went up from the anti waltz, kind of anti traditional Republican isolationist wing of the Republican party.


And then it was announced that Marco Rubio would become the temporary NSA and Waltz himself would be moved over to the role of UN ambassador, a role that originally Elise Stefan, the congresswoman from New York had been nominated for. But when it became clear that the Republican majority in Congress was under threat, she was sort of removed from that nomination. So Walt is moving from NSA over to the UN Ambassador role. Rubio is now serving in four positions simultaneously. He's The Secretary of State, the National Security Advisor, temporarily the acting head of U-S-A-I-D, which of course is basically getting zeroed out and the official archivist of the United States government. So he's like that kid in your third grade class who is simultaneously the, the secretary of the student government as well as the vice president and the treasurer, that that basically appears to be what's happening with Rubio.


Now, there's still a lot of questions about what happened here because people are interpreting this as a proxy fight inside the Trump administration over the direction of foreign policy more generally. And that's absolutely credible. It's certainly plausible that there is in fact an ongoing conversation slash fight inside the administration over the direction of foreign policy. We know that because we know those conversations are happening largely from that signal chat that was originally leaked accidentally to the Atlantic in which you had basically on one side in favor of bombing the Houthis, the Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth, Mike Waltz, the National Security Advisor appeared. Rubio was on that side. And then on the other side you had Vice President, JD Vance. Now obviously the vice president and many people associated with his team, including presumably special envoy, Steve Woff we'll get to in a moment.


They have a very different view on American foreign policy. They're very much in favor of a, a sort of isolationist laden foreign policy, not a, a reaganesque peace through strength. And this is an ongoing conversation inside the administration. This is no great secret by any stretch of the imagination. This move inside could betray more of that fight. But again, unclear which side of that fight Marco Rubio is on. Traditionally, a lot of people in the administration had perceived Rubio to be on the more traditional Republican peace through strength side of that fight. And now presumably because JD Vance is supporting Marco Rubio for taking over NSA, maybe that means that that Rubio has sort of moved over to the van side of the argument.


Again, a lot of this is sort of trying to read tea leaves as to the direction of the administration. And in the end, the only policymaker who really matters is of course the president of the United States. President Trump wrote on truth social from his time in uniform on the battlefield in Congress. And as my national security advisor, Mike Waltz has worked hard to put our nation's interests first. I know he will do the same in his new role. Now, there are a lot of reports out of places like Axios that essentially the White House was already turning on waltz from very early on in the administration, that he didn't get along, supposedly with the chief of staff, Susie Wiles, that his foreign policy priors the things that he actually believed were at odds with people like Vance or like Steve Witkoff. That is what Axios is reporting.


Apparently on a trip to Greenland in March, vice President Vance counseled Waltz about quote, working more collaboratively and people inside the White House said that he didn't work well with Susie Wiles. And then apparently Laura Loomer came in and of course started urging President Trump to fire some of the staffers that Waltz had appointed those would be the quote unquote neocons. Now again, the term NeoCon has basically become a term of universal opium applied to people who clearly are not neocons. Okay, NeoCon, just technically speaking, these are people were Democrats in the 1960s and they called themselves liberals, mugged by reality. They moved over to the right. Many of them during the Bush administration were very interventionists, not just with regard to Iraq, but also with regards to say Libya and Syria, which is a sort of better acid test as to whether somebody was a truly interventionist NeoCon because again, Iraq was widely approved by large swaths of the Republican party, including some people who now count themselves isolationists.


It was really the post Iraq conflicts like Libya and Syria where these divisions started to really emerge between people who are very interventionists and almost Wilsonian style and people who are not. So, a good example of this would be Ted Cruz, right? Ted Cruz was against the intervention in Libya and against an intervention in Syria as well. By the way, so was I, in any case, the attempt to label everybody a NeoCon is basically now just an all purpose insult that you throw at anybody who doesn't agree With a more Pap Buchanan night vision of American foreign policy. So in any case, a bunch of people who are under waltz were targeted by Laura Loomer and some of them got fired. That was a couple of weeks ago. In recent days, according to Axios, Susie Wildes began collecting names to replace waltz, but kept the process and discussion strictly under apps.


Secretary of State Rubio will fill in on an interim basis interim. Now, apparently one of the original people who has floated for the job of NSA was Steve Whitcoff. Now, I don't think that Whitcoff wants the job and and the reason Witkoff doesn't want the job is because the NSA is actually an entire apparatus that you have to run. Whit Coff's role so far has been flying off to Russia to meet with Vladimir Putin or flying off to Qatar or flying off to Saudi Arabia or whatever it is. He's sort of a freewheeling agent in the mix operating directly for the president of the United States and seems to have the president's ear on a lot of these negotiations. According to Axios Waltz, Alex Wong, who is his ass assistant director of the NSA, and many of the National Security Council staffers who already departed were on the more hawkish wing within the administration, were perceived as quote unquote neocons within the MAGA group on Iran, both Vance and Woff favor diplomacy, whilst was much more open to the idea of military strikes.


For now, according to Axios, it seems the restraint wing has won that argument and is generally in the ascendancy within Trump's national security team. And one of the sort of open questions is whether a restrain wing is trying to say that the United States should not be involved in a strike on Iran, under what circumstances that would change, or whether they're trying to restrain Israel from a strike on Iran. Which is a completely separate question because obviously Israel has a very strong interest in Iran not gaining a nuclear weapon, considering that Iran has specifically stated and has never stopped saying that once they get a nuclear weapon, they're using it on the quote unquote Zionist entity. So JD Vance appeared on Fox News last night trying to explain what it, what exactly had happened inside the administration. Why was Mike Waltz let go?


So it wasn't let go. He was being made ambassador to the United Nations, which of course is a Senate confirmed position. I think he can make a good argument that it's a promotion. But we, we brought Mike on to do some serious reforms of the National Security Council. He has done that. I like Mike, I think he's a great guy. He's got the trust of both me and the president, but we also thought that he'd make a better UN ambassador as we get beyond this stage of the reforms that we've made to the National Security Council. You saw the president announce that Marco Rubio is gonna step in as interim leader of the National Security Council. So I, look, I, I think the media wants to frame this as a firing. Donald Trump has fired a lot of people. He doesn't give them Senate confirmed appointments afterwards.


Okay? So one of the things that's sort of fascinating about the way that, that the Vice President is phrasing that is we, there's a lot of we meaning that he was obviously involved in the decision making around the movement of Mike Waltz. The alternative read here is that Waltz was on the outs With a lot of members of the administration, particularly again in these sort of non-PE through strength contingent of foreign policy. And that the president, basically because he didn't like hurting walls, I mean Waltz gave up a very solid congressional seat that's now occupied by Randy Fein in Florida in order to come into the administration very early back, or the President Trump didn't actually wanna hurt Walt since he moved him over to the UN ambassador position, which is in fact a pretty nice position. Okay? So again, all of this is sort of kremlinology trying to figure out what's going on inside the administration and has some pretty significant ramifications for American foreign policy, especially because there's a lot of critique of the man who is now sort of leading American foreign policy in a wide variety of areas.


And that, of course is Steve Whitcoff. So Whitcoff, who I've suggested, has not actually achieved any victories that I can see at all in any of the arenas where he has been placed. Whether you're talking about the Hamas negotiations to free hostages, including American hostage I Don Alexander, or whether you're talking about the Iran negotiations where Witkoff doesn't appear to know his ass from his elbow, or whether you're talking about the Russia, Ukraine negotiations where Steve Witkoff has been over there and then gone on TV and started sort of parroting many of the talking points that that Vladimir Putin was putting out there. Let's put it this way, if it is not clear to you yet, I'm deeply unimpressed with Steve Wit's diplomatic record. He may be a very nice guy. He may be a bus, a good businessman. I, I don't know, I really don't know Steve Whitcoff from Adam. I've met him briefly for about 20 seconds one time.


I will say that I am not impressed with the results of his negotiating leisure domain at this point in time. And there are a lot of open questions about Steve Whitcoff and his competence. The New York Post ran a piece yesterday suggesting that administration insiders are distressed by his approach to negotiating with both Russia and Iran. According to the New York Post report, Woff who has become President Trump's defacto personal ambassador to Russian President of Vladimir Putin, in addition to taking on the Middle East portfolio, takes part in high level meetings alone. He's even relying on Kremlin translators, okay, that that is an amateur move, right? Having, having somebody who works for Vladimir Putin do your translation for you is not exactly an amazing move if you're negotiating a deal ahead of what Cos most recent meeting with Putin this past Friday, the New York native greeted the Kremlin tyrant like an old friend with no sign of usual Cory of advisors, experts, and military officers who typically accompany US officials during negotiations.


Putin himself did not attend Friday's meeting solo. Instead, he was accompanied by one aid, a guy named Yuri Ooff and the head of Moscow's Sovereign Wealth Fund. Now, that in and of itself is a little bit weird. I'm not sure about the head of Moscow's Sovereign Wealth Fund was attending a meeting with Steve Witkoff about an end to the Ukraine Russia war. What does the Sovereign Wealth Fund of Russia have to do with any of that? Raises some sort of rather interesting questions. Well, this prompted this new post piece, which, which prompted a lot of heartburn in inside the sort of Witkoff team. It prompted tweets from Alex Witkoff, his son, who's very close with the administration, and Donald Trump Jr. Who of course is very close with, with Alex Witkoff as well as his brother.


Well, thi this, this again kind of comes down to what approach is the administration going to take on foreign policy? And there are a lot of mixed signals coming out of the administration. On the one hand, you have Witkoff who's going around and attempting to cut deals, deals that again, do not reflect sort of the traditional Trump 1.0 piece through strength approach to places like Russia or Iran. And then at the same time you have President Trump pushing quite hard on a number of, of sort of pressure points for Russia and for Iran. So for example, president Trump, literally yesterday was pushing more sanctions on Iran, even as he was saying a little bit earlier this week, that he was going to cut a deal with Iran.


Very unclear whether this is putting on more sanctions to take them off, whether these sanctions are largely targeted, not at Iran, but at China particularly. 'cause China is the biggest buyer of Iranian oil at this point. And here's President Trump. Just yesterday, Iran had no money when I was president. They were out of money, they were bused, they had no money, they weren't giving it to Hamas, they weren't giving it to Hezbollah, they weren't giving it to anybody 'cause they didn't have any money. They were just about bused. And in fact, I put sanctions on last night. Any oil that anybody takes from Iran is not allowed to do business in the United States of America. We get to more on this in just a moment.


First, you know, we're here in Israel for Independence Day. We talked to Mike Huckabee yesterday. Well, independence Day fell on May 1st for the people of Israel. However, the concept of freedom has become intertwined with their ongoing challenge. Massive fires breaking out all over the state. For example, set by terrorists. Many people are facing difficult circumstances. They navigate their daily lives amid uncertainty. During these challenging times, it can be hard to find moments of joy and celebration. The International Fellowship of Christians and Jews works to provide essential support for vulnerable populations, ensuring the elderly, the sick, wounded, soldiers and families in need that they receive the care they deserve. Your generous gift to the fellowship today will help provide vital aid, including medicine, nutritious meals, safety measures, and comfort to those who need it most. Show your support for Israel by making a meaningful contribution. Your gift can make a real difference in someone's life. Make your gift to online today at Ben for the fellowship.org. That's been for the fellowship.org. There's a lot going on here in Israel. A lot of people suffering. You can help out at Ben for the fellowship.org. Again, that's Ben for the fellowship.org. God bless and thank you.


Also, tax day may have passed, but for millions of Americans, the real trouble is just starting. If you miss that April 15th deadline or you still owe back taxes, the IRS is ramping up. Enforcement everyday wait only makes things worse. With over 5,000 new tax liens filed daily and tools like property seizures, bank levies, wage garnishments, the IRS is applying pressure at levels we have not seen in years. Increased administrative scrutiny means collections are moving fast. The good news, there's still time for tax Network USA to help self-employed business owner, even if your books are a mess, they've got it covered. Tax Network USA specialized in cleaning up financial chaos and getting you back on track fast even after the deadline is not too late to regain control. Your consultation is completely free. Acting right now could stop penalties, threatening letters and surprise levies before they escalate. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit t usa.com/shapiro. You might have missed April 15th. You have not yet run out of options. Let Tax Network USA help before the IRSs makes the very next move called 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/shapiro at tn usa.com/shapiro to get started.


Okay. Meanwhile, there were negotiations that were scheduled between the United States and Iran for Saturday. Apparently that has now been rescheduled for logistical reasons. Apparently, there was never a hard date on the schedule. According to the United States, the Iranians say this is being done for logistical reasons. Oman is claiming that it was logistical in nature. Iran is saying that what they really, really want is a deal that will allow for peaceful nuclear development, which of course is a lie. Iran does not need nuclear development at all. It's one of the most oil and natural gas rich countries on planet Earth. The idea that Iran, which is an underdeveloped economy, they, they're, they don't, they're not using that energy for ai.


Let's put it this way, Iran is not desperately creating nuclear facilities because they are so in hoc with the Green Revolution. I, that's not what, what's happening here. The Iranian foreign Ministry spokesperson, ESMA BA, issued a statement describing the talks as postponed at the request of Oman's foreign minister. He said Iman remained committed to reaching a fair and lasting agreement. A US source said that America had never confirmed its participation in a fourth round of talks. But the source said the US expects the talks to take place in the near future. So a again, there's a lot of sort of mixed signals coming out of the administration with regard to what Iran deal would look like. The Washington Post, by the way, is cheering the idea of A-J-C-P-O-A 2.0, an Obama deal 2.0.


Although even the Washington Post, I will, I will say it's kind of amazing. The editorial board of the Washington Post is now free to admit that Obama's J-C-P-O-A deal was really bad, that the Iran deal in 2015 was a bad deal. Now they still want a bad deal. The Washington Post, they just want it to be slightly less bad than the Obama deal quote. The onus is now on Trump and his team to show they can negotiate a better deal. One that doesn't end up looking like the old one. Well, Marco Rubio, The Secretary of State and now interim National Security Advisor, he was on with Sean Hannity last night and he discussed what the United States' goal in the Iran talks are. The only countries in the world that enrich uranium are the ones that have nuclear weapons.


Iran is a, they're claiming they don't want a weapon, but they would be. They're, what they're basically asking is to be the only non weapon country in the world that's enriching uranium. And the level at which they enrich it is really not relevant per se. Because really if you have the ability to enrich at 3.67%, it only takes a few weeks to get to 20% and then 60% and then the 80 and 90% that you need for a weapon. And so that really is the path forward here. Iran simply needs to say, we've agreed to no longer enrich. We're gonna have reactors 'cause we want nuclear energy and we're gonna import, enrich uranium. This is an opportunity for them. If they take it, this is, and this is the best opportunity they're gonna have. President Trump is a president of peace. He doesn't wanna war, he doesn't want conflict.


None of us do. And there's a path forward here. But what cannot happen, there's a path forward, is to live in a world where Iran has a nuclear weapon. The Path forward has been given to them and now it's a matter of, it has whether or not they're gonna take it. And the president was very, very clear. He would lead the effort to stop them from ever achieving that nuclear weapon. And that would mean that statement was obvious in terms of that he would use military force to destroy those facilities. We have the capacity, obviously, to do it. But back to this question, would we need American inspectors and Americans scientists to shut it down and would that have to be part of the deal? And anywhere, any place, anytime American inspectors, would they have to agree to that in your mind?


I think you would have to allow Americans as part of, you can send, you know, maybe there'll be French inspectors, there'll be Italian inspectors, there'll be Saudis, whoever. But I think you cannot basically say, we will not allow any Americans. You also have to make sure if you really want to prevent a, a nuclear program, okay, and you're not building a nuclear weapon, then you should open all your facilities. You know, one of the failures of the Biden of, sorry, of the Obama nuclear deal with Iran is that you could not inspect military sites. Well, if you're making nuclear weapons, you would probably make 'em on a military site. And by the way, it's been known and discovered that in the past, Iran has had a secret nuclear program that it did not disclose to the world. Okay? So you know, Marco Rubio, again, taking very strong position on the negotiations, but he's not the one leading the negotiations.


Steve Whitcoff is leading the negotiation. So all these sort of mixed signals are, are certainly leading to, as I say, a lot of criminal analogy, what exactly is happening inside the administration. Meanwhile, the Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth, put out a message on Twitter yesterday, quote, message to Iran, we see your lethal support to Thethis. We know exactly what you are doing. You know very well what the US military is capable of. And you were warned, you'll pay the consequence at the time and place of our choosing. So again, strong messages being sent to Iran via the Secretary of Defense. But the question is, who's in President Trump's ear? What advice is President Trump taking who seems to have the upper hand discussions over how harsh the United States should be in these Iran negotiations? And is there really a possibility that the United States would participate in some sort of military strike on Iranian nuclear facilities if they don't actually denuclearize entirely?


These are all open questions, and frankly, no one knows the answers to those questions except for the President of the United States. Now, meanwhile, the president did cut a very good deal with Ukraine the other day. We talked about this on the program. It's good. Okay, this deal between the United States and Ukraine, this rare earth minerals deal, which is something Ukraine should have signed onto in February. Well, they finally came around and they did it. Basically the rare earth minerals deal inked on Wednesday, according to the New York Post after months of negotiations, created a shared investment fund to which both nations will contribute, including through oil, gas, and mineral rights licenses sold in Ukraine. The profits are gonna be split 50 50. So the United States is not taking money and just throwing it into this fund. Basically, we are going to earn credit toward our total contribution equal to the cost of military equipment, technology or training that we send across the Atlantic.


So basically the deal is that additional military aid we provide to Ukraine is gonna be counted against whatever we would've had to pay into this fund. So we're trading military aid in some ways for the rare earth minerals development from Ukraine, which again, we need rare earth minerals because we're not gonna get them from China anymore. Presumably Ukraine requires military aid in order to stand up against the Russian onslaught. It is a good thing, full stop. It is a good thing that President Trump is committing to a free and independent Ukraine. That is an important thing. So the agreement does not preclude the United States from dispatching remaining military aid approved by Congress under former President Biden. It doesn't require the US to sell any military aid to Kiev either.


It's not clear how much is supposed to go into the fund, but the bottom line is that instead of this just being pure military aid, we are now getting something in return. And for the Ukrainians, the Ukrainians see this as a way of ensuring continued American support. One source familiar with Keith's strategy originally suggested that they thought that maybe they could leverage the president into a better deal for Ukraine. That did not happen. However, the representative of the Ukrainians has said that this is a good deal for both sides. The Kremlin recognizes the significance. The deal was blasted by Russian Security Council, deputy Chairman Dimi Med, who again everybody in the Russian government is a cutout for Putin praised the US leader for making a deal With a nation that will soon disappear.


Trump has finally pressured the key regime to pay for USAID with mineral resources. Now the country that is about to disappear will have to use its national wealth to pay for military supplies. So again, that, that does not sound like a Russia that is ready to come to the table. Again, the, the White House itself in its actual explanation of the minerals deal suggested this partnership represents the United States taking an economic stake in securing a free, peaceful, and sovereign future for Ukraine. This agreement will also strengthen the strategic partnership between the United States and Ukraine for long-term reconstruction and modernization in response to the large scale destruction clause by Russia's full scale invasion. The language of this agreement is some of the most pro Ukrainian language that has come out under the Trump administration.


That is a, that is a positive shift that is necessary if you want Russia to come to the table. The United States can't be threatening to walk away from Ukraine. According to the White House's fact sheet quote, president Trump envisioned this partnership between the Americans and the Ukrainians to show both sides his commitment to lasting peace and prosperity in Ukraine. So, and, and by the way, no state company or person who financed or suppo supplied the Russian War machine will be allowed to benefit from the reconstruction of Ukraine, including in participation in projects supported by fund resources. So good for Ukraine, good for the United States, good for President Trump. Meanwhile, Lindsey Graham is apparently, according to the Wall Street Journal, forging ahead on a plan to impose new sanctions on Russia and steep tariffs on countries that buy Russian oil, gas, and uranium.


This again is the right approach. If you want Russia to come to the table, the only way they're going to do that is through more leverage. And the Trump administration is in fact responding to the reality, which is, as I've said, president Trump is a reality based president. When something goes wrong, he shifts and he moves. And so the idea that he could just pressure Ukraine to the table and Russia would magically come to the table, that didn't materialize. And so President Trump is now shifting and moving the South Carolina Republicans said in an interview support for his bill crossed the critical threshold of 60 co-sponsors on Wednesday. Meaning it has enough votes to overcome a Senate filibuster by the end of the week. According to Graham, the bill will have at least 67 co-sponsors, which is enough to even override a potential presidential veto. That list of co-sponsors is evenly divided across the aisle.


It includes the Senate majority leader John Thon. It also includes members of the Senate Republican leadership team. So unclear if it makes a floor vote, if President Trump were to oppose it, the White House is not commenting on it so far. But again, more leverage against Russia is the thing that is going to get them to the table. Not sort of the carrots and massages approaches that has been retailed by Steve Whitcoff. So far in other good moves from the Trump administration, president Trump has now signed an executive order to terminate federal funding for NPR as well as PBS. That is a positive move. NPR is a disaster area. NPR is a leftist adjunct prop outlet that is paid for with American taxpayer dollars. There's no reason that NPR requires that level of support. I mean, we operate in the media space.


We here at The Daily Wire in the private sector, we take no government money. NPR certainly has the capacity to do the same. President Trump wrote in the order, government funding of news media in this environment is not only outdated and unnecessary but corrosive to the appearance of journalistic independence. Trump has directed the Corporation for Public Broadcasting to end indirect funding for NPR and PBS, including by ensuring licensees and permits of public radio and TV stations as well as any other recipients of CB b funds. Do not use federal funds for NPR and PBS. Okay, this is a great move by President Trump. It is something that is long overdue. NPR has been, again, a left wing democratic at a your prop outlet for as long as I have been alive. So that is a very positive move by President Trump.


So again, a lot of good things happened yesterday ranging from that Ukraine rare earth minerals deal to the Trump eo. And we'll still have to see the fallout inside the National security establishment because, you know, things remain up in the air. We'll get to more on this in a moment.


First, let's talk about that car that you own, but you don't use, you know, the one in your front yard, the one that that is, you're paying to keep it registered insured. It just takes up space. It's rusting. Not doing anybody any good. Well, let me tell you what you should do about that. You should give Cars for Kids a call. Have them take care of it for you. That's right. Just give them the info. They will come to you as soon as the next day. Take that car off your hands at no cost to you. Even better. They'll turn that car into funds to help kids. They take care of all the paperwork and logistics and you walk away With a tax deductible receipt for the sale price of the car, a vacation voucher and space in your driveway for your new car. Don't wait. Call 1 8 7 7 cars for kids or go to cars for kids.org/ben. That's cars With a K, the number four to donate. Now it takes just two minutes. Give them your information. They take over from there. They've done this over a million times. Let them help you as well. Cars for kids.org/ben remember, that's Cars With a k, cars for kids.org/ben cars for kids.org/ben. They've been doing this for years. And why not turn a liability into an asset for somebody else and a tax write off cars for kids.org/men.


Also with Mother's Day just around the corner, I wanna share an amazing organization making a real Difference for moms in Need. Pre-born, their network of clinics provides love, support, and hope to pregnant women or feeling scared alone, pressured about their pregnancy decisions. These choices can affect not just their baby's life, but their own emotional wellbeing as well. When a woman walks into a preborn clinic, she's welcomed with compassion, offered a free ultrasound so she can see and hear the little life growing inside her. And you know what? Most of the time this powerful moment helps mom choose life. This Mother's Day, you can help both a mom in crisis and her baby. Just $28 provides one ultrasound. $140 covers five. Every dollar goes directly to supporting moms and babies. Plus monthly sponsors receive photos and stories of the lives they've helped to save. Wanna get involved? It's easy. Just dial pound two 50. Say Baby, or visit preborn.com/ben. Make a difference this Mother's Day by supporting both moms and their babies. Again, that's preborn.com/ben. Get involved today. Impact generations to come.


And meanwhile, with regard to illegal immigration every day that goes by the Chris Van Holland, Senator from Maryland. Moron decision to go down to El Salvador and hang out With a suspected MS 13 member. Looks worse and worse. The newest breaking news on that front is that the wife of this particular illegal immigrant Kmar Abrego Garcia, his wife, a woman named Jennifer Vasquez Sura, it turns out that she actually called the cops back in 2020 and there's audio of her doing so. Pleading With a judge for protection from her husband in 2020 seems like a delightful person to have in the country. Here's the tape. I have a lot of police reports and I kept trying to get to the door basement to try to open the door.


And then like he pushed me. So then when I was able to go outside to get a, a phone, I called nine one one from a disconnected phone. Now they took a long time to get to the house. It was probably like 20, 30 minutes. So I saw a neighbor walking his dog and I opened the door and I was like, help. And then when he heard me, like he grabbed me from my hair and then he slapped me. And then the neighbor, like he didn't know what to do. He didn't know what to react. I have pictures of the evidence, like all the bruises because it is not even on Wednesday, he hit me like around like three in the morning. He would just wake up and like hit me. And then last Saturday for my daughter's birthday party, before I went to my daughter's birthday party, he slammed me three times.


And then last week I did call the police. My sister called the police because he hit me in front of my sister. Okay? So he sounds like a delightful person. So I'm glad that Democrats have decided to resonate to him. That apparently includes Democratic representative Jamie Raskin. He was one of the impeachment leaders you'll recall who says that actually Joe Biden was great at removing people who shouldn't be here, which is weird 'cause this guy was still here. But in any case, he also adds that Abrego Garcia's Knuckles did not show that he was ua, that he was MS 13. I don't understand the necessity for this from Democrats. If you want this guy, this, this person who seems really like a terrible person to have due process, that is an argument that I think people across the aisle should agree with.


Due process is in fact a necessary prerequisite of our, of our functioning of law. If you wanna make the case that he's actually like a decent fellow and that everybody's misinterpreting it, this is where Democrats can't help themselves. And why do you always have to say the stupidest version of the argument? Why? Here's Jamie Raskin. We know how to remove people from the country who should not be here. President Biden's administration did that. We know how to do it legally consistent with the Bill of Rights in the Constitution. He was sent to the dictator of El Salvador because he has a tattoo on his right arm, which was mistakenly associated with trend deua. In fact, the tattoo is of a soccer ball topped With a crown, which signifies his favorite soccer club.


Al Madrid. Had there been any kind of due process, fair hearing, he would've been able quickly to explain the government's error. And there being no other evidence against him, he would've been released. So I I'm, I'm just, I'm, I'm confused. Why do you always have to defend the bad guys? You don't have to do that. Just say that you want due process. Well, meanwhile, a, another federal judge is, is a individual federal judge is across the country, signing into chat another federal judge, a US district judge named Fernando Rodriguez Jr. In the Southern District of Texas, is ruling against President Trump's use of the Alien Enemies Act to detain and deport alleged members of a foreign gang. He says, quote, the historical record renders clear that the president's invocation of the a EA through the proclamation exceeds the scope of the statute and is contrary to the plain ordinary meaning of the statute's terms.


This judge, by the way, was in fact nominated by President Trump during his first term. So the question here as to whether the Alien Enemies Act could in fact be invoked in order to deport Venezuelan illegal immigrants because the act gives the President broad powers or citizens of an enemy nation that the United States has declared war against. The question is, is whether this is a quote unquote invasion in a real legal sense, whether Venezuela is an enemy country that is actively facilitating the entry of these people into the United States. The judge says that's really not facts in evidence. And So you can't use that authority. Now, is there other authority for deporting illegal immigrants? Sure, I mean, it's just called federal law. But this gives him more plenary power to sort of do so with presumably fewer layers required in order for a deportation to happen.


So, you know, we'll have to see how that plays out at the Supreme Court level. Again, you can hold all of these thoughts in your head at the same time that due process according to legal standards ought to be applied. And also that the people that Trump is trying to deport are pretty much all people who should not be in the United States. And meanwhile, the president of the United States continues to push back against the DEI regime put in place by Joe Biden and team Caroline Levitt at the White House yesterday attacked A DEI full scale. It was great. Here she was. President Trump stood up for the constitution's promise of colorblind equality before the law. So he terminated radical DEI, preferencing and federal contracting and directed federal agencies to relentlessly combat private sector discrimination.


DEI seeks to divide and pit Americans against each other based on immutable characteristics. President Trump put an end to it in President Trump's America. Individual dignity, hard work and excellence are the only things that will determine if you get ahead. And that obviously should be the standard. Stephen Miller also stopped by the White House press room in order to explain the destruction of the DEI policies that were being pushed by the Biden administration. One of the most significant crises that President Trump inherited upon taking office was the wave of racial discrimination, so-called diversity, equity, and inclusion policies that have taken over both public sector and private sector entities all across the United States of America.


Okay, well, again, he is right about that as well. Now, with all this important work happening, the biggest thing, I keep saying it over and over, the biggest thing is that if you want President Trump to continue to unleash successes, you need Republicans not to make stupid mistakes. We'll get to the trade war in a moment, what the latest is there. But the latest stupid mistake that is possibly on the table here is the possibility of Marjorie Taylor Greene running for Georgia Senate. Let us be clear, if she wins the primary, she will lose the General to John Ossoff. That is a deeply winnable seat in Georgia. The polls right now show that if Ossoff were to run against Mar Marjorie Taylor Greene, he would win outright a sheer majority of the vote. He would beat her by 15 points, 54 to 39. There is no reason for that whatsoever.


Zero. Marjorie Taylor Greene is fine where she is, if she's gonna be in her district, she's popular in her district, that's fine. The idea she's gonna win a state riot, a statewide race in Georgia over John Ossoff, and that Republicans are gonna blow another winnable ee because they've decided to to nominate a, a sort of passionate defender, the most passionate defender of Trump. How about this? How about we get a Georgia Senator who is in line with President Trump's agenda and actually can sit in the Senate? So right now there's been a lot of talk about the possibility of Brian Kemp running for Senate in Georgia. If he were to run for Senate, he would defeat John Ossoff. According to that very same poll, it turns out that can equality candidate quality makes an awfully big difference. And cutting off your nose, spite your face for Republican primary voters is a terrible strategy.


There's a reason why Georgia, which went for President Trump pretty easily in the last election cycle, has two Democratic senators. And the reason is number one, because President Trump decided back in 2021 that he was going to intervene in the senatorial election for no apparent reason. And then number two, Republicans nominated some pretty bad candidates in places like Arizona and in Georgia. How about nominate better candidates and take the Senate seats? That seems to be a much more necessary preconditions to the success of President Trump. We had some more on this in moment.


First, you know, every time I go shooting, I think to myself, this is great. It could probably be a little better. Guess what? It can. Let me tell you how to make shooting more fun, safer, just overall cooler. If you've never used a suppressor before, you're missing out. Trust me. Once you shoot suppressed, you're not gonna wanna shoot Unsuppressed again. That's where my friends at Silencer Shop come in. They don't just sell silencers. They specialize in making sure your shooting experience is awesome. The experts at Silencer Shop will help you find the perfect silencer So you can enjoy your guns even more. And now is the perfect time to get one. Why not let your tax return work for you this year? Invest in a suppressor and completely upgrade your shooting experience? The best part, Silencer Shop makes the entire process ridiculously simple. They're the number one source for suppressors in America with the largest selection of top brands. Silencer Shop helps handle all of the paperwork So you actually don't have to. With their nationwide dealer network and easy to use kiosk system, you can get started in minutes and have your suppressor faster than ever. So don't wait. Visit Silencer Shop dot com slash shapiro. Turn your tax return into the ultimate shooting upgrade. That's Silencer Shop dot com slash shapiro. Again, Silencer Shop dot com slash shapiro. That's Silencer Shop dot com slash shapiro.


Meanwhile, in other news that's sort of fascinating, apparently Alberta, which the province of Canada is now deciding whether or not they want to remain a part of Canada. So how exactly does the process work in Canada? I asked our friends and sponsors over at Perplexity what exactly happens under the Canadian constitution. According to Perplexity, the Canadian constitution does not grant provinces a unilateral right to secede the Supreme Court of Canada. In a landmark 1998 Quebec secession reference clarified secession would require a constitutional amendment, which in turn necessitates negotiations involving the federal government and all the provinces. So basically you have to have a referendum on whether a province wishes to secede With a clear majority not clear exactly how much a clear majority is. Then there are constitutional negotiations between the federal government and the provinces. And Alberta has been considering all of this. Apparently Premier Danielle Smith is introducing legislation to make it easier to initiate a referendum on separation. Again, this is a piece of leverage to be used by Alberta in negotiations with the federal government of Canada. So Danielle Smith is a very conservative leader. She's the premier of Alberta. I I, I've met Premier Smith, very conservative along wide variety of lines, obviously very pro Canada, very opposed to the tariff regime that President Trump is hitting Canada with. But very, very opposed to the left-wing policy promoted by the liberal party of Justin Trudeau and Mark Carney. She says, as premier, I'll not permit the status quo to continue. Albertans are proud Canadians that want this nation to be strong, prosperous and united, but we'll no longer tolerate having our industries threatened and our resources landlock by Ottawa. So she's pushing for concessions from the national government. Mark Carney is promising some changes. There is the possibility of what is called WEX it. So that was something that was pushed back in 2019 where there was a serious move to take Alberta completely out of Canada. So it, it'll be fascinating to see how that plays out. For Mark Carney. Again, the fact that he won the election is a referendum, I think on the fact that Canadians hated Justin Trudeau, but also a backlash to President Trump and his trade war and comments about Canada. It didn't solve all of Mark Carney's problems by any stretch of the imagination.


Speaking of which, when it comes to the tariffs, again, the statistics from a couple of days ago show that the GDP actually shrank. And that is almost entirely due to the tariff war. According to the Wall Street Journal, gross domestic product shrank 0.3% in the first estimate by the Bureau of Economic Analysis. Most of the damage came from soaring imports. Imported goods and services rose 41.3% in the quarter goods alone by almost 51%. Imports subtracted a startling fif at 5.03% from GDPA tax increase in production shock as large of Mr. Trump's Sta for balance due economic harm according to the Wall Street Journal editorial board. So JD Vans vice president was confronted by Brett Bearer on Fox News about the shrinking economic numbers.


Here's what he had to say. The economy shrank first time in three years. People are pointing to the tariff policy. There are people looking at their 4 0 1 Ks that are worried. What do you tell them? Is this going to work? So the first thing is when you talk about the economy, this is Joe Biden's economy and we inherited $2 trillion of debt, the highest peacetime deficits in American history, a $1.2 trillion trade deficit, which fundamentally means we're not making enough of our own stuff. And the president came in and he said, this is not always gonna be easy. It would've been very easy for Donald Trump to do what administration's passed to done, which is borrow a lot of money and continue fueling the national debt.


He said, no, we need to reset. We need American workers to have better jobs. We need to protect the jobs that they have right now, and we need to be more self-reliant as an economy, which by the way, will drive down those skyrocketing levels of debt that we've seen. That is what he promised he was gonna do. And he came in and we've started that process. Okay? So again, the idea here that he inherited Joe Biden's terrible economy and then he had to fix it. And what we're seeing right now as a result of that, once you own the economy, you own the economy. Once you take the signal step of declaring a trade war on the rest of earth, you do in fact own that. That's the reality. Now maybe everything plays out according to script. Maybe it all ends up being fine. Maybe America has a more durable manufacturing industry, the economy recovers and all the rest maybe.


Okay? Right now the weekly jobless claims have surged to 241,000. That is an increase of about 18,000 from the prior period higher than the Dow Jones estimate for 225,000 according to the labor department. Gm, as we've mentioned, faces up to a $5 billion tariff bill in 2025. They've now slashed their outlook. So they had a a profit margin that they were projecting that was going to be between 11 billion and and 12.5 billion. They've now moved that down to about $8 billion. So it'll be interesting to see how that plays out. McDonald's is starting to see a decline in spending, which is pretty fascinating. 'cause again, it's kinda cheap staple food. I mean unfortunately, but it is for a lot of people. The Burger Giant posted a 3% drop in revenue in the first quarter.


Same store sales in the US dropped 3.6% from the prior year, the steepest decline since 2020. So some of that is, you know, maybe people becoming a little more health conscious, but a lot of that is just a decline in spending. Generally, the O oil industry is taking a beating right now. The reason the oil industry is taking a beating is because of the trade war. There is less demand for American oil. Less demand means the price goes down. Prices going down means that there is less development of oil and natural gas, which runs directly up against some of the stuff that Secretary Doug Bergham is trying to do over a Department of the Interior. He's been trying to unleash us energy dominance through deregulation. But if the price of oil drops too low, there's no real reason for people to drill more. There's no real reason for people to develop new energy if there appears to be a glut of supply.


Doug Bergham, we actually had reporters who went with Secretary Bergham out into the field over on Morning Wire, which by the way, you guys should go check that out. It's a great show. Morning Wire and is now available on video. Totally worked the watch over a Daily Wire. Go check it out right now. But Secretary Bergham has been trying to drive up energy production hard to do that when the prices are dropping tremendously.


So you know what exactly is going to be the next step here? Well, China maybe starting to waiver a little bit. According to the Wall Street Journal, China said it was weighing starting talks with the United States, but only if Washington shows sincerity through concrete measures such as by canceling the tariffs against Beijing. The ministry spokesperson said, China's position is consistent. If you wanna fight, we'll fight if you wanna talk, our doors wide open. If just wants to talk, it should show sincerity and be prepared to act in correcting its erroneous actions and canceling unilateral tariffs. So China wants some signal from Trump that he's backing down. President Trump obviously doesn't wanna give that signal. So it may be that this tariff war lasts a little longer than people are currently expecting, including the markets.


Axio says that China is not backing down in the game of chicken with President Trump. China says it sent around 15% of its exports worth $525 billion to the US last year, about three times what flowed in the opposite direction. New export orders are already falling sharply, pretending empty shelves and price hikes in the United States. China of course, does have the unique ability to simply cram it down on its own constituents. I mean the people who live in China. I mean, it's an unfortunate reality, but it turns out that China is a pretty terrible place and they don't care very much about their citizens. So China's being hurt by the trade war, but can they take more pain than the us? I mean, typically speaking, yes, because Tyrannies can take more pain, at least on a policy level than democracies can already.


Folks, it's a Friday and that means it's time to do a little bit of nonsense with regard to the culture. So my friend Matt Walsh, he, he did a review apparently of Revenge of the Sih. I know it's a little weird because Revenge of the Sih originally came out in 2005, but the 20th anniversary means that it was rereleased in theaters recently and, and Matt was very upset. He took his kids to see it and he did not like the movie. Now, my own opinion on Revenge of Thes is that the first half has some flaws and the second half of revenge of Thes is actually quite great. There's some rough dialogue for sure, but basically everything from the execution of Order 66 on in Revenge of the Fifth is really good canon, like it's good Star Wars canon.


Now, Matt didn't like it very much at all. Here's some what he had to say, Whether through some sort of genetic anomaly or more likely through Prostar Wars brainwashing from their mother, who my kids are now Star Wars fans, and they really wanted to see the third film in the prequel series in theaters, which has just been rereleased and, and so I agreed and after suffering again through the entire nine hour runtime or what felt like it, I can confidently say that revenge of the STH is even worse than I remember. Like a lot worse. I remember it as a boring, miserable film, but I guess I had blocked out many of the details subconsciously attempting to save myself from reliving the trauma.


This movie is outrageously offensively bad y you could, and I'm not, I don't just, I'm not saying this for a fact. You could make a case that it's like the worst film ever made. And sad to say it's competing with more than one other Star Wars title for the top of that list. I mean, no, I'm sorry, Matt. First of all, they're way worse. Star Wars films, namely the entire last trilogy that they did, the entire rise of Skywalker Trilogy. Not good at all, like re serious problems. We reviewed all of them. The first two movies in the Prequels. Way worse than Revenge of the Fifth. Now again, I, I think that some of Matt's criticisms here, I'm gonna agree with at the same time the sort of overall idea.


This is the worst movie ever made or one of the worst movies ever made. He needs to see more movies. I've seen a lot of truly awful films. Truly, truly awful films. I mean, has he ever seen the Shape of Water? Ooh, complete stinker. Anyway, here is Matt. Going off on the dialogue, and again, I'm gonna agree with some of these critiques I'll admit, First of all, as many people have pointed out over the years, but I must reiterate, the dialogue is atrocious. George Lucas, It would seem, has never heard humans speak. He writes dialogue like I imagine an alien would write dialogue if the only thing he knew about the human race he learned by watching daytime soap operas. There is not one moment where the script reaches even like a C grade.


It is the worst dialogue I've ever heard in a mainstream Hollywood film. It is shockingly bad. Last summer, my kids used one of our phones to make a a, a movie as they called it, where they pretended to be pirates or something. And the dialogue, the dialogue in their three minute pirate movie was better than anything George Lucas came up with. So just to give one infamous example in a scene early in the film, Anakin played with the charisma of a metal folding chair by Hayden Christensen. Goes up to Padme, played by Na Natalie Portman and says, you are so beautiful. And then Pat may responds. That's because I'm so in love.


To which Anakin says, no, it's because I'm so in love with you. That is actual dialogue in this movie. It commits every sin of bad script writing. It is clunky. It's on the nose. It doesn't sound natural at all. Humans do not speak this way, even humans in galaxies far, far away, unless they're living on planet cheese ball in the lame dork galaxy. This is not how humans or any other species of sentient Lifeform speak or would speak. Okay. I, I can't disagree with, with that part. That part I agree with Matt. I'm sorry. And actually, that's not even the worst dialogue in the film. The single worst piece of dialogue in the film. There, there are multiple nominees there. There's the part where, where Anakin and Obi one are arguing, and he said, and he's talking about how only a s deals in absolutes, which is in fact an absolute.


So, I mean, there's all sorts of problems. I think my favorite bad line is when Yoda, who yeah, obviously has some sort of syntax problem because he's constantly putting his verbs where they should not be. There's one point where Yoda is trying to convince Obiwan not to look at the security tapes of, of Anakin murdering a bunch of children. And he says, if into the security recordings you go, only pain will you find. It's like, oh no, that is not good diet. So again, I'm not gonna disagree with every aspect of of Matt's review here. He also ripped into the acting, And to make matters worse, the acting is uniformly bad in some cases, grotesquely bad. Now granted, the actors were given the impossible task of delivering George dialogue, which is the modern film industry equivalent of like pulling the sword from the stone.


There may be some actor out there in the world who can make this crap sound good, but he's never stepped forward. His existence is only a legend. Maybe Daniel Day Lewis could do it, I'm not sure. But I do know that Hayden Christensen can't, neither can Natalie Portman you and McGregor Samuel L. Jackson, who are all terrible in this film. Even our 2D twos performance fell flat and uninspired. Reportedly, I read this, that George Lucas wanted to cast Tupac in the role that ultimately went to Samuel L. Jackson, which makes Tupac's death perhaps a blessing in disguise. At least he was saved from the embarrassment of being in this movie. Okay, so the acting is not uniformly bad. Natalie Portman is quite terrible in the, in the whole series, and Hayden Christensen, who actually turns out to be a pretty good actor and some other stuff, like if you ever watch Hayden Christensen in the movie called Shattered Glass, he's actually pretty great there.


There's no question that George Lucas has some problems with, with actors. He doesn't get the greatest performance I get, but, but the general plot line of what leads to the takeover of the galaxy by the Empire is definitely it. It's interesting Now, he rips on the choreography of, of some of the fight scenes, and here he's just, I'm, I'm sorry, like, no, he's just wrong on this. This movie doesn't have good action scenes. The action scenes are long and busy and lots of things happen in them, but they, they are not good. I mean, the fight choreography is, is terrible. It's clumsy and nonsensical and uninspired. Many of the Jedi's who are supposed to be like intergalactic ninjas, like the Karate kids of the cosmos or whatever, have shockingly bad reflexes.


I mean, revenge of the fifth feature, some of the, some of the, the slowest fight scenes I've ever seen. There's a scene where Emperor Ovaltine or whatever his name is, is who, who I guess is not an emperor yet in this, but he, he, he fights off a group of Jedi who came to apprehend him, and the actor who played Ovaltine was in his mid sixties. And, and he moves like it. And yet despite swinging the lightsaber with all the speed and vigor of a retiree playing softball, he still easily dispatches like multiple Jedi warriors who are supposed to be, you know, the, the greatest warriors in the universe and in it just with, With a, With a casual, you know, flick of the lightsaber, they're dead.


That's it. And the fight scenes are also funny because they use stunt doubles or CGI to have the Jedi do flips and random like midair 360 corkscrews like Simone Biles for no obvious strategic reason. But for the rest of the time, they have the actual actors I guess, doing the moves. So we're treated to the spectacle of fighters who can jump and flip like Olympic Olympic gymnasts. But when they're not jumping, they move like these clumsy old dudes, Oh, come on. I mean, seriously, come on. Like the, like, that's not, there's never been stunt doubles ever in the history of movies. Matt, really like the, the, the last fight scene between Obiwan and Anakin is a good fight scene. Some of the stuff involving K Tuku is, is, is pretty good.


And th this is not the movie that has the worst fight scenes. And by the way, the movie that actually has maybe the best Star Wars dual is the original Phantom Menace, the, the original Phantom Menace. It turns out that the, what the Darth Mall is actually the best of, of the various fighters. Okay, finally, we have Matt on the storyline here. Again, he's not totally off base here, guys, but it's the entire gestalt of the mo am I saying? Revenge of Theist is like the best movie. I'm not saying it's the best movie you ever made, but this, I I could do what Matt is doing with virtually any movie. Not virtually. I I, with many movies that are considered classics, you could definitely rip them apart along many of the same lines here. Here is Matt, Could we possibly say that although the acting is bad, the dialogue's bad, the action's bad, at least the story was good.


Well, no, we can't because unfortunately this ship hit multiple massive narrative icebergs so that by the end of the thing, the end of the end of the thing was so riddled with holes that it could just barely stay afloat. So lemme give you just two examples, both from the end of the movie in the climactic battle sequence between Anakin and Obiwan Kenobi, which takes place on a lava planet for some reason, I don't, I don't remember why they went to a lava planet. Maybe there was a good reason. Okay? Why would anyone go to a lava planet if there are thousands of planets and you can go to any of them faster than the speed of light? Why would you ever choose the lava planet for any activity?


What possible activity? Could you, why would you ever go to it? Why would anything ever happen on, is it because Anakin was evil? So when you turn evil, you suddenly develop an affinity for lava, you know? Yeah. That's, that is it, that's, that's George Lucas's writing for you. Well, he is evil, so he must like lava Anyway, so they were on the lava planet fighting, and they were leaping from one piece of floating debris to the next 'cause. That's how it works, right? Nevermind the fact that if you jumped onto a piece of metal that was floating in lava, you would quickly burn to death. But that's not the point. The point is that this scene ends with Obiwan Kenobi jumping off of one of the lava rafts and onto a gently sloping hill, and he turns back to Ankin, who's still floating on the lava and says it's over. I have the higher ground. The fact that Obiwan Kenobi is slightly elevated over Anakin is supposed to somehow mean that he automatically wins the fight, except that Ankin just five seconds earlier had leapt like 30 feet in the air with effortless ease.


So even if the higher ground is decisive, he could easily just jump higher than Obiwan Kenobi was standing. Mm mm I mean, that last point about the higher ground is true as far as why they're on Musafa, the answer is the S leaders were in Musar and they were in this crappy planet as a hiding place. That's the actual reason why they end up on Musafa. And also, yeah, because Anaan turns evil in Lava's. Cool. I mean, let I, is it okay just for lava to be cool? Can that be okay? Once in a while, and Matt is so cynical about things that he turns me into the optimist. Pretty impressive stuff. All righty, guys coming up Ilhan Omar has a bit of a tet of Tet With a reporter. Remember, in order to watch, you have to be a member.


If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.