
Well folks, the magic is gone for Kamala Harris and the current polling is showing it


become a Daily Wire Plus member Today Get Instant access TAu unparalleled election coverage from the most trusted voices in conservative media. Make sure TAu join us on election night for the best live coverage and insights as the polls close from the entire DW team. Do not miss a single moment of this historic race with Daily Wire Plus as your election headquarters. Head on over TAu Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe and join the fight right now.


Well. About a month ago, Kamala Harris was leading by five percentage points in the NBC News National Poll Today. They are dead tied. 48 2 48 That is a five point shift in favor of President Trump since just one month ago. So, what exactly happened here? Was it That Donald Trump suddenly started overperforming? Did He radically change his campaign? The answer there of course is no. Donald Trump is perfectly consistent. He's been campaigning in the same fashion. Today That He was like 10 years ago at this point. So, what exactly changed? The answer is the brat wore off. The air is out of the balloon. The facade is crumbling in Kamala Harris land.


According TAu That NBC poll, the impression of candidates Trump 43% positive negative 51% Harris positive 43%, same exact number as Donald Trump. Negative 49% That is a dramatic shift. Last month, Trump was at 40% positive and Harris was at 48% positive and 45% negative So. That's a five point drop in her favorables since just last month. Biden's job approval rating. By the way, 43% Trump's retrospective job approval rating mean what do people think of his first presidency? 48% which is higher than any poll when He was actually president of the United States. When it comes TAu policies, Biden policies impact on your family helping 25% hurting 45% Trump policies impact on your family helped 44% hurt 31%.


How about That gender gap? Well. According TAu, the brand new NBC news poll, men are breaking 56 40 for Donald Trump. I think that's an underestimate by the way women are breaking 55 41 for Kamala Harris, which by the way is not nearly as much of a gender gap as Democrats I think are expecting from women. They're hoping for a 60 40 break, not a 55 41 break. That looks very much in line with what Joe Biden did in 2020 or Hillary Clinton for That matter did in 2016. These poll numbers are quite bad for Kamala Harris and you can see That the panic is beginning TAu set in Harry Enton at CNN. He says there are a lot of warning signs the claxons are going off right now. The dear GOP leads by some points in party identification.


Right now the average when the Republican party loses is the Democrats ahead by eight when the Republican party wins the average party. Id advantage for Democrats at three Republicans right now man are doing even better than the average when they win. If there's one little nugget That I think Republicans are really helpful for, it's this party ID and this party registration data, it really points in a good direction for them and for Donald Trump. Wow. Meanwhile, Martha Ratt over at NBC News. She says That, the polling shows That Americans actually believe the economy is getting worse. Okay, now this is bewildering TAu the media, they do not understand how this could possibly be. They don't understand how people can believe the economy is getting worse when obviously inflation is down from what it was. When unemployment is kind of stagnating, it's not radically increasing at this point, the answer of course is because of the embedded cost of the Biden administration.


You cannot go TAu the grocery store now and not compare it TAu what it was four years ago. There's no way TAu do it. It is So much more expensive. Just TAu do the daily things in life than it was four years ago and people do not believe That the mild wage increases That they have seen over the course of the Biden administration. Finally starting TAu break even with regard TAu some aspects of inflation. That doesn't make up for four years of complete stagnation. Here's Martha Ratta at a BC News lamenting this fact One likely drag on the Harris Waltz ticket. Despite many positive economic signs, some 59% of Americans say they believe the economy is getting worse compared TAu just 23% who say it's getting better With more Americans trusting Trump TAu handle the economy if He wins a second term So.


As it turns out, Americans trust Trump on the economy. They don't just trust Trump on the economy. They trust Trump on foreign policy. According TAu, the Wall Street Journal Trump leads Harris among swing state voters 52 39 on who is best able TAu handle Russia's war in Ukraine and has a wider advantage. 48 2 33 on who is best suited TAu handle the Israel Kamas war. They're right about this obviously Well, there's a reason That Americans trust Trump on foreign policy and the economy more and


there's also a reason why you shouldn't trust the big cell phone carriers when it comes TAu the deals they're making with you every year when Apple releases the new iPhone, the big carriers play those same old games. Sign your life away for the next few years and Get That free iPhone, you don't have TAu fall for this. With PureTalk, you can Get great savings on the new iPhone 16 and you can still Get an affordable data plan. That fits your needs on America's most dependable 5G network. How would I know Well? Because I have That new iPhone 16 from PureTalk bottom line, stop falling into the same traps and overpaying for data you're not gonna use with PureTalk for just 35 bucks a month. Get unlimited talk text and 15 gigs of data plus mobile hotspot on America's most dependable 5G network. Here's the best part. When you switch your cell phone service TAu PureTalk on a qualifying plan, you'll Get one year free of Daily Wire plus Insider. That's Access TAu. The full library of DW plus movies series and documentaries including Lady Butler's. What is a Woman Mr. Chem and Run Hide Fight plus uncensored ad free daily shows one year free of Our Kids Platform Benke and your very own free leftist tier Tumblr. The only way you can Get this special offer is by going TAu PureTalk dot com slash shapiro or call and mention my name, stop over paying for your cell phone plan. Go TAu PureTalk dot com slash shapiro Today switch TAu a qualifying plan Get one year free of Daily Wire plus Insider.


The Trump administration was the most peaceful foreign policy period of Our lifetime. The Biden administration has been a complete bleep show as everyone knows at this point, That is the polling in the swing states. Now remember the national polling showing them even that's including places like California and New York, which means That. The swing states are probably trending pretty strongly for Donald Trump at this point. In fact, if you look at the latest polling data of the last seven polls taken in the state of Michigan, Donald Trump is either in the lead or tied in six of them. The only poll That has Kamala Harris ahead is the Wall Street Journal poll. That is from October 8th and That poll only shows her up by two. The margin of error in That poll is four.


Insider Advantage has Trump up by two. The Hill has them tied. Quinnipiac has Trump up all the way by four in Michigan. Meanwhile over in Pennsylvania of the last five polls, That have been taken. Trump is in the lead in three of them. If you go back a little further than That, if you go back TAu, the last seven polls taken, he's ahead in five of them. In fact, the only recent poll That shows Kamala Harris up at all is a New York Times Sienna college poll. That has Harris up three in in Pennsylvania, but the TIPP poll has Trump up one Insider Advantage has Trump up two. The Hill has Trump up one if you move on over TAu Wisconsin, every single poll for the last three has them tied and the two before That Trump is winning So. What you are looking at right there is a dead heat in Wisconsin and the momentum is not with Kamala Harris.


There's a reason That Eric Huffy, the Wisconsin Senate candidate is now running dead even with Tammy Baldwin He was down six TAu eight points just a few weeks ago over in Nevada, which had largely been considered moving away from Trump and toward Kamala Harris. The latest Wall Street Journal poll has Donald Trump up six points in Nevada. That is outside the four point margin of error in Nevada. These are awful numbers for Kamala Harris. She has a world of hurt coming TAu her, the brat has worn off and part of this is being exacerbated by the most delicious storyline in all of American politics. If you happen TAu be a person who is not of the left and That is the pretty obvious fight that's happening between Team Biden and Team Harris So.


You remember Joe Biden? Remember That guy He still the president of the United States somewhere sleepwalking around his beach house in Rehoboth, right? You remember That guy He was ousted you remember That? Kamala Harris basically came up behind him with a Garrett and did him like Carlo at the end of Godfather and then he's still alive So, he's wandering around the landscape and He his entire case for not being ousted in favor of Kamala Harris is she's going TAu lose and I might still win. And the entire Democratic party said, no, no, no, you're totally gonna win. Maybe she'll lose, maybe she'll win. Well Joe Biden might not have been all That off the mark. As it turns out, Kamala Harris is a very, very bad candidate and So Joe Biden has a very strong interest in watching Kamala Harris lose.


Think of it this way. If Kamala Harris wins, then Joe Biden is just the transitional figure who moved out of the way. TAu allow her TAu become president. His entire presidency is He was too senile. TAu run for a second term. He didn't voluntarily move aside, they threw him off the back of the boat. That is not a legacy That Joe Biden wants. However, if Kamala Harris loses, then Joe Biden's legacy is He was unfairly persecuted by his own party for being too old despite his transformative accomplishments and then they substituted in a vice president, they had basically foisted upon him last minute. In 2020, He gets TAu be the hero of That story. He was thrown out, He was victimized, and now if they'd only listened TAu him, He might still be president.


That is the case That Joe Biden wants TAu make and we all know it apparently according TAu, Axios That is not speculation. That is quite real. The relationship between Kamala Harris's team and Joe Biden's White House has been increasingly fraught in the final weeks before election day 10. People familiar with the situation Axios Biden's team wants Harris TAu win the election, but many senior Biden aides remain wounded by the president being pushed out of his reelect bid and are still adjusting TAu being in a supporting role on the campaign trail. They're too much in their feelings. One close Harris Ally side of the president's team, a sentiment shared even by some White House aids Well That is definitely a way TAu win over your opponents is by saying That, they are too much in their feelings. Well Don team Harris by the way again, team Biden does not want her TAu win. They don't Team Biden wants her TAu lose some on the Harris team say the top White House aids are not sufficiently coordinating Biden's messaging and Schedule TAu align with what's best for the Vice President's campaign.


Well. Here in lies the problem. In order for Kamala Harris, TAu win, Kamala Harris needs TAu separate off from Joe Biden, not just by throwing him off the back of the vote but also by carving up his policy. She asked TAu say, listen, I was vp, I was in the room, I did my best. We got some of the things I wanted but some of the things I wanted didn't happen 'cause I'm just the vp, which means here are certain aspects of Joe Biden's policy, I really don't like A, B and C and if they listen TAu me, That never would've happened, right? That's the campaign. She actually has TAu run, but that's not a campaign. That Joe Biden wants her TAu run. This is actually quite reminiscent of the 1968 presidential race So in the 1968 presidential race. LBJ decided That He did not wanna run for a second term, it was kind of his third term. Since He had inherited JFK in 1963, So He decided He didn't wanna run in 1968 and his vice president, vice president Hubert Humphrey was the person who won the primaries, right?


That was a very fraught primary season. Obviously RFK ran for the nomination in That in That year. He ended up being assassinated. It was unlikely He was gonna win the nomination anyway just by the electoral vote count at some points. But Hubert Humphrey wanted TAu run a very different campaign from LBJ in 1968. There's an excellent book about this that's out right now highly worth the Read That book is called The Year That Broke Politics, collusion and Chaos in the presidential election of 1968 by Luke Nter. Terrific book LBJ wanted his legacy upheld and in order for Hubert Humphrey TAu earn his neutrality in the race. L BJ was going TAu have TAu Get, Hubert Humphrey TAu, basically symbol TAu TAu TAu essentially Signal TAu Everyone That He was on board with L BJ's program.


So Humphrey who was much more TAu the left than l BJ really wanted TAu attack L BJ's program, but LBJ didn't want him TAu do That and there was the worry by Hubert Humphrey's, team That LBJ with an undercut Hubert Humphrey in his run for the presidency, which in fact did happen. LBJ was pretty openly coordinating with Richard Dixon, the Republican in That race, who He saw as a better representative of his Vietnam war policy than Hubert Humphrey in 1968. That is very similar TAu what's happening right now, not That, Joe Biden is calling up Donald Trump in there, getting together in the back room and figuring out a strategy, which is something That actually kind of happened between Richard Nixon and LBJ. But the animus between LBJ and Hubert Humphrey was very real. They had very different policy differences. This race looks a ton like 1968.


1968 was you know, kind of a fraught time


Well. If you're losing Sleep like it's 1968, there is no reason for you TAu do That. You know the thing, you're probably not getting enough of Sleep because you're up all night worrying about the state of the world. Well, I've got a solution for you. It's called Helix. Now I'm not one TAu endorse products lightly. Helix has seriously changed how we live in my household. They've got a whole lineup of mattresses, 20 different options. TAu be exact. You've got Deluxe. For those of you who feel like you're sleeping on a cloud, the elite for when you wanna take your Sleep game, TAu the next level, and even the Helix Plus for Our friends who need a little extra support. Plus you don't need a degree in ology, TAu, figure out which one is right for you. You just take their Sleep quiz. I took it myself. They matched me with a medium firm mattress, which is great since they Get back pain. If the mattress is too soft. Get, this Helix delivers your personalized Sleep solution, right? TAu your door, no hassle, no fuss, just pure comfort shipped straight TAu you. Plus they're So confident in their product, they give you a hundred nights TAu, try it out. If That wasn't enough, there's a 10 TAu, 15 year warranty. Talk about standing behind your product So. If you wanna Sleep as soundly as I do, head on over TAu helix Sleep dot com slash ben and take That Sleep quiz plus Helix is offering up TAu 20% off all mattress orders. Just go TAu helix Sleep dot com slash ben, that's helix Sleep dot com slash Ben with Helix Sleep better Sleep starts right now


and now the same thing is sort of true of Biden Harris, not That Harris has wild policy differences from Biden, but she's more progressive than Biden for sure and she has TAu campaign as more moderate than Biden in some way, but if she separates off too far from him, then he's gonna just grab her and he's gonna wrap her up in a bear hug and there's nothing she can do about it and that's what he's been doing and that's why Team Harris is So frustrated every time she goes out and she wants TAu separate off from Biden. He grabs her and smothers her and starts smelling her hair and it's a real problem for the campaign. Quote, Biden gave an impromptu press conference in the White House briefing room Friday. Justice Harris was about TAu do an event in Michigan ensuring her event would Get less TV coverage than it otherwise would've. Earlier in the week, Harris criticized Florida Governor Ron DeSantis for not taking her call about recent hurricanes only for Biden appraised DeSantis soon after for being gracious and cooperative, Biden has been eager TAu boast about a robust jobs report helping TAu end the strike by the Longshoreman's Union and other perceived victories.


Recently Harris has been trying TAu focus on voters' pocketbook concerns including inflation. One person involved with Harris's campaign told the Axios quote, the White House is lacking someone in the room thinking first and foremost about how things would affect the campaign. Well Moe bleep You mean Team Biden doesn't care about Team Harris Well. Yeah. Why should they team Harris politically assassinated him? I mean why, why exactly would He be sitting in the back room thinking Well, what's best for Kamala? What is best for Kamala? By the way, Joe Biden hates Kamala Harris a a fact worth noting Joe Biden despises Kamala Harris ever since the 2020 race in which Kamala Harris basically labeled Joe Biden both a racist and a rapist.


According TAu Axios, the tensions have been playing out on the staff. Level two Harris's team has been trying TAu add staff TAu, the VP's office TAu handle the bigger workload. It's been frustrated at the White House's pacing, getting people detailed for That. According TAu. Two people familiar with the matter, the White House has been working TAu help Harris's team and has been frustrated by some of the rules about who can be detailed and when again the White House is like Well, you didn't do anything as vice president before. Why are we detailing additional staff? TAu? You So you can campaign. Several Biden aids have joined Harris's campaign, but some feel like they've been labeled as disloyal by Biden's team for leaving or even considering it. A White House official told Axios, everyone from the president on down knows how important the election is. We always anticipated a number of staff would wanna transition from the administration TAu the campaign for the final stretch on Harris's campaign.


There's also awkwardness between some who are on Biden's original campaign staff and Harris Allies who've been installed in recent weeks. In the weeks after Harris became the democratic nominee, there were squabbles about whether Biden's main surrogates on TV would continue in those roles or if new faces would emerge. Harris's team prevailed. Some on Harris's team are wary of the Biden campaign crew they're now working with. After all, Biden's team publicly argued Harris was less electable than Biden In the weeks after the president's disastrous debate in June, it was deputy campaign manager Rob Flaherty, who wrote in a letter quote At the end of the day we switched TAu candidates who would, according TAu, the polls be less likely TAu win than Joe Biden. The only person ever TAu defeat Donald Trump. Meanwhile, white House spokesperson Andrew Bates told Axios, president Biden endorsed Vice President Harris immediately after leaving the race, rejecting other approaches.


That would divide the party, but again, the tensions are quite real. The sore feelings are quite real and this is a big, big problem for Kamala Harris. But the biggest problem is not Joe Biden and Joe Biden is a ghost wandering around in this haunted White House. But the biggest problem is in fact Kamala Harris, as we all know, if Kamala Harris were a strong candidate, it turns out strong candidates unite weak candidates divide. Donald Trump is a strong candidate. His united the Republican party with all of its disparate factions with all of its udin, his errors, it is a united party behind Donald Trump because He is in fact a strong figure. Kamala Harris is a weak horse and it is dividing the Democratic party and independents are quite alienated from Kamala Harris whom they correctly see as a totally empty vessel.


The latest example of Kamala Harris word salad over the weekend. She was speaking in Greenville and and here's how it went. It is easy in these moments of crisis. TAu TAu. Question Our, faith TAu sometimes lose Our faith for a moment because what we see is So hard TAu see That, we lose faith or a vision of those things we cannot see but must know. What in the world is she talking about? What does That even mean? She speaks like TAu Hassi Coates rights, just these long sentences That lead nowhere, mix metaphors and don't even make use of proper antecedents. It's wild.


In fact, there's a full report out That Kamala Harris is now getting help TAu clean up her style in interviews after she can't explain how she differs from Joe Biden. Apparently this report out from Mediaite suggests That Vice President Harris's team has been discussing ways TAu clean up her responses, TAu questions this week about how she would differentiate herself from President Joe Biden. According TAu, four people familiar with the discussions NBC news reporting Harris's answers including one where she said she couldn't think of anything she'd do differently than Biden quickly became fodder for her Republican opponent. The NBC news report. Further noted Democrats are working with Harris on several additional areas in which she could contrast or quote overall leadership style. The discussions within Harris's team have included how she should put more distance between her and Biden.


The people familiar with the discussion said as Well as what That would entail in the final weeks of the 2024 race. Yeah, man, if, if, if at this point in the race you're having TAu explain TAu the candidate why her answers suck. She's Don, she's got a re again, she is a mess. And the problem is this, her default, if people actually default TAu her pre her pre 20, 24 settings, it's like resetting an iPad or something when you go back. TAu factory settings on Kamala Harris. The factory settings on Kamala Harris are wild, left, crazy person. Those are the factory settings. And then you have a bunch of programming. That was added by the Biden administration. That was pseudo moderation. And now when she tries TAu campaign as a moderate, everybody's like Well, you're not more moderate than Joe Biden.


What are your actual principles? And then she says, my principles never change. Okay, So, are we supposed TAu? Look at your factory settings. What exactly are we supposed TAu do here? Remember her factory settings are crazed leftist So Today is Columbus State is a celebration of Christopher Columbus who essentially opened the Americas TAu European exploration, which by the way was a net positive for planet Earth. Okay? Without a doubt of course, terrible things happen in the course of any conquest. Terrible things happen in the course of any population movement. Also very good thing That North America and South America had western influence in them and the tribes That predated them on the continent were in general quite barbaric. Many of them were engaged in precisely the same kinds of tribal warfare.


That. People all over the planet are engaged in this sort of attempt. TAu whitewash, everybody who's living on these relatively unpopulated continents, I say relatively, 'cause of course there was population, but it was certainly not all That large. If you look at, you know, person per space in the United States, for example, on the North American continent is a fairly sparsely populated continent, but the kind of attempt TAu paint the European West as uniquely evil. Kamala Harris does That kind of stuff. She has said she wants TAu Get rid of Columbus Day in favor of indigenous people's day. Now listen, That is an amazing statement. It really is. Are we truly TAu? Believe That Kamala Harris, the greatest beneficiary in American life of the existence of European colonization.


Truly, I mean she's the vice president of the United States, which began as a European colony. Her up there saying, That, we shouldn't celebrate Christopher Columbus That. It's, it's like the beneficiary of a penicillin vaccine saying That, we should not celebrate the inventors of penicillin like That. It's, it's a bizarre, bizarre notion. That, she's pushing here. Well, you know Kamala Harris has left us and That could keep you up at night, but you know what's really keeping you up late at night. It is the fact That, the sheets That you have on your bed, they're, they're not good. That's why I decked out my entire bed with Bowl and Branch. Now I'm not usually one for changing with the seasons. You know these principles, they stay consistent year round when it comes TAu betting, that's another story starting with the bullet and Branch signature collection.


Their 100% organic cotton sheets are like the Constitution for your bed. Foundational, timeless, getting better with age. They start off buttery soft and somehow they Get even softer with every single wash. Plus, you can easily add their blankets, duvets, and quilts without making your bed feel heavy or hot. Trust me, a fall refresh with Bull and Branch will have your mind changed for good. Best of all Bull and Branch gives you a 30 night worry-free guarantee with free shipping and returns on all US orders of a hundred bucks or more. Let me tell you, when you're fighting the culture war day in and day out, good Sleep is in fact crucial. Start getting your best Sleep this fall with Bull and Branch. Enjoy 20% off plus free shipping on your first set of sheets at bull and Branch dot com slash Ben. That's Bull and Branch. B-O-L-L-A-N-D Branch dot com slash ben for 20% off and free shipping exclusions supply.


See site for details. That is bull and Branch dot com slash ben for 20% off and free shipping. Okay So, this is her back in 2019 saying, That, we should actually kill off Columbus Day in favor of indigenous people's day. You can even say That, you have critiques for Christopher Columbus on Columbus Day. Of course That, that's perfectly fine. No one's arguing That, but TAu say That. Instead you wanna celebrate the people who were there before, who you would not even have known about and many of whom were participating in. Shall we say inhumane practices Well before Columbus ever discovered the new world That That is something else entirely. Here's Kamala Harris back in 29 again. This is her preset. Her preset is wild left. Would you support efforts on a federal level?


TAu change Columbus Day, TAu indigenous peoples stay and why does That matter So much? Sure, sure. Yeah and and why it matters is TAu your very point. We have TAu, remember history and back I this question I think really is connected. TAu the last question about Our morals and And Our and Our Compass and Our goals. And Our aspirations. Yeah, we have TAu. Remember Our history, uncomfortable TAu, your point about truths. God, she's So awful.


She was So awful in 2019. Fast forward a few years we were told there's a brand new Kamala Harris. Not good, not good Bob. It is an honor of course TAu be with you this week as we celebrate Indigenous People's Day as we speak truth about Our nation's history. Since 1934, every October the United States has recognized the voyage of the European explorers who first landed on the shores of the Americas. But That is not the whole story. That has never been the whole story.


Those explorers ushered in a wave of devastation for tribal nations. Perpetrating violence, stealing land and spreading disease. We must not shy away from this shameful past and we must shed light on it and do everything we can. TAu address the impact of the past on native communities. Today And That was Kamala Harris in 2021. So the same as a candidate, same as vice president and same Today. She's not a moderate, she was never a moderate. And again, it seems weird. TAu me That, the vice president of the United States feels That way about the civilization.


That has allowed TAu be allowed her TAu be the vice president of the United States. The biggest problem for Kamala Harris is That. Kamala Harris exists as a human. That is the biggest problem for her and there's no way TAu Get around That, which is why she's hiding from the press. So Time magazine, which was desperately attempting TAu spin her into something amazing. She was on the cover of Time magazine just a couple of months ago as sort of the future Well. They have an entire 17 minute piece titled What kind of president would Kamala Harris be? There's only one problem. Kamala Harris refused TAu do the interview quote. When she does do interviews, she mostly favors local media culture. Podcasts are friendly talk shows. Harris declined repeated requests for an interview for this story. In contrast, Trump talked about his policy vision with a time reporter for 90 minutes across two interviews, Biden spoke TAu time at similar length before dropping out of the race.


So, I guess their their strategy is TAu basement her. They're going TAu run the Joe Biden 2020 basement strategy not in the middle of Covid and with a person who's supposedly young and virile That is the case. Listen, even her surrogates can't defend her at this point. Andy Beshear, who's once considered a vice presidential candidate, He was asked how will Kamala Harris be different from Joe Biden? He can't answer That question 'cause ain't nobody can answer That question. She cannot answer the most simple question in this campaign. Why are you running? Why, why other than just being there like Chauncey Gardner, why are you running? Okay and and then the second question, how are you different from the guy who's currently there? Those are the two key questions of the campaign. She can't answer either of them and neither can any of her surrogates.


Here's Andy Beshear, the governor of Kentucky. Do you think she will be different than Joe Biden? What do you think the difference is? She struggled on the view TAu say anything about anything different. That, she would be different. Well Of course she'll be different because we are, we are all different individuals. But just look at the police. Policywise Policywise, I mean there they're right, but, but President Biden's plans were about building a future economy. That is happening right now. We're building the two biggest battery plants on planet earth in Kentucky. We we built the cleanest re greenest, recycle paper mill the world's ever seen. Those are all through his policies, but hers are about right now. How do we help the American people?


That are struggling. TAu pay the bills. Okay, So That is a non-answer. Tha tha thanks for That Andy Well. Folks, people like Andy Beshear, they're trying TAu pull the wool over your eyes. Well So are some credit card companies. Probably the number one question I Get from listeners is how can I Get in the conservative fight? Well, it's critical TAu know where your dollars are going. Some credit cards are funneling millions TAu left-wing causes and candidates hoping you don't notice. Now you have a choice. Enter Coin America's conservative credit card. Find them at COIG n.com. Here's what makes Coin great With every single transaction you advance conservative causes and charities at no cost TAu you. It's a great looking card. Deals like pride in using Bright Red with we the people on the front. It works everywhere. Visa is accepted, comes with 100% US based customer service and consumer protections.


Coin empowers us, TAu, take back Our country with every swipe. It's the only card worthy of your wallet. Start earning cash back while fighting the left wing agenda. Today, apply now@coin.com. That's COI gn.com. Be sure TAu select Daily Wire and the how did you hear about a section terms apply. Go TAu coin.com/disclosures. Fourfold details. Every time you use your credit card, you may be giving money. TAu people That you don't particularly agree with, you don't have TAu, do That anymore. Apply now@coin.com. That's COI gn.com and let them know That, we sent you in there. How did you hear about a section again, the biggest problem in this race for Kamala Harris is Kamala Harris, but she's always been bad at every job she's ever taken. This is the thing about Kamala Harris. She keeps failing up. She keeps failing up. She was originally given a job because she was dating Willie Brown, who was then one of the big political movers and shakers in the state of California.


While she was appointed TAu state-based commissions, That paid her a very, very nice salary in the state of California. She never showed up. She didn't go TAu the meetings. Then when she became a da, she tried TAu challenge her own boss, Terrence Helenan for his job. And then when That failed, she moved over TAu a different segment of the child services unit for the city attorneys. And then she had a performance review according TAu daily mail over the weekend and her ratings there stunk as Well on a scale of one TAu five, Harris only got a two on whether she was thorough, helpful, and proactive and only a three on whether she showed good judgment. She also got a two rating for recognizing deadlines, fast turnaround and anticipating their needs.


Apparently she got a one for her failure. TAu return phone calls and emails promptly. Not an amazing performance review. According TAu, the UK Daily Mail, she's never been good. She's been an awful vice president. There's a reason That, she was the lowest rated vice president in modern American history. There is nothing new here for Kamala Harris. She's a fail of a candidate and she's a fail of a politician and it turns out That American politics, it is quite possible. TAu fail up. What a great country this is. Meanwhile, her surrogates are failing as Well So. As you mentioned last week, Michigan governor Gretchen Whitmer made a big booboo because she did a viral video, this bizarre sort of lesbian communion scene with a popular influencer named Liz Plank where Plank was on her knees.


And Gretchen Whitmer is feeding her a Dorito in a manner. That is extraordinarily reminiscent of communion and, and all the Catholics got very upset as Well. They should because it was pretty obviously meant TAu mock That. Now she came out and she apologized for That. The stunt, according TAu Mediaite, was apparently Don TAu promote the 2022 Chips Act, which was signed by President Joe Biden TAu allow for $280 billion in spending on domestic research for stem fields and semiconductors. Multiple Catholic organizations issued statements condemning the video because it appeared TAu mock the communion Sacrament Michigan's Catholic Conference issued a statement claiming Whitmer was mocking Catholicism. Paul Long, the organization's president and CEO said, quote, it's not just distasteful or strange, it's an all too familiar example of an elected official mocking religious persons and their practice.


Whitmer then gave a statement, she said, over 25 years in public service, I would never do something TAu denigrate someone's faith. I don't believe you. She said, my team has spoken TAu, the Michigan Catholic Conference, Well, it was supposed TAu be a video about the importance of the Chips Act. TAu Michigan jobs has been construed as something it was never intended. TAu be, and I apologize for That So, her surrogates are failing as Well That includes, of course, the bizarro world. Governor of Minneapolis of Minnesota, Tim Walls, who is, I'm sorry, He just gets weirder and weirder. Tim Walls, the the attempt TAu turn Tim Walls into the apotheosis of masculinity. TAu reach out TAu men. Let's just say That, that's not going very Well. He's like a theater major playing a man here. He was over the weekend going shooting the way He is loading his shotgun.


Let me let So, I I do own a Mossberg 500. I will say I have never loaded a shotgun this way. This is a bizarre way. TAu load a shotgun. He was supposed TAu be outrow hunting or something. He did not actually achieve any, any actual game. But He He went out there and awkwardly attempted TAu load his shotgun and not not amazing stuff here. That's my theory and it never fits quite right, never fits quite right, just not quite right. How do you give it back? Governor? What kind of gun is it? This is a Beretta a 400 I brought, I bought it when I was shooting a lot of trap because it has a kind of their patented thing. A kickoff So.


When you Get old, it doesn't hurt your shoulder as much. So captain masculinity over here is loaning his shotgun while propping it against his crotch for those who can't see and then bragging about how the kick of the shotgun hurt his shoulder. Yeah, that's a, that's a strategy man. That's a strategy Well. This means That. Kamala Harris is now in panic mode. So, over the weekend she released her medical records. The only case That is left TAu. Her is That. She is younger than Donald Trump. It certainly is not her agenda. It's certainly not her coherent speech patterns. It is not her policy. It is That. She is not 80. Right. Okay, fair enough.


That, she released a medical report. That shows That. She's in excellent health. A senior aide TAu, the Democratic presidential nominee said the two page statement, which includes details from a physical exam in April is meant TAu underscore some points of contrast with Donald Trump. What age? 78 would be the oldest person TAu serve as president if elected this year. The statement from Colonel Joshua Simmons noted Harris exercises daily and is up TAu date on preventative screenings including a colonoscopy, an annual mammogram, and has undergone allergen immunotherapy for the past three years. She apparently uses Allegra TAu manage allergy symptoms. No, no actual coverage of her alcohol use, which may or may not include drinking giant bottles of rose in the middle of the day. In any case, the idea here was supposed TAu be TAu.


Draw a contrast with Donald Trump as unhealthy. There's only one problem with this particular angle from Kamala Harris. She still argues That. Joe Biden is in perfect health. She's the vice president of the United States. He's senile. She has the actual constitutional requirement. TAu invoke the 25th Amendment. TAu Ouster senile boss. They got rid of him in the race, but not in the presidency and So. She's sitting there watching Captain walks into walls over here and drools into his oatmeal. She's watching That dude be president and doing nothing. So don't make me the case. That, she cares deeply about the health status of Donald Trump when the person she's leaving an office, a person she fenestrated from his own nomination is in fact a senile dard.


That is a crazy, crazy thing. It's crazy. This is what they're left with. And So, all of her surrogates have also entered complete panic mode. MCC Kamala Harris thinks she ought TAu Get the job because apparently she's in fine fe, she's in great health. But it turns out qualifications for jobs. That usually require more than That. And that's why when you're looking for somebody TAu fill your roles, you need ZipRecruiter. Whether it's the Oval Office or your local school board, finding the right person for your job is crucial. The same goes for businesses. Whether you're staffing a classroom, a construction site, even a toll booth, finding the right person, it matters. Now matter what kind of office you have, one thing is for certain. If you want the fastest way TAu, find qualified candidates for it. You need ZipRecruiter Today, you can try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash DailyWire.


ZipRecruiter, they don't mess around. Their smart technology starts showing your job. TAu qualify candidates immediately. It's like the free market of job hunting efficient and effective with ZipRecruiter, you can even invite top candidates TAu apply for your job, encouraging them TAu apply sooner. Want faster hiring for your office? Choose ZipRecruiter. You have four outta five employers who post on ZipRecruiter Get, a quality candidate within the very first day. Go TAu this exclusive web address and try it for free. ZipRecruiter dot com slash Daily Wire. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash Daily. Wire ZipRecruiter is indeed the smartest way TAu hire. Go check them out again right now at ZipRecruiter dot com slash DailyWire and give them a try. Also, Kamala Harris has raised over $1 billion since she entered the race in late July. She's the Theranos of political candidates.


Even seasoned experts are saying Harris' fundraising is unlike anything we've ever seen. While the Democrats are raking in cash, TAu push their radical agenda, the conservative movement is being outspent in silenced. But we are fighting back at The Daily Wire. We're dedicated TAu preserving free speech, defending conservative values, exposing the truth the media won't show you. We've been fighting the culture wars with films like I, Racist Uncensored ad free daily shows from the most trusted voices in conservative media and hard hitting reporting you're not gonna find anywhere else but TAu Win. We need you with us. Join the fight right now. Go TAu Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. TAu become member, help us stand up against the $1 billion Kamala Harris machine. That's Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. So the Democratic Party is in fact in freak out mode. This is why James Carville is relegated TAu calling Donald Trump a Nazi. This is always the last resort of democratic freakout is That.


You have TAu vote against Donald Trump because he's Hitler with seven mustaches and and it's pathetic. It's ridiculous. James Carville and this guy used TAu. Be the practical Democrat when He is relegated TAu saying the Kamala Harris basically needs TAu. Call Donald Trump a Nazi. They're Don. They they got a honest TAu God. Like if I had TAu put money on the election Today, I put it on Donald Trump fairly heavy When I said That, I didn't know That He was gonna schedule a rally in Madison Square Garden. TAu mimic the Nazi rally of 10 February, 1939. So we have That. They're they're telling you, and by the way, if they win, they're going TAu correctly. Say We ha we told you in election what we're gonna do and you voted for us.


You have greenlighted the whole thing. Yeah, again, He is, this is wild rhetoric. And they ha of course they have TAu do this. Of course they do. Meanwhile, Tim Walls has been relegated TAu saying, That free speech is bad. Now this has been his argument for quite a while. That That free speech is somehow a problem. If people say things He doesn't like Tim, walls ought TAu be able TAu outlaw it. Don't worry. The real fascist is Donald Trump. Here was Tim Walls over the weekend claiming there is no free speech guarantee for misinformation or hate speech, which is a ly it is not true. Of course there is. Of course there is. Who gets TAu decide on the issue of what misinformation is? Look, the the First Amendment is foundational. It's something I spent my whole life, the vice president, and I think most Americans are clear on this.


The point being on this, we're seeing censorship coming in the form of book bannings in different places. We're seeing it attempts in schools. The issue on this was, is the hate speech and the protected hate speech speech that's aimed at creating violence. Speech that's aimed at threats TAu individuals. And that's what we're talking about in this and the decision on That society decides on a lot of this, the idea of someone going on and threatening someone's life or a child's life online. I don't think any of your viewers think That That, that's misinformation should be acceptable. Oh my goodness. They, they man, they have troubles. Meanwhile, Donald Trump is winning. According TAu, the polls in outsized share of the black male vote. The polls right now are showing him winning about 15% of the black vote.


If That happens in this election, this election is over. He wins. It really is That simple. And you're starting TAu see a freak out on the part of, again, the Harris surrogates over over this. James Clyburn, who's the person who elevated Joe Biden TAu the presidency over, for example, Bernie Sanders He appeared on CNN over the weekend trying TAu convince young black men TAu vote for Kamala Harris by saying That Donald Trump is Jim Crow 2.0. This does not wash. It is not going TAu work. It is unbelievably paternalistic. If you truly believe That Donald Trump is somehow Jim Crow 2.0, I'm sorry, you gotta a screw loose. We will expect Project 2025 TAu be a full blown policy in his administration.


And what would That policy be describing on the first night of Our National Convention? And I've been describing it That way ever since. It will be Jim Crow 2.0. Okay? No, it won't. Meanwhile, Jonathan Capehart over at the Washington Post in M-S-N-B-C He was trying TAu explain why Barack Obama last week, we talked about it on the show, went out campaigning and then said, That, young black men aren't voting for Kamala Harris because she's a woman and their sexist, he's trying TAu. Explain That. Barack Obama wasn't trying TAu talk down TAu black men. He clearly was by the way, He was just trying TAu Get across a message. What? By talking down TAu black men. In the entirety of these 15 minute remarks, He talks about how, you know, the change That folks want doesn't come quickly because that's not how things worked.


And He walked through what happened during his presidency, what happened during other presidencies and So, you know, folks who feel like the former president was lecturing them or talking down TAu them or singling them out. I, I understand where that's coming from, but that's not what he's doing. Remember President Obama is somebody who rarely speaks out, but when He does, it is with intention and He means what He says. And he's trying TAu Get Get across a message. And the fact That He, it's rare when He speaks people listen, TAu what He says, And do they though? We'll find out in very short order. Now, really, what is this election about?


In the end, I think what this election is about in the end is a theme. That, I've talked about a lot here. Lions versus scavengers. There are people who wish TAu achieve in America, who wish TAu. See in America where you can achieve, where achievement is actually treasured and prized there. They're bunch premises, TAu, That, That, basic worldview. But lions generally have an approach for the world. And That is, it's my job. TAu, do my duty, TAu, support my family, TAu, take care of my family. TAu, go out and innovate. TAu explore the world and make it a better place. Right? That's kind of the line. Mental scavenger mentality is every failing I have is the fault of the system and the system needs TAu be torn down. And if you wanted TAu telescope this into sort of one incredibly colorful example, it happened over the course of this weekend with SpaceX, So, Elon Musk.


When He is not running Twitter and tweeting controversial things, Elon Musk happens. TAu be the signal entrepreneur of Our time. As a person who's been successful in a wide variety of enterprises, all of which have made the world world a significantly better place, Tesla has made the world a better place with its electric vehicles. They're awesome. SpaceX is doing unbelievable work in getting us TAu, other planets and also obviously launching things like starlink, which is a transformative technology. That allows the entire world, TAu be wired up. TAu the extent That, basically, Ukraine probably would've lost the war against Russia in the first couple of weeks if it had not been for starlink. And Elon Musk is also obviously the person who bought X, which has opened up free speech spaces, So over the weekend.


SpaceX did something truly unbelievable. And this is just cool stuff. I'm sorry. If you believe in humanity, if you believe That, human beings are an incredibly cool species. And when we put Our minds, TAu things in innovative and entrepreneurial ways, we can do unbelievable stuff. You just gotta be impressed by this. It is So damned cool So over the weekend, the Falcon Super Heavy Booster, which is the largest booster ever launched. It's like twice the size of Saturn five. It was launched into the air. The goal was, and this is something That Elon's been working on for a while, is TAu be able, TAu use the first stage boosters again. So typically speaking, after you launch a rocket, there's a separation between some of the boosters. That are on the back end of the rocket.


And then it's really only the tip of the rocket. That makes it, which is the payload. That makes it into space. And that's where you release all the satellites, for example. That's what goes into orbit, okay? But the early stage boosters, which are the things That are filled with the fuel. That gets the thing, TAu space, those drop off and they fall back down TAu Earth. And for decades they fell back down into the ocean. Maybe The, Wire salvaged, maybe they weren't very, very expensive because it meant you basically had TAu build de novo every single time you wanna make a rocket. So. Elon and SpaceX decided, The Wire going, TAu, try TAu. Make it So That. These first stage boosters were able TAu return, TAu their site of origin, and then TAu be reused, which is incredibly cost effective, way more cost effective than what was happening making these things fresh.


So. Over the weekend they launched this Falcon super heavy booster. Okay? This thing weighs 250 tons. Okay? 250 tons. It is a, it is a very, very, very large rocket a and this 250 ton rocket goes up in the air and then it is brought back down into what is called the Mecca zilla. You know one of the things that's fun about Elon is That He names all of his stuff, cool things. That, That kids would like So. My son is super into this. My 8-year-old He He loved this. He watched this like 10 times yesterday. So, the idea is That, the super heavy booster is gonna come down and it's going TAu be caught by the Mecca. Zillow, which is essentially a tower.


That has horizontal chopsticks attached, TAu it, and they catch the super heavy booster. Okay, So, they have TAu take this thing. That is dropping at half the speed of sound. They have TAu, slow it down. It's 20 stories high. By the way, they have TAu. Slow it down, they have TAu. Bring it in at an angle. Sufficient So That. These two. The problem with just having it land is That. It's So heavy. It'll fall over So. Instead, they construct this tower. That has chopsticks attached. TAu it, the chopsticks are gonna catch it directly out of the air. Okay, here's what this looks like. Landing, burn. You can see it's, it's burning and it's hovering. They, they make the rocket hover. Three raptor engines. It's So. Damn cool. We can see those chopsticks now.


Okay? And it approaches the tower. It literally slows down in the air. The thing is 20 stories ahead a building. Okay? And here come the chopsticks. The chopsticks are closing around it. That is So cool. And then it just stops there, right? And they can and it and it's caught So. It can be reused. Mez has caught the super heavy That is So fricking cool? It's So cool. Okay, So fair. TAu say Elon is a lion. Okay? But we have a society made up of scavengers and So. You have DOJ coming after SpaceX. Okay? That's been going on for a while here. Since August of 2023, the Justice Department has been suing SpaceX for discriminating against asylees and refugees in hiring.


They weren't hiring enough people who were on temporary protected status or something. SpaceX failed. TAu fairly consider applications submitted by asylees and refugees. They repeatedly rejected asy and refugee applicants because of their citizenship status. SpaceX hired only US citizens and lawful permanent residents from September, 2018. TAu September, 2020. These are the scavengers. Tear down SpaceX 'cause they didn't hire enough people with temporary protected status, illegal immigrants claiming asylum. Some of them That is That is the Biden. DOJ. Absolute scavengers take the successful and tear them down. Make the world an actively worse place because you just don't like Elon Musk.


And if you don't believe me, they're doing the same thing in California. According TAu Politico, California, California officials cite Elon Musk's politics. In rejecting SpaceX launches, state officials cited Musk's antics in rejecting SpaceX's plan. TAu launch more Rockets off the central California coast. Quote Elon Musk's tweet about the presidential election and spreading falsehoods about Hurricane Helene are endangering his ability. TAu launch rockets off California's central coast. The California Coastal Commission on Thursday rejected the Air Force's plan. TAu give SpaceX permission. TAu launch up TAu 50 rockets a year from Vandenberg Air Force Base in Santa Barbara County Commissioner Gretchen Newsom. No relationship TAu either Gavin Newsom or Gretchen Wi Gretchen Whitmer, which which means That.


Tom Wolf wrote this person's name, Elon Musk is hopping about the country, spewing and tweeting political falsehoods and attacking FEMA while claiming his desire. TAu help the hurricane victims with free starlink access TAu the internet. The agency's commissioners appointed by the governor and legislative leaders voted six four. TAu reject the Air Force's plan over concerns That. All SpaceX launches would be considered military activity shielding the company from having TAu acquire its own permits, even if military payloads aren't being carried. And again, they're relying on the fact That He did the mean tweets. These are the scavengers man. They don't like the politics of the guy who's changing the world with some of the most incredible technology in human history. Because He does mean tweets and So, they're rejecting permits for him. This dude is radically redesigning incredible large swaths of American life, including by the way, auto driving.


If you've tried the new auto drive on Tesla, you basically don't have TAu drive anymore. You type in your location, I have it on my Tesla. You type in the location and it drives you TAu where you're going. Why does That matter? It doesn't matter necessarily on in terms of personal commuting, but you wanna bring down costs. You know, it's an amazing way TAu do. That automated giant trucks driving the road, which are much safer than human driving. Like, all this is amazing, but he's got the wrong politics. Gotta tear him down. Meanwhile, again, you have Donald Trump who's out there saying, you know what? We're gonna make Elon the secretary of cost cutting. You tell me which party is for entrepreneurship and innovation, and which party is trying TAu tear it down in the name of Social Justice equity nonsense.


He's a great business guy and he's a great cost cutter. You've seen That and He said, I could cut costs without affecting anybody. So. He will be in the cabinet, not in the cabinet. He doesn't wanna be in the cabinet. He just wants TAu be in charge of cost cutting. Who have a new position? Secretary Of course. Cutting. I mean, again, one party wishes TAu elevate. People like Elon Musk and one party wishes TAu tear them down. In the name of what? Equity, in the name of proper politically correct politics. Absolutely pathetic stuff. The fact That Elon's even thinking about taking That job man. Isn't That dude Busy enough?


Well. Listen, we all have busy schedules. I'm flying around the country for work. I'm constantly on the go. Gotta keep my health at its very best. I exercise. I try Get Get enough. Sleep I eat Okay. Balance of Nature fits right into my day TAu day. Imagine trying TAu. Eat 31 different fruits and veggies every day. Well That sounds awful. With balance of Nature fruits and veggies, there's never been a more convenient dietary supplement. TAu ensure you Get a wide variety of fruits and veggies. Daily balance of Nature takes fruits and veggies. They freeze dry them, they turn them into a powder and then they put them into a capsule. You take your fruit and veggie capsules every day and your body knows precisely what TAu do with them. It's kosher, which means I can just pop it right in. That protein smoothie, which is why I'm ripped beyond all recognition. Go TAu balance of Nature dot com. Use promo code Shapiro for 35% off your first order as a preferred customer. Plus Get That free bottle of fiber and spice. That's balance of Nature dot com promo code Shapiro again, when it comes, TAu eating the fruits and the veggies very difficult. TAu Get the share That you need in every single day. Balance of Nature can help you with That. Take it off of your to-do list. Go TAu balance of Nature dot com. Use promo code Shapiro Get 35% off your very first order as a preferred customer. And you Get That free bottle of fiber and spice. That's balance of Nature dot com promo code Shapiro TAu Get started Today.


Joining us online is Laura Trump. She's of course the co-chair of the Republican National Committee has been since March, 2024 overseeing all the major races for Republicans in the country. LA thanks So much for joining the show. Really appreciate it. Oh my gosh, great TAu be with you. Thanks for having me. So. Let's start with the status of the presidential race. The President is according TAu, virtually all the polls running dead, even with Kamala Harris in the swing states. All the states are currently within margin of error, but the momentum seems TAu be with President Trump. What's your assessment of the race at this point? Well. That's exactly right. The momentum is with Donald Trump and there's no doubt about it. And Ben, you can feel it out there. You know, I Get, TAu travel all across the country and I'll tell you, I posted on my, my Instagram the other day, a beverage napkin That, somebody had sent That had slipped TAu me on an airplane recently.


I was in Michigan on Friday and I Get those constantly and I can guarantee you That Kamala Harris' team is not getting those sorts of things. These are literally messages written from people across this country saying, we love your father-in-Law. Thank you for his fight. We are, we're behind him, we're supporting him. That sort of stuff is organic and you cannot manufacture That. And I think the thing with Kamala Harris is That her entire run as, as the Democrat's nominee for the short-lived time That, it's, it's been happening, has all been just That, it's been manufactured. There has not been anything authentic about her. They came right outta the gate, tried TAu, prop her up, put all the money behind her, Get the mainstream media behind her.


And people initially were like, oh, let me take a look at this. And then when they realize there's absolutely nothing there, she cannot explain or articulate a single policy point at all. She just talks in circles in the word salads. They have all come back and said, Well, wait a minute. I remember how great my life was with Donald Trump in the White House. We had four years of That. I remember we had a secure southern border. I remember Our good economy, I remember That jobs were actually plentiful and people had jobs in this country. They, you know, there were no new wars around the world with Donald Trump in the White House. In fact, we had peace agreements in the Middle East and they have hearkened back, TAu That time and they said, all right, I can't afford my life with Kamala Harris in the White House. And I obviously can see what That has led TAu 'cause everything is a disaster in America.


They wanna Get back TAu the days of Donald Trump in the White House. And when you look at the polling specifically Ben, what it tells us, the fact That it is within a, you know, one point or two points between Kamala Harris and Donald Trump. You go back and look at polling in 2016 this week right now between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. Hillary Clinton was up up on Donald Trump by about six or seven points right now. And remember how That race turned out? You go back TAu 2020 and they would have had you believe That Joe Biden was almost 10 points up on Donald Trump this week. And yet we remember That race came down TAu tens of thousands of votes really across this country. The fact That, the polls have Donald Trump and Kamala Harris dead even tells me with what I know about Donald Trump.


And polling He is actually Well above That. He is outperforming everything That anyone ever expected. I believe we're poised TAu see a blowout election, a red map on November fifth. But we're gonna continue TAu play things like we're behind up until this game is over. That is how you're gonna win this game. So Laura? I think the thing That many people are worried about including me, is not President Trump's performance on the campaign trail or where He is with the American people. He has unique capacity. TAu draw in mid and low propensity voters. That no other candidate of Our lifetime has really been able TAu do. The thing That a lot of us are worried about is the Democrats ground game So the Democrats are, are very famous for having an excellent ground game. They obviously do things like ballot harvesting on mass. They Get a huge percentage of their voting base. TAu actually vote early. Something like 51% of all ballots in this election cycle might be cast before election day and that's supposed TAu break heavily for Democrats.


How confident are you in the Republican ground game? Can you describe what That ground game looks like, particularly in the swing states? Yeah, So, you're exactly right. We have played the game probably the wrong way on the Republican side for a long time. And the reality is, if they're gonna be playing chess and we're playing checkers over here, we're never gonna catch up TAu them So. When Michael Watley and I took over the RNC in March of this year, we said Look, we have two jobs at the RNC, we have TAu Get out the vote and we have TAu protect the ballot. And those two things really do go hand in hand. Obviously Donald Trump inspires people, as you just said, probably unlike any presidential candidate we've ever seen in in the history of this country. And He is gonna continue. TAu Get out the vote now we have 300 offices around this country.


These are, you know, GOP campaign offices all across the United States. We also have something called Trump Force 47. This is a way we engage Our, low propensity voters. That is important because we know this is gonna be a turnout election. Donald Trump always says we need TAu, make it too big TAu rig. We need TAu Swamp the vote Well. How do we do That? We engage with people then who are voters who we know lean Republican conservative, but maybe they haven't come out the past 2, 3, 4 election cycles. We have targeted those people. We are training Our, Our group on the ground, Our folks on the ground in these 300 different offices. Exactly how TAu go out and talk TAu these people exactly who they are, where they live, how TAu call them, how TAu knock on their doors and what TAu say, TAu them TAu make sure they turn out in this election.


Now you talk about early voting. That is something we've had a huge push from the RNC on from day one. That That again Michael Watley and I took over as chair and co-chair of the RNC and you've also heard Donald Trump say whether you mail in your vote whether you vote early in person or vote on election day, those are all great ways TAu vote. We want you TAu go vote early in this election again, go vote early in this election and then come be part of Our team Trump force 40 seven.com is the website if you wanna be part of this team, we'll give you those low propensity voters. The beauty of people voting early Ben is That then we are not focused on getting you TAu turn out TAu vote. If you go vote early, we take you off Our list.


Then we focus Our resources on getting those people TAu turn out who are really gonna make the difference in this election. And if I can just couple this with election integrity as Well 'cause I think that's also gotta be something That we address right now. We can never go back and repeat the 2020 election. Everybody had had major questions coming outta That. Millions of Americans said I I don't know if I can trust Our electoral process. And it truly is foundational TAu who we are as a country TAu be able TAu trust in this process. We pledged 100,000 people, That. We were gonna train TAu be poll watchers, poll workers and legal experts on the ground starting in March. And we said that's a lofty goal. A hundred thousand people TAu train, I'm So happy TAu report Ben we have trained over 200,000 people.


TAu do these jobs. Volunteers who are gonna be everywhere A vote is cast and counted in this country because That is how we're going. TAu ensure election integrity. We wanna send a message loud and clear out there That. If anyone is nefarious and has, you know ill intentions in this election cycle and you cheat in Our elections, we'll track you down and we'll prosecute you TAu the full extent of the law. That means you're going TAu jail or if you're an illegal, you're gonna leave this country. We wanna make sure people are not cheating. But we also have TAu. Make sure Our people know your vote matters, your vote counts, come out and vote in this election. Donald Trump needs you, the country. And really Ben, the entire world needs you because That is how important this election truly is. So, we hope from That perspective people understand the important Nature of this election.


We do have a great ground game. I'm very confident in it and I think you couple That with Our election integrity pursuit and, and I think That, this is gonna be an election again a red map on election night and I always say Ben, I wanna go TAu bed early 'cause I'm exhausted already. I can't do the 3:00 AM night. We're gonna call it early for Donald Trump on election night. So Laura, obviously the NCS also involved in a bunch of key Senate races across the country. I've personally been going out and campaigning with a bunch of these senate candidates, Sam Brown, Nevada, last week with Bernie Moreno in Ohio with Eric Covey in Wisconsin. When you look at the Senate map now, there are a couple of seats That look like are easy Republican pickups, That be West Virginia with Jim Justice as Well as Tim Shi He in Montana is looking very, very solid and, and then there are a bunch of seats.


That are, are very much in contention. That ranges from Bernie Moreno in Ohio who's probably up a little bit, but he's, he's certainly in a very tight battle there. Eric Covey in Wisconsin in a very tight battle. Dave McCormick in Pennsylvania. What do you make of the senate map right now? Yeah, look, I think we're in a really good position for That senate map. We feel really confident That, we're gonna take the majority in the Senate this election. And I think the good news for all of these down ballot races, whether it's the Senate, whether The, Wire talking about the house races, which are also very important in this election. 'cause look, it's one thing TAu Get Donald Trump in there as the 47th president, but we all know if He doesn't have a Congress that's gonna work alongside of him, it's gonna be hard for him. TAu, TAu, Get, a lot of things Don except via executive order and So. We wanna make sure That, we have all of these covered.


The great news is if you look at the polling between Donald Trump and any of these candidates, he's always polling higher than they are in their respective races. And we believe That That is gonna be very impactful for all the down ballot races. He truly will help lift all of these people up, Get some of these people over the finish line and obviously he's going out and campaigning and every time he's in one of these very important states, you see these people on stage talking TAu their constituents or who they wanna be, their constituents out there and and delivering That message TAu people. And when you have Donald Trump at the top of the ticket, it helps all of those down ballot races and So. We're feeling very, very good, especially looking at this Senate map right now. So stay tuned, but I believe, I believe we're gonna take back the Senate this election, Well Laura Trump, head of the RNs He, really appreciate your time.


Thanks for your hard work. I know you're busy, So, we'll let you go, but, but thank you for taking the time, really appreciate it. You got it. Thanks a lot. Alrighty guys coming up we're gonna Get TAu probably the most shocking national security story the last 10 years. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Code Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click That link in the description and join us.