
Hey Parents Greenlight is here to take one big thing off your to-do list teaching your kids about money with a Greenlight debit card and money app of their own kids and teens. Learn to earn, save, and invest. You can send money instantly. Set flexible controls and get real-time notifications of your kids' money activity, set up chores, and put allowance on autopilot to reward them for their hard work. Then learn about the world of money together. Get one month free when you sign up at greenlight.com/podcast.


Well. folks, the campaign continues to be incredibly tight. We'll bring you all the updates momentarily first in six days. Am I Racist, the decade number one documentary streams exclusively at Daily Wire Plus. That's October 28th. But remember, you need a Daily Wire Plus membership to watch. Join now and treat yourself at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. Use code DI for 35% off your brand new membership. Do not miss out.


All righty. So the polling continues to show Donald Trump with a small but measurable lead in most of the swing states at this point. The real club politics, polling average has him up by over a point in Michigan, has him up by almost a point in Pennsylvania, about 0.4 in Wisconsin, up by 1.6 in Arizona by 0.5 in North Carolina by 1.8 in Georgia. The, the polls are all within margin of error at this point. It's still a toss up race, which means that it's gonna come down to turn out, which of course is a truism. It's not just gonna come down to turnout. It's gonna be who has the better turnout operation. I'm hearing a lot of mixed reports from on the ground about the Trump turnout operation from some, I'm hearing that it's excellent from others. I'm hearing that it's not so excellent and the proof is gonna be in the pudding. But there's no question that right now Donald Trump has the momentum.


That topic of the conversation is everything Trump wants it to be about. Does Kamala Harris care about Normies? Is Kamala Harris trustable on anything like the issues? Will she be bad for the economy or good for the economy? Trump is a known quantity. That was always the drawback of Trump, is that he was never gonna get to 55% in the polls. It's also the beauty of Trump, meaning no matter how often you scream that he is outrageous and terrible, he just ain't, we're all used to it. There is nothing new that you can add to the mix about Donald Trump that's going to change anyone's opinion of him. Meanwhile, Kamala Harris is having to bring out the sort of arguments of last resort. The arguments of last resorts are, are, are the ones that Joe Biden was using. So Joe Biden ran his entire campaign on, it's not that I'm a good president, it's just that you have to, You can't vote for Donald Trump 'cause he's a danger to the Republic.


That was his campaign of last resort. He hadn't done a good job, but you can't vote for my opponent because there is a barrier to entry, and the barrier to entry is January 6th and Donald Trump being a dictator, et cetera, et cetera. Well, Kamala Harris had sort of avoided that. She suggested that Donald Trump was weird. He was a goofball. He was fundamentally unserious. But the reality is that now she's having to fall back. On the Joe Biden argument, he seems unserious, but deep down in the les of his small heart, Donald Trump is ler that actually Donald Trump's facial hair is just hidden. But if you could see beneath the lip, you would see a very small mustache perhaps too.


That is the argument that Kamala Harris is now making. She's really ratcheting up the record rhetoric. So she said the other day, yesterday, she says that Donald Trump is fundamentally an unserious candidate, but the consequences of his presidency will be so serious In many, many ways. Donald Trump is an unserious man, but the consequences of him being president of the United States are brutally serious. There are things that he says that will be the subject of skits and laughter and jokes, but words have meaning coming from someone who aspires to stand behind the seal of the President of the United States.


Okay, so in this way, Harris and Trump are most polar opposites. So Trump says a lot of stuff. I've said this for years. Donald Trump, 45th president of the United States, it will say on his epitaph, maybe 47th Presidents of the United States, he said, a lot of bleep, right? Donald Trump says a lot of stuff. He makes jokes about Arnold Palmer's penis, and he, and he says funny things about McDonald's, and he makes jokes all the time. He says things that are really outta the box, and it's hard to take them fully seriously because he's not fully serious when he says them. And even when he is fully serious. Does he really mean them a hundred percent half the time? No. But his actual policy is quite serious. That has always been the gap for Donald Trump, is that his image is sort of buffoonish and goof bullish.


But his actual policy is hard-nosed actual policy accomplishments are quite real. Namely a functional economy growing innovation, low inflation, a foreign policy record that is second to none in the Annals of American history. No major foreign wars, new peace deals in the Middle East, intimidation of our enemies, strengthening our alliances, particularly in the Middle East. And despite all of the talk about how he weakened our alliances with nato, that's actually not true. He simply requested and succeeded in getting those countries to pay a larger share of their own GDP toward national defense. So Donald Trump is a patina of Unseriousness, and underneath he's a very serious policy candidate. That is why he's running the way he's running in this election.


Kamala Harris is precisely the opposite. She tries to pose as serious, but underneath it is a deep unseriousness. Underneath this facade of serious politician who's talking to you about the context of the world in which we consider the issues that affect our lives in ways that we cannot yet imagine, Beit, that facade is total emptiness. She's a shell of a politician, and below it is just a vacuum. So I think that she actually has a problem on her hands here, because every day she betrays that, there ain't nothing there. There's just nothing there. Yesterday for example, she was doing a presser.


She couldn't even call on the reporters herself. Her campaign has to stage manage her the way they were stage managing Joe Biden. Here she was yesterday, you'll actually hear one of her campaign aide calling out the reporters because she can't do it herself On some issues. We just have to all be Americans and put party aside. We're gonna go to Colleen at the ap. Hi. Hi. We have time for one more, Andrea at Reuters for Yeah, hi. Why are her aides calling out the reporters? Why isn't she doing it? 'cause she's not capable. In fact, we are now learning that she has reduced her time on the campaign trail according to Breitbart. Instead, she's opting to prepare for an interview, interview with NBC and a CNN Town Hall. Now these are not things you have to take time off from the campaign trail to do.


They're not, these are not things that require extra time off. It's one thing to say, I'm taking two days off to prep for a debate because I have to study my opponent's moves. I need to do a, a sort of lightning round with somebody playing Donald Trump. Okay? Understandable. I get it, but I'm sorry. In interview with the NNBC means you have to take time off the trail. You don't like take two days off the campaign trail in closing time to prep for an interview with NBC News, which has been overwhelmingly favorable to you because you blew it with Brett Air on Fox News, a CNN Town Hall. Why do you have to, how do you prep for that? What does that prep look like? But here's the thing about Kamala Harris, she has to prep for everything. The reason that the left is so all fired mad because Donald Trump went to a McDonald's is because when Donald Trump went to a McDonald's, he was very comfortable in his own skin.


It's not that Donald Trump was masquerading as a worker at McDonald's, it's that he was showing respect to people who work at McDonald's and people who eat at McDonald's, and he likes those people. Kamala Harris is the kind of person who literally had to be prepped by her staff to do a small donor dinner. They had to put like a fake dinner together so she could learn to speak with humans without downing an entire bottle of rose underneath the facade of serious politician. There is nothing serious there. There's nothing serious there. And you can see it every time she or her running mate talk policy. So Tim Walls, for example, he was a Sarah Haynes and he was asked to name differences with Joe Biden on policy is on the View, you know, the great political interview show the view Sarah Haynes asked him.


So how are you guys different from Joe Biden? He ain't got nothing. There's nothing there. Can you point to a policy decision over the last four years that you and the vice President would've handled differently from President Biden? Well, I think she's, this expansion on Medicare is something that I wished would've been proposed sooner. But look, they're, they're tackling the issues that they needed to. They came out of a pandemic that Donald Trump had left a mess for an economy with supply chains that were broken, Really? So it said nothing. You got nothing. We got zero zip zilch. So what, what, what policy proposals does she have that are so astounding and wonderful? Well, apparently she wants to raise the minimum wage. You haven't heard this one before. She's gonna raise the federal minimum wage. Here we go.


This is her big policy proposal. So there is a big difference between Donald Trump and me on a number of issues, including this, where I absolutely believe we must raise minimum wage and that hardworking Americans, whether they're working at McDonald's or anywhere else, should have leased the ability to be able to take care of their family and take care of themselves in a way that allows them to actually be able to sustain their needs. Okay, I'm sorry. This is policy for dumb people. You know, how many people in the United States are paid the actual federal minimum wage, the actual federal minimum wage, 1 million workers in the United States? 1 million out of the hundreds of millions of people working in the United States, 1 million are working at or below the minimum wage in the United States.


And by the way, those people are not 40 year olds who've been working for 20 years at McDonald's. Those people are generally under the age of 25, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, although workers under age 25 represent one fifth of the hourly paid workers, they represent 45% of those paid the federal minimum wage or less. Among employed teenagers, aged 16 to 19, paid by the hour, about 3% earned the minimum wage or less compared with just under 1% of workers aged 25 and older. So in other words, it's a starter job. So, so her big proposal to change the economy of the United States is to raise the federal minimum wage. By the way, there are state minimum wages on the books in nearly every state that are larger than the federal minimum wage. This is politics for dumb people.


But there are serious consequences to the policy for dumb people. So for example, as Heather McDonald points out, Kamala Harris is a wildly anti-police candidate. Quote, Kamala Harris has avoided talking about crime and law enforcement on the campaign trail. No surprise there. Since the George Floyd race riots, many American cities have descended into public disorder surveillance videos routinely document flash mobs invading businesses, assaulting employees, and stealing whatever participants can carry, including catch registers. Customers bear the brunt of stores defenses against runaway shoplifting like toothpaste, locked behind a plexiglass barrier drive-by shootings mow down innocent civilians. Urban violent crime has searched 40% between 2019 and 2023.


In an interview last week on the Breakfast Club, Kamala Harris made clear she remains committed to her previously stated view that systemic racism, quote, seeps into every part of American life and racial injustice is rampant in policing. Ms. Harris suggested that police murders have been going on viciously. She accepted a, or saying exactly that. She said as a US senator, she tried to pass the George Floyd Justice and Policing Act, a bill that would've restricted the use of certain police tactics and eliminated qualified immunity for law enforcement officers opening them to financial liability for contested enforcement actions. So yeah, again, her actual policies are quite deleterious to the lifestyle of the American people. And we all know it. Kamala Harris's policies are terrible.


They're just awful. This is a big election. Lemme tell you, there's a lot at stake if Kamala gets into office. Well, it's like throwing gas on a dumpster fire that's already visible from space. Here's what you can do.


Protect your savings by diversifying right now into gold. From my friends at Birch Gold, that is correct. From Millennia Gold has stood firm in the face of greedy government's, economic upheavals, and global strife. It can now protect you. Birch Gold will help you convert an IRA or 401k into an I RRA in physical gold. The best news, it doesn't cost you a penny out of pocket. Think about this for a second. In the past four years, while the buying power of the US dollar has been declining faster than CNN's ratings, the price of gold has increased 40%. That is not a coincidence. So here's what you need to do. Text spends who 98. 98 98, you'll get your free info kit on gold. Then you can diversify as the exclusive gold partner of The Daily Wire for the past eight years. You can trust Birch Gold as I do to protect your savings. Don't wait for the election results to start thinking about your financial future text Bens the number 98. 98 98 for your free info kit today. Then ask them all your questions, feel comfortable, and then start investing with Birch Gold text. Bens the number 98. 98 98 to get started today.


Also got a pretty busy schedule. I'm flying around the country for work. I'm constantly on the go. I gotta keep my health at its very best. I exercise somewhat. I try to get enough sleep. I eat okay. But Balance of Nature is a big winner in all of this. Imagine trying to eat 31 different fruits and veggies every single day. That sounds miserable and time consuming. With Balance, Of, Nature, fruits and veggies, there's never been a more convenient dietary supplement to ensure you get a wide variety of fruits and veggies. Daily. Balance, Of Nature takes fruits and veggies. They freeze dry them, they turn 'em into a powder and they put them into a capsule. You take your fruit and veggie capsules every day and then your body knows precisely what to do with them. By the way, the product is actually kosher, so I can take it, I can vouch for it. It's awesome. Go to Balance of Nature dot com. Use promo code Shapiro for 35% off your first order as a preferred customer. Plus, get a free bottle of fiber and spice. That's Balance Of Nature dot com promo code Shapiro. Again, staying healthy on the road during a crazy election cycle, it's not that easy. I rely pretty heavily on Balance Of Nature. You should too. Head over to Balance Of Nature dot com. Use promo Coach Shapiro for 35% off your first order as a preferred customer. Plus, get that free bottle of Fiber and Spice


Kamala Harris and people of her. I have generated, for example, the Daniel Penny trial. So this is the big story of the day over in New York City. Jury selection has begun in the criminal trial of Daniel Penny. Now you'll remember Daniel Penny, if you watch the show, we talked about this extensively last year. Last year, he, Daniel Penny, former US Marine Corps veteran, he's a Marine Corps veteran, and he was on a New York City train and a homeless violent man named Jordan Neely started shouting and nearly assaulting the passengers. And Penny subdued him and said they put him in a choke hold. He didn't, he put him in a submission hold and Neely ended up dying.


And now Daniel Penny is being charged. Penny was arrested last year. He was set free on a hundred thousand dollars bond. He is being charged for second degree manslaughter and faces up to 15 years in prison. So Daniel Penney's defense lawyers, they say, well, you know, Neely was high as a kite. He had a huge amount of synthetic cannabinoid known as K two. Also, they're gonna argue that Pennington actually apply enough pressure on Neely to make him unconscious. Must less kill him. Neely's in the choke hold again, they, they use the terms choke hold and submission hold, essentially equivalently a choke hold. Colloquially speaking is where you're compressing the windpipe.


A submission hold is where you're compressing the arterial flow to the brain. So it cuts off oxygen and then you knock somebody out. Again, the, here, here we have the tape, okay? The, the fact that this man is being charged for subduing a violent, threatening, homeless person on a subway train who's threatening others. And, and by the way, this was true. This was treated as a race issue. If you recall Daniel Penny, because he is white, was treated as though he was a racist. Despite no evidence that race played a part in this particular case, it's, it's Kamala Harris', law enforcement stylings that make this sort of stuff possible in New York City. Here's the tape, if you don't recall, you can see he's subduing him.


And by the way, he's not the only one subduing him. There are two other New Yorkers attempting to subdue this homeless person to stop him from getting violent. This trial, by the way, could easily become a sort of microcosm of all crime issues in the United States. If that happens. Kamala Harris has a real problem on her hands because the vast majority of Americans are very sympathetic to good Samaritans who try to stop violent attacks on people on the New York City train, for example. But her problems don't just stop there again, her policies are a disaster. As the New York Times reports, shuttered factories and trade deals help turn working class Midwesterners against Democrats with a high cost of housing due.


The same in the Sunbelt, the New York Times, Jennifer Medina reporting in the final weeks of a deadlock presidential campaign. There's no better place to observe restlessness than the stucco neighborhood that snake into the desert around Las Vegas. The median home price is $445,000. An increase of more than 50% compared with five years ago. Many once reliable Democrats say the issue has eroded their trust in politicians, which means turning away from Kamala Harris. So in the Midwest, you have people who have bled jobs thanks to the policies of Joe Biden in Nevada, you have inflated housing prices. These policies are bad. Again, she's empty on the she, she's empty underneath.


And then that emptiness has real policy consequences. That's also true in the Middle East. So yesterday, she has decided apparently that she's gonna reach out to the Jewish vote by going on the air with Al Sharpton. The only American in modern times was partially incited a pogrom. So that's, that's always an exciting thing. So she went on with Al Sharpton where she immediately pledged to push for a ceasefire. Now, Israel had listened to Kamala Harris in Gaza. Yahi Sinor would still be alive right now. She told them not to go into Rafa. They ignored her and they ended up killing Yahi Sinor. Here's Al Sharpton with Kamala Harris. How would you move toward a ceasefire? What do you think United States should be doing?


So first of all, Look, it's gonna be hard. It's gonna be difficult. But we have got to get this war over with. We gotta get the hostages out. We need the war to end. In fact, we're sending Tony Blinken Secretary of State out next week to go and meet with the parties there. And the death of Sunir, I believe, has removed an obstacle to that end. And so we've gotta work at it and we've gotta work at it through diplomatic means. And that's what we intend to do. But listen, the reality of it is that the difficulty of it all is not nude to any administration in recent history.


And it cannot be the reason that we don't work at it around the clock and be vigilant. Okay? So what exactly is happening? What exactly is happening is that she's providing space for terrorists to hold out. Instead of making a deal to release hostages. She continued along these lines. By the way, she's unconscionable what's happening in Gaza. Unconscionable for Hamas not to surrender. Hamas is still holding hostages unconscionable for Hamas to subject the entire Palestinian population to the wonders of its governance, unconscionable for the IDF to go and target terrorists who are currently holding Israeli hostages. And Americans, by the way, here she was along these lines.


I remember in Selma you made very strong statements about civilians being killed on both sides. And you, you stood up strongly on that. And I think that's a concern in all communities. Well, I mean, listen, the, the number of innocent Palestinians that have been killed in Gaza, it's, it's really unconscionable. And we have to be honest about that. And at the same time, listen, I will always stand in terms of Israel's right to defend itself. And we need this war to end. I don't believe you that you'll always stand with Israel's right to defend itself. You know who else doesn't believe you? Ya. Swar didn't believe you.


According to the Wall Street Journal in March, Israeli commando seizes a compound connected to ya. Swar is the leader of Kama. They found uniforms, vests, submachine guns, binoculars in a laptop. Swar messaged Hamas officials urging them to refuse a hostage deal. Hamas had the upper hand in negotiations, as Swar said, setting internal political divisions within Israel, cracks in Netanyahu's wartime coalition and mounting us pressure to alleviate the suffering in Gaza. Yes, that's right. Kamala Harris and Joe Biden somehow achieved the signal feat of strengthening the hand of Yasir. Truly incredible stuff from this absolutely empty candidate. The good news is she still has campaign surrogates like Mark Cuban out there saying, you know, it's great that she's still flip flopping like that.


That's really the important thing is to recognize that flip flops are now good. You asked me specifically what are the things about her that I agree with that I support. I told you I didnt support the Filibuster. No, I was asking what other things I was asking what other things that she's proposed in the past would cause you to campaign against her if she went through with it. Oh yeah. I mean, look what she did four years ago. Just like Donald Trump and the oil thing. I mean, there's lots of things you know, that candidates change over a period of years. That's one of the great things about Kamala Harris. She's not an ideolog, okay? She's open-minded. That's why she's changed. Donald Trump thinks he knows everything. He doesn't change. Okay? So the fact that she's wildly dishonest and shifts all of her positions, but only for the press, that's a good thing according to Mark Cuban.


That's right folks. So Kamala Harris, she's kinda like a bizarre layer cake of, of terrible. So you have the surface politician, she pretends to be a serious politician. She really is not. And underneath you have a vacuum. And underneath the vacuum you have the effect of some really, really bad policy, a terrible layer cake. But it's her image that they're trying to burnish the problem for Kamala Harris that her image is starting to fall apart. 'cause it turns out that once you get past the joy of Joe Biden not being the nominee ain't nothing there. So Al Sharpton is trying to reinvigorate the joy for Kamala Harris by accusing men of being sexist for not backing Kamala Harris. Do you think some of the resistance of some men black and white is misogynist?


And are you proud to see that most Americans is even being polled, have no problem supporting a woman at all? And I'm one that lived from Shirley de Kamala in terms of these campaigns And it's, it, I I have a, an emotional reaction to you raising the point of Shirley Chisholm because it is on her broad shoulders that I stand. And so many of us stand and we have come a long way to your point. And on your specific point about including the, the fact that I have the support of countless black men who are in elected positions, including I'm just this afternoon and two church visits today with the the mayor of Atlanta.


That being said, I think that you are absolutely right, that there is this narrative about what kind of support we are receiving from black men that it's just not panning out. Well, I guess the pitch is that you're sexist if you don't support Harris. That that's the kind of argument that I think puts people to sleep.


But you know what, when it comes to your actual sleep, it might not be working out that well for you if you got a bad mattress. So here's the thing, I got a solution. It's called Helix. Now I don't endorse products slightly. Helix has changed my life for the better. They've got a whole lineup of mattresses, 20 different options to be exact. You've got Deluxe. For those of you who like to feel like you're sleeping on a cloud, the elite for when you wanna take your sleep game to the next level. Even the Helix Plus for our friends who need a little bit of extra support. Plus you don't need a degree in ology to figure out which one is right for you. Just take their sleep quiz. I took it myself. They matched me with a medium firm mattress, which is great since I get back pain. If the mattress is too soft, get this Helix delivers your personalized sleep solution directly to your door, no hassle, no fuss, just pure comfort shipped straight to you. Plus they're so confident in their product, they give you a hundred nights to try it out. If that wasn't enough, there's a 10 to 15 year warranty. Talk about standing behind your product. So if you wanna sleep the way that I do, like a newborn babe, head on over to Helix sleep.com/ BEN. Take the sleep quiz plus Helix is offering up to 20% off all mattress orders. Just head on over to Helix sleep.com/ BEN. That's Helix sleep.com/ BEN. With Helix, better sleep starts right now.


Also, you may have noticed it's election season, which means it's time to choose the person we think is the best candidate for office. But let's be honest, choosing the right candidate for any office is a huge undertaking. Whether we're talking the Oval Office or your local school board, finding the right person for the job is actually pretty critical. That's even more true for your business. Whether you're staffing a classroom, a construction site, even a toll booth, finding the right person actually matters an awful lot. Now, no matter what kind of office you have, one thing is for certain. If you want the fastest way to find qualified candidates, you need ZipRecruiter today. You can try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash DailyWire. ZipRecruiter doesn't mess around. Their smart technology starts showing your job to qualified candidates immediately. It's like the free market of job hunting efficient and effective with ZipRecruiter. You can even invite top candidates to apply for your job, encouraging them to apply sooner. You want faster hiring for your office. Choose ZipRecruiter. See I have four outta five employers to post on ZipRecruiter. to get a quality candidate within day one, go to this exclusive web address, try it for free ZipRecruiter dot com slash DailyWire. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash Daily. Wire, we're using ZipRecruiter ourselves for years here at Daily Wire, you should do the same. ZipRecruiter is the smartest way to hire.


Okay? So again, the idea underneath there is that you're a sexist if you don't back Kamala Harris, that that is something that's also being pushed by columnists for the New York Times today named John Dela Volpi, the director of Polley at the Harvard Kennedy School Institute of Politics, who conducts polls for PACS that support Harris and Biden. He's trying to figure out why young men are turning away from Kamala Harris. And his answer is because Donald Trump is a mean bad man and men are bad. Mean quote, Mr. Trump has tapped male anxieties by weaving a hyper-masculine message of strength and defiance into his broader narrative that undermines confidence in democratic institutions. And it's working aware that boasting about killing Roe versus Wade drove away young women. Mr. Trump zeroed in on campaigning on a larger shale of the young male vote in four years.


He cut was what was once a 19 percentage point Democratic margin among registered young male voters, roughly in half in our poll, his playbook, a masterclass in bro whispering, championing crypto, securing the endorsement of Dave Portnoy, giving the UFC President Dana White, who embodies the alpha male archetype appealing to many young men, a prime spot at the RNC. He has also cultivated relationships with simpatico comedians, pranksters influencers, and Silicon Valley billionaires like Elon Musk. Okay, well, I mean there is another reason why Donald Trump is appealing young men and it's 'cause he doesn't hate young men. That would be the really big reason here. It turns out that Kamala Harris is not a unifying image. She has one particular type of image and that is female-centric.


And that's not exactly great. And bringing out Brandon Johnson, the mayor of Chicago, to claim that she has earned his vote as a black man, eh, it should not make the Democratic Party particularly sanguine about their hopes with men. Generally. The Vice President Kamala Harris has earned my vote as a black man and she has earned the vote and support of black men across this country. One thing that I know for sure as a black man is that we, we always recognize our responsibility and role in this democracy, providing, preparing and protecting. And that's really what this moment is about, is about providing real opportunities for black men, but all Americans to have a right to, to to healthcare, mental healthcare and good paying jobs, protecting our democracy.


Right? You know, we're talking about the former president who made it very clear if you vote for him, you don't ever have to vote ever again as a black man, you don't have to dog whistle. I know exactly what he's saying. No you don't because he never said that. That's ridiculous. But you know, this is the pitch. And so in the end as always, the Democratic party is forced to fall back on its core position, which is don't vote for Kamala Harris, just don't vote for Donald Trump because again, he's a bad, bad orange fascist. Al Sharpton was doing this, he suggested Trump's rhetoric makes it more dangerous to be an American. Again, this guy is responsible for making race relations in the country significantly worse, including exacerbating already ongoing race riots.


And here he is explaining Donald Trump's rhetoric makes things more dangerous in the United States. People that were in his cabinet and that was in his circle of saying, don't vote for him. This is how he believes. This is how he acts, which is a real threat to all of us that have opposed him. You know, I I, I was one stabbed leading a march. So I take that seriously when I, I've called Joe and said, you better watch security because you're dealing with a man who himself faced two assassination attempts. You would think he would be careful about trying to demonize and target people. Public figures that may be a, you may disagree with.


Because when people hear that rhetoric, some people can say he's right, they're the enemy and they may do anything. So not only do you have to fear government, you have to fear people that will take things into their own hands, including the people that tried to assassinate him. It, it raises the likelihood of a dangerous environment and we should not belittle that in any way on either side of these political debates. Yeah, I cannot believe we are listening to Al Sharpton lecture us about conflict. Racialist rhetoric on the Wall Street Journal points out that this is basically the last vestige of the Harris campaign quote. The fascist meme is all over the place. An upgrade from President Biden's description of the MAGA movement in 2022 as semi fascist M-S-N-B-C interviews, earnest academics who draw a straight historical line between mid 20th century Europe and the 21st century.


GOPA writer for the Atlantic takes the hyperbole prize with a headline that says Trump is talking like Hitler, sellin and Mussolini. Why leave out Mao Kamala? Harris is also hitting the theme. Trump is quote, seeking unchecked power. She told a crowd this week in Pennsylvania, listen to General Mark Millie, Donald Trump's top general. He has called Trump. And I quote, a fascist to the core. The Wall Street Journal says, let's stipulate. There are many reasons to be wary of handing Mr. Trump power again. Yet despite all of those, he won the GOP nomination for the third time was headed toward victory over Biden and is essentially tied with Harris. Our tens of millions of Americans really falling for a fascist to take over. The answer is most Americans simply don't believe the fascist meme and for good reason. The first is that Trump was already president.


Whatever his intention, the former president was hemmed in by American checks and balances Democrats. The press, the federal bureaucracy were relentlessly opposed to all his works and they would be again. That of course is right. It also happens to be the case as they point out that many of the checks and balances that supposedly be put in danger by Trump have now been changed. The Electoral Count Reform Act makes a replay of 2020 more difficult. Democrats are, are not. They, they don't believe that trump's a fascist. I mean, look at the tape of Chuck Schumer sitting next to Donald Trump. If they thought he was a fascist, they wouldn't be sitting next to him. They wouldn't be making jokes about him. It's all a ruse. It is all a lie. It's also, again, why they're melting down over the McDonald's visit by Trump like that.


That should not be treated as something crazy and outta the box and overtly threatening. But the media have pulled out all the stops. How how much of the media pulled out the stops? Newsweek ran an entire hit piece on the McDonald's Branch Trump visited. They ran an entire piece suggesting that they had been dinged for customer conditions. 'cause people weren't washing their hands. So destroy the local small business because Donald Trump was associated with it. Or maybe you wanna explore the New York Times. The New York Times is now very angry at Trump. 'cause Trump suggested that Harris is lying about having once worked at McDonald's. Here is their fact check quote. Donald Trump has claimed without evidence that Ms. Harris never worked at the fast food chain.


Her campaign and a friend say she did since when is that dispositive evidence and that that's ridiculous. It's like, you know, I say OJ Simpson killed his ex-wife, OJ and his friends say he did not like what shouldn't she have to show like some, some sort of proof before you just run with the narrative that it's a lie. But again, this is how the press are Newsweek's national correspondent quote, the McDonald's restaurant where Republican and presidential nominee Donald Trump briefly worked on Sunday, failed its last health inspection documents. Joe, the former president, manned the fry station. The restaurant was closed to the public for Trump's visit, according to Midas Touch, went straight to work without washing his hands.


Employees not washing their hands was one of the reasons the restaurant failed its most recent inspection. So they're ripping down a local franchise because Donald Trump appeared in Bucks County at this franchise. Man, I, the the desper, you can smell the desperation. By the way, here's a woman who was served by Trump at the McDonald's franchise. She sounds pretty flattered that that happened. Martha, you was like meeting a friend. He looked us in the eye. He, the way he communicated with us, the way he greeted my children on the backseat, it was incredible. My kids were, I cannot just believe that I, I shook Donald Trump's hand. I'm not gonna wash my hands for the next few days.


So he just communicated with them his he, his looks and the way he shook our hands. Like he was very genuine. He's a genuine man. So there was no stunt over there. So the, the left has decided that their final, their final argument about Trump and McDonald's is that it's a publicity stunt because the McDonald's was closed so that Trump could do this. Well what did you think was gonna happen? He has secret service protection. He think he's gonna walk into an open McDonald's and then apply for a job. People are just, they're, they're a joke at this point.


Well Donald Trump, you know that appearance was genuine and it was fun. Lemme tell you about something else that's fun. Prize pick. It's America's number one daily fantasy sports app with over 10 million active members. Lemme tell you, it's the best way to win real money. This MLB post-season, which has been a heck of a post-season. Here's how it works. You pick more or less on two to six player STA projections and then watch the winnings roll in. Make your Picks in less than 60 seconds. Turn your sports opinions into real money all season long. It's that easy. One of my producers Jake, huge fan enterprise Picks for Friday's baseball games, Jake picked Soge Tani to have at least one walk and for pitcher Garrett Cole to allow less than five hits. I'm not sure I agree with that Last one. He's super excited to make entries on all his favorite players throughout the World Series. Now if you wanna play alongside some big names, you can find community plays. Under the promos tab you'll see entries from Drew Ski Joe Biden, MMA Champ, Sean O'Malley. It's a great way to see how your Picks stack up against theirs. With prize Picks, you can win up to 100 times your money with as few as four correct Picks pretty impressive return. Plus, with their invention of the flex play, you can still cash out even if your lineup isn't perfect, double your money even if one of your Picks doesn't hit. It's like a safety net for your predictions. Even have an injury insurance policy, if your player leaves in the first half and doesn't return, your Pixar is still live. It's almost like they actually care about their members. Here's the best part right now when you download the app and use Code BEN, you get 50 bucks instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's right, 50 bucks just for trying it out. So head on over to prize Picks dot com or download the app right now. Remember that's Code BEN on prize Picks get $50 instantly when you play five bucks prize. Picks run your game


Also, let's talk about something that affects those of us who are responsible hardworking Americans. Taxes. So that October 15th deadline it's passed. Are you prepared for what's coming next? If you owe back taxes, if your tax returns are still unfiled, if you miss the deadlines you file for an extension. Well now that October 15th is behind us, the IRS is going to begin ramping up enforcement and they don't play around. You could face wage garnishments, frozen bank accounts, even property seizures if you haven't taken the proper action. But there's good news, there's Hope Tax Network USA has been in the game for years. They know exactly how to navigate the complex world of tax law. They've helped taxpayers save over a billion dollars in tax debt. They filed over 10,000 tax returns. That's billions with a B folks. They specialize in helping hardworking Americans just like you reduce their tax burdens. So don't let the IRS catch you off guard and get ahead of this right now with Tax Network USA, their team of professionals will work tirelessly to protect your assets and find the best solution for your unique situation. Here's what you need to do for a complimentary consultation. Call today, one eight hundred nine five eight 1000 or visit their website at T usa.com/shapiro. That's 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/shapiro today. Do not let the IRS take advantage of you. Get the help you need with Tax Network USA.


Now speaking of the state of play, when it comes to how long it's gonna take to get these results, there is in fact some information on the early voting. So according to the Wall Street Journal, Democrats do have a clear edge in the early voting so far. But the kind of going wisdom is the Democrats are gonna have a super duper heavy edge in early voting and Republicans will really outperform day of. And it seems that Republicans are overperforming so far in some of the early voting. Apparently Republicans are embracing the practice of casting their ballot before election day more than they have in past election cycles. And part of that is because Donald Trump has now revised his view on this. You'll recall the interview I did with President Trump last week. He ex, he explicitly called for people to vote early, get to the polls, vote early mail in your ballot.


More than 15 million Americans have already voted in person or cast mail-in ballots. That includes 5.3 million in the seven swing states in the states where voters registered by party. About 47% of the early votes have been cast by Democrats. 33% have been cast by Republicans battleground. States like Michigan and Georgia aren't included in the breakdown by party registrations. Democrats account for about 49% of return ballots compared with 31% for GOP voters. But that is a, a much smaller gap than it was last time around when Democrats were 52% of all return mail-in ballots compared with just 24% for Republicans. So you know, reading the early voting is a game of tea leaves you, you really don't know quite what you're reading because again, it could be that you're cannibalizing your day of vote or it could be that marginal voters are now voting early mail-in.


But bottom line is Republicans are lagging less in the early voting than they were the last time around. Unclear exactly how this is all gonna map out. It's also unclear what the polls mean. So as the Wall Street Journal is reporting, the current polling data is an attempt to correct for the failures since 2020. But expert opinion is mixed on whether polling is in for a repeat of 2020, which the professional association upholsters called the most inaccurate performance in 40 years. New developments like the shift of black and Latino voters toward Trump and the proliferation of online surveys are now creating potential sources of additional error. One stand for university political scientists named John Krosnick says quote, we are headed for more disaster.


Courtney Kennedy of the Pew Research Center has tracked the changes posters made in recent years to address accuracy. She says she's hoping that they'll do a little bit better than they did, but of course it is totally unclear sort of whether these changes are going to be in the right direction toward accuracy or in the wrong direction away from it. Post-election analysis found that in 2020 polls understated the sheriff of white voters and older families. So ultimately cast ballots and overstated Joe Biden's support in urban areas compared with the actual results. Apparently NBC's pollsters have taken steps to address those issues. So that may mean an over adjustment. So bottom line is you have to treat this election like it's a jump ball.


Like you have no idea what's gonna happen because realistically ain't nobody got an idea of what's gonna happen. This is all mysterious. Anna's gonna take a while to find out what actually did happen. So bottom line chaos. But in the moment Kamala Harris seems to be lagging in the polls. She should be doing better. No question. Donald Trump seems to have the momentum. Well while everybody is very worried about the election threat, that is Donald Trump, there is one thing that is happening that is very clearly a threat to the credibility of America's elections. I'm not talking about foreign interference here, I mean that that's certainly quite possible in terms of informational dissemination by say Iran or even Russia or China.


That stuff isn't impossible for sure, but the idea that that's going to swivel the entire election is probably quite unlikely. The big problem for undermining the trust of the American people in this election cycle, how long it's gonna take to get the results. And so I'm just warning everybody upfront, this is going to be a disaster area, like a full scale disaster area. Here for example is Michigan Secretary of State, Jocelyn Benson. You'll remember her from such hit as I want to keep RFK junior on the ballot, even though he doesn't want to be on the ballot. She literally sued to keep a man who didn't wanna be on the Michigan ballot. On the Michigan ballot, said he would draw votes away from Donald Trump. Now she's saying that we will only have unofficial results from Michigan the day after the election by close of business on Wednesday.


On Wednesday. That's nuts. Okay, the state of Florida, my home state a well-governed state can count all the votes same day. In fact, almost instantaneously they pre count all of the, all of the mail-in ballots and then all of the other ballots are done electronically. And so boom, the poll is closed, you have results. That is a great way to shore up the credibility of your state. Michigan is saying it's gonna take them the entire, the entirety of the night and then all of the next day in order to even give you preliminary results in one of the key swing states, here's the Michigan Secretary of State. Real quickly the conversation has been, look, don't expect to know who won the election on election day. But you have said that your state will have everything certified ready to go the day after November 6th.


Do you still stand by that? We are on track based on our hardworking election officials and machines and voters to make sure that unofficial results in our state will be ready by the close of day on Wednesday. It's the same time they were available after the 2020 election. So we predict the same could unfold again, but we'll be there to make sure accuracy and security is prioritized over efficiency. And from the minute the polls close till we have those unofficial results, we'll make sure the public knows exactly where we are in the process and why. I mean that's nuts. And the longer it lasts the worse it is. Okay? If this thing takes days and drags out all the suspicions that everybody on all sides has, that's just gonna exacerbate.


People are going to eat each other alive over this kind of stuff. And it is inexplicable why so many states have failed to shore up their balloting processes and their ballot counting processes. So Politico has an interview with Arne Kin who's the head of the Fox News decision desk. He is now suggesting that the election is likely to be called Saturday. Saturday. That's right. The election is on a Tuesday. So it means Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday. He says the race seems very, very close. It is dependent on a number of states like Pennsylvania that we believe are gonna be reporting in a pattern similar to the way they've reported in the past. So I'd say the over under is Saturday, which is when the call was made last time, that's when Pennsylvania is likely to come in.


He said, I think we have to accept the reality. We don't really know how close this selection is gonna be. I'm pretty sure it's gonna be close. I see some polls that say actually it isn't gonna be close, it's gonna be one way or the other. There's some reporting that Trump is sort of gaining. Some of the polls have showed he's gaining. There's another sense I have that actually he may be declining. I think the real issue is what happens to Trump. I've always thought this about the election, it's less about who's running against him than it is about Trump. And then he points out that Trump's vote total in 2016 was 46.1% and in 2020 it was 46.7 or 46.8%. So, you know, he, he's right about all of that. But I mean the fact that we are gonna have to wait for days upon days to find out who won this election is going to be absolutely horrific for the country.


Truly bad for the country. And so again, I think it's incumbent on people like me to inform you that it's gonna take a while for there to be results so that you don't jump to conclusions just because it takes a long time to get those results. Also states that are taking this long really need to look at the voting procedures because they really, really suck. And meanwhile 60 minutes getting involved in some election manipulation of zone. So as you'll recall, Kamala Harris did an interview with Bill Whitaker on 60 Minutes. It was a complete mess. They chopped her up. They, they took one longer clip, they chopped it into a shorter clip for 60 minutes. They still have not released the full tape or transcript of her interview with Bill Whitaker, which is pretty wild. 'cause you know they would've for Trump.


Here was Trump the other day saying that they will subpoena 60 minutes his records. You say CBS should lose its license. Why? Sure. Well I've never seen anything like it. She gave a horrible incompetent answer on a news program. It's not a entertainment program. It's, they call it news. They say it's a number one news program. And so she gives an answer that was shows that she's dumb or incompetent or something wrong with her. It's so bad that the people at CBS say we're not gonna little do a little editing like the word the make it there something you understand. They take the whole ridiculous answer out and it was a long answer and replace it with a much shorter answer that she did having to do with a totally different subject.


The J, which he also didn't make sense but it wasn't as incompetent. The head of the C, they Don't do that that With me. But the head of the FCC says we would never yank a license really because a politician didn't like his or her Coverage. Well this isn't a politician, this is nothing. Wait a minute. She gave an answer, they took the answer. As I said, I've been critical of it. Listen to this. They put took just for your audience, you know about it. Alright, they took the answer out in its entirety and they put a completely different answer in that looks, that makes her look like she's normal, okay? Which is about the best you're gonna do. And I said, I think it's the worst thing she's done.


Now what we are doing is we're gonna subpoena their records because we wanna see how much else did she do? Okay, so realistically is CBS gonna have its license pulled? No, but you know what 60 Minutes did. They then issued a statement about all of this. They said quote, former President Donald Trump is accusing 60 minutes of deceitful editing of our October 7th interview with Vice President Kamala Harris. That is false. 60 Minutes gave an excerpt of our interview to face the nation. They used a longer section of her answer than on 60 minutes. Same question, same answer, but a different portion of the response. When we added any interview, whether a politician, an athlete or movie star, we strive to be clear, accurate, and on point. The portion of her answer on 60 Minutes was more succinct, which allows time for other subjects in a wide ranging 21 minute long segment.


Remember, Trump pulled out of his interview with 60 minutes and the vice president participated. So in other words, we get to cut her out of context and move all that stuff around 'cause Trump wouldn't do an interview with us. Wild stuff there from 60 Minutes. Truly wild stuff. Meanwhile, I spoke at UCLA last night that of course is my alma mater. And you know, it's always interesting to be back where he went to college. I have a lot of good memories from UCLA, that's of course where I met my wife. I also have a lot of kinda negative memories. The truth is not a lot has changed At UCLA over the course of the last couple of decades. In 2002, all the way back when I was 18 years old, I was writing for the UCLA daily Bruin. I was actually fired from my job there because they didn't want me to write a column about the extremism of Muslim Student Association. So, so nothing has changed.


Okay? And, and one of the things that I spoke about is the fact that on college campuses you essentially have a coalition of losers who are all driven by the idea that they have no agency that that people who are failures in life, it's because they have no agency. And this pathetic worldview is unfortunately really prevalent throughout the media. It's really prevalent throughout entertainment. It was even on SNL. So on on weekend update on SNL over the weekend, there was an alleged comedian whose name is Emil Joaquin. And he was talking about the situation in the Gaza Strip and he was trying to argue against the fact that there are a lot of people who make the argument, myself included, that it's ridiculous for LGBTQ minus plus people to say that they support Palestine when they would be murdered.


Were they actually in Palestine? And here was his ridiculous take. Like a lot of young people now that are like for like gay rights and women's rights will be like Free Palestine, free Gaza. And then people on the other side are being like, oh, oh, gays for Gaza, huh? Oh go be gay and Gaza. See how they like it over there. That's why we're going over there. Like as if that's why America goes to war. 'cause we love women and gay people so much. Like also if you wanna be gay, just stop bombing them. Like they'll get to gay, you know, like they're busy. They don't have time to be like, who am I in the deepest parts of my, like you can't, you can't watch your village get blown up and be like, I think I am bisexual actually.


Like that's my IL ever. We're spicy Gray. Okay? That, that, that's so of the dumbest crap I ever heard in my entire life. So first of all, it's not that all of the democracies are going to war to make places gay is that if you want to know the values of the Gaza Strip that you are arguing on behalf of, perhaps you should look at the values of the Gaza Strip that you are arguing on behalf of. I mean that that's just the reality of the situation. But no underlying all of this is this idea that people in the region are just, things are just sort of randomly happening to them. That then when it comes to the Gaza Strip, no one was involved in Hamas. No one was friendly with Hamas. Nobody actually cared what happened with Hamas. They, they were all just, they were just experiencing their lives and then bombs started falling on them from Israel, which of course is ridiculous.


That is not what happened. The lack of agency is one of the most frustrating things about the characterization of nearly every conflict, domestic and foreign these days. This idea that if somebody does something wrong, it's not 'cause they did something wrong, it's because the system wronged them in some way. This came to a head a little bit last night during my speech at UCLA as a kid who got up, seemed like a nice enough kid from Biola University, and this kid started asking about the situation in Gaza and asked me if I was, if I would condone the activities of the Israeli government in the Gaza trip, to which I said, well, yes, I mean, it's a militarily defensive action to destroy a terrorist group. Here's what it sounded like. I wanna ask you, as an American Jew, how can you continue to condone the actions of the Israeli government condoned by the US government in the Gaza Strip where over 40,000 people have died, including Palestinians and Israelis in large numbers of children and civilians.


How can you continue to condone those actions? Okay, So, okay, hold on. I wanna, I wanna correct you. I don't just condone the actions of the Israeli defense forces in the Israeli government. I celebrate and loud them. I'm not morally apathetic about what's happening On October seventh, Hamas launched the most deadly war on Jews since the Holocaust. They killed 1200 innocent people. They took 250 hostages. A hundred of them are still being held hostage. I know members of families of hostages who are still being held American citizens, Hamas, could end this war today. By surrendering, they have chosen not to surrender. Instead, they spend billions of dollars building terror tunnels below civilian areas.


It's not incumbent on the Israeli government to surrender just because terrorists are evil enough to hide behind civilians. The Israeli government has gone through such extraordinary efforts not to kill civilians, that it has managed the best civilian to terrorist kill ratio in the history of urban warfare. And it is not close. I personally know soldiers who have gone door to door in the Gaza Strip, who have risked their own lives to prevent civilian death. Israel has complete and utter air superiority over the Gaza Strip. Turns out that Hamas doesn't have an air force. They just had a series of series of tunnels where they hit all their leadership while their people suffered after their people voted for them, and then they effectively established dictatorship over the course of the last 20 years, Israel, with their complete air superiority certainly would've had the ability to commit full scale human atrocities had they wanted to, they have complete air superiority.


They could have used F 30 fives and simply turned the place into a parking lot. They did not in fact do that. They moved vast scales of population. In fact, believe it or not, there have been more births in the Gaza Strip since the beginning of this war than there, than there have been deaths in the Gaza Strip from the war itself. That is a very poor way to conduct a genocide. Israel is being more meticulous in the conduct of this war than any army in human history and certainly than the United States Army in its vast role in the history of, of urban combat. That is, that is uncontested. What would Israel, what is Israel supposed to do? Simply say that you get to play tag. You take Israeli citizens, you kill 1200 people, you hide behind a baby, you hide behind a civilian, and now Israel has to preemptively surrender. That is a great way to make sure that terrorists always win.


What Israel has done ought to be celebrated by the western world because they've demonstrated that if terrorists decide to launch a war, they cannot win. They'll be eviscerated from the face of the earth as they ought to be. Again, the central premise for the entire left, and this is true across so many different issues, is that people don't have agency so long as they are unsuccessful. That lack of success is due to lack of agency rather than to making poor decisions. And that isn't true at all. Because what that also suggests is that success is not due to people making good decisions. It is due to exploitation, and that isn't true either. That is an ugly, terrible perspective and it ends with significantly more human suffering.


Alright, coming up, we'll jump into the vta BEN Shapiro Show Mail back first. Get ready because in six days, the decades number one grossing documentary is coming exclusively to Daily Wire Plus. That's right. Am. I Racist. Starting our very own Matt Walsh is arriving Monday, October 28th, but you will need a Daily Wire Plus membership to watch it. We've made it easier than ever by putting our memberships on sale. Head on over to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. Use code DI for 35% off your new Daily Wire Plus membership, and my racist is our epic troll of the left. It shocked the box office with its success, but taking on the establishment is not a cheap enterprise. Making a movie, getting it into theaters across the country, that is a monumental, costly endeavor. We are doing the work. We can't do it without your help and support, so join us, become part of the team as we fight the left and build the future so we can keep standing up for you. Go to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe today. Become a member. Get ready for Am I Racist streaming exclusively on Daily. Wire Plus Monday October 28th. Okay, guys, coming up, we'll jump into that. Vaunted BEN Shapiro, show mailbag. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us. The question everyone in America is asking. Am I Racist. Make those moves. Get a Daily Wire plus membership to see Am I. Racist, This is all I have. Did you? Did you want to? I can help you guys out. Yeah. Go to Am I Racist dot com and sign up Now. I've been told because I'm a white male, kind of at the top of the pile. How do I get down from the top? I don't think you necessarily can. We get past all the talk about racism. We have to love each other, but it can't be that simple. How do we get to a point of racial harmony? It's good to talk to you. We're still on a journey, all of us together. I think you got some journey in to do. Just talk to me about the statistics. We have the epidemic, 20 million crimes a year, 6,000, 7,000 hate crimes. No, there's no epidemic. Why are we talking about statistics? This is not a matter of statistics. Well, wait. You asked me about the statistics. Am I, Racist coming to Daily, Wire Plus on October, 28th rated PG 13.