
Mayflower cigars. Where will the voyage take? You honor a legacy steeped in tradition and excellence with Mayflower cigars. Each vila is handcrafted, blended, and aged for, and until precisely the right time from dawn to dusk. Go to mayflower cigars.com today and see where the voyage takes you. You must be 21 years old or older to order some exclusions apply.


Well, Jordan, it's been amazing to be here in Jerusalem with you. So we were, we, this got started when you and I were talking about doing some informational kind of series and, and talks about western civilization and the roots of western civilization. I said, well, I'm going to Israel anyway later this year. You wanna come to Jerusalem and well, here we are in Jerusalem. You got the kind of central point of, of all of Western religion and, and one of the twin poles of, of what most people consider to be western civilization, Jerusalem and Athens. Those two poles coming together. You know, I, I've argued before and I know you've, you've argued in, in a similar way, but differently about whether, you know, Jerusalem or Athens is more fundamental or whether they're sort of co-equal.


But, you know, for, for me, because Jerusalem precedes Athens both time-wise and, and sort of spirituality wise, I, I do wonder if in order to even get to the idea of human reason, you have to first take on faith that human beings are capable of understanding the universe. That there's been a, a, a touch, a handoff between man and God. Where God hands man, something of worth that. Well, You'd think that would be the case if you thought about it historically or biologically, because it's pretty clear that human beings acting out religious presuppositions predates human beings acting out presuppositions that are rational by an immense margin and for hundreds of thousands of years in some real sense.


And so the, the narrative vision precedes the objective vision. That's for sure. And maybe you can't say that the Athenian vision is only the objective, but it's, but insofar as it's the basis of the scientific endeavor, which is really in some sense in the enlightenment endeavor, which is in some sense how it's regarded then it's, it's objective. And that's a, it's very interesting how difficult it is for people to think objectively. It's very difficult for people to think scientifically. Even most scientists don't think scientifically. They, they still think in terms of consensus. You have to be an outstanding scientist before you actually let the data modify the theory.


So The fundamental basis of, of science too, I think this is an argument that I make in, in right side of history, the fundamental basis of science is predicated on certain root assumptions. Yeah, assumptions. Like the possibility of an objective truth that's out there. One that the human mind is capable of grasping, and that's worth investigating. And all of that starts with monotheistic faith. And you know, obviously if you look at the surroundings and if you hear the surroundings, 'cause I, I assume that during dinner we're gonna hear the zen call. We'll hear some Jewish prayers and, and songs over here. And then you'll hear the bells of some of the churches going off that, that that sort of, that monotheistic faith is the, is the root of those faith propositions. Well, you might ask, you know, to, to what degree do would you have to term monotheistic?


And I would say you have to believe if you're a scientist in something transcendent and you have to believe in something transcendent that transcends your theoretical domain. It's outside of the map that you lay on the territory. You have to believe that encountering that is for the good for you, that it's a form of truth, that you could understand it and that it would be beneficial to people if you did that. And those are all pre-scientific axioms of approach. You know, Thomas Kuhn, when he wrote the structure of scientific revolutions, he was one of the first people who delved into what you might describe as the anthropology of science, which was science as something practiced as a, as a habit or as a set of investigative practices rather than as a body of descriptive language.


And when you train to be a scientist, you train as an apprentice in a laboratory. And partly what you're trained to do is regard the pattern that the data reveals. If you're seeking for truth as something super ordinate to the presuppositions that you bring to bear on the situation initially. So you have to believe in this transcendent reality. Now, is it, is it unitary necessarily? Well, you certainly believe that if you're a scientist, that it coheres and that it has a logos, because otherwise you wouldn't regard it as comprehensible. And then you also make a moral judgment, which is that can countering that is a good and that good will come out of it.


And that is a, that's a, that's a statement of faith. Right? You know, and the Frankenstein story is sort of the opposition to that in some sense, right? Is that, well, how do we know that if we continue to make contact with the transcendent object and update our knowledge that we won't just create an endless array of Frankenstein monsters because that's in some sense equally probable. But the scientist has faith that that's not the case. And I think it isn't the case if when you're conducting your science, you do it ethically. And, and that's an interesting thing too, that to be a good scientist, you have to act ethically, right? The, the, the science would, would not provide limits around itself. And, and you've seen times in history where science certainly did not provide limits around itself.


One of the first places that we stopped today was we stopped by the, the shrine of the book, which, which was the text of the cumin sect, which is unclear whether it was sort of a mainstream Jewish act, whether it was sort of a, a carve off Jewish. But these, the Dead Sea scrolls were discovered in these caves that are in the middle of the Judean desert, near sort of the, the Dead Sea. These things are, you know, go back 2200 years. And what's amazing about them for, for people who haven't seen them, is that they're immaculately preserved. And that the text in them when it's biblical text is either very close to our identical width, the biblical text that we have today. And one, one of the points you were making to me when we were discussing there is really kind of amazing, just that the, we find it astonishing that texts are preserved for this long or that ideas are preserved for this long.


But that's sort of the, that's sort of the natural state of things. When something's important, it gets preserved. Hmm. Well, and generally the, the natural state of things, the farther you go back in time, the natural state of things is that they stay the same. So, ache Elliott, for example, when he talked about, let's say pre-historic people, pre literate people, we might say that no matter what they did, so example, for example, when they're fishing, if they're fishing people, they act out the, the fishing activities of the exemplary fishing hero. And then that's just replicated across the centuries because we think that creative innovation is the standard mode of human being in some sense.


And that's just not true. I mean, first of all, this expansive global technological society that we live in now is only a few thousand years old at the most, it's 10,000 years old. That's not very old. We were, we've been identical to what we are genetically, at least in principle, about 350,000 years. And for most of that 350,000 year span, everything stayed the same. And so the rule is continuity. The exception is change. Now you might say, well, people forget, it's like, do they pre literate people have quite the memories in, in, in ways that exceed our memory in, in any manner of ways that you can imagine.


And because that's their primary, in some sense, their primary cognitive activity is remembering there's, you don't write anything down. How else are you going to correct learn to act and preserve? Yeah, absolutely. And so the shaman in, in prehistoric societies, they often have a vocabulary that's four or five times as broad as the typical vocabulary of the typical person in that society. Not unlike someone who's extremely educated today in some real sense. And they're the storehouse of the stories of the, of the tribe, of the people. And they pass that down generation to generation. And the, the only way there would be an exception to that is if you imagine that in one generation, a stellar genius storyteller emerged who could somehow update the representations.


And maybe that happens rarely, but most of the time, I mean, how many original stories does the typical person think up? It's like, none. How many books does the typical person write Fiction? None. Right, right. Zero. Right. So, nope. Yeah, stasis, stasis is the name of the game. And that stasis is the predicate to the change. I think that we tend to see these things as, as in opposition, but without the foundation of the, of the stasis, there can't be any change. And that's sort of the story of the biblical corpus and the biblical text, right? I mean the, the, the kind of idea that this stuff was preserved over a serious period of time because it was important. And so you better take change incredibly gradually that that change has to happen with the no, no revolutions rather sort of gradual evolutions over time.


Because you, you, you're playing with fire every time you decide to change something radically. Well, The rules, well, that's the thing is, so you can imagine, here's a way of imagining the structure of human, the human psyche, is that you have a hierarchy of assumptions. Now you have a hierarchy of cognitive modules. That's not even the right way. You have a hierarchy. You have a hierarchy of, of perceptions and actions. That's a better way of thinking about it. And you could think about those as descriptions of the world. And that's how a modern person would think that we think. But that isn't the way that we represent the world. We represent the world in some sense as patterns of perception and action.


And those are hierarchically structured. And so what I want to do, what I need to know is how to see the world and act in it. And then there's a limited number of patterns of seeing the world and acting in it that are gonna work for me now and me across time at the same time. They work for you now and you and across you across time and all the other people that have to interact. That's a tight system of constraints. And there are patterns that can make themselves manifest across that tight system of constraints that are then stable across time, lo logically. 'cause they're trying to deal with expanses of time. And those are incorporated in, in stories.


They're presented as the characters and deep characters and stories. And we're adapted to the pattern too, in some real sense. Because if a story captures the pattern, then it captures our imagination, right? It's because it, we've already adapted to the pattern that would guide us through social space in the real world. It's like a, it's like an an an unmanifest platonic form, and then a story will come along and hit that you think, oh, that story makes sense. Well, that's a whole, that's a very strange thing that a story will make sense. It makes sense, sense. Right. Well, so that means it has to find an echo, right? Because it wouldn't make sense otherwise.


And then you might think, well, it's the stories that really capture our imagination that we remember. Well, obviously we listen to them 'cause they grip us and the things that grip us, we remember. So the story, the stories that are remembered for very long periods of time are adapted like the dawkins meme in some real sense. They're adapted to the contours of our imagination. And that imagination is a manifestation of our even are even more embodied being. And so the stories have a concordance otherwise, why would you remember them? Exactly. This is the point that Sowell makes when he is talking about types of knowledge. And in modern society, we're very focused on scientific knowledge because it can be theoretically replicated or because you can test it and you can falsify it.


Although I would say that half of science now is not about replication or falsification. It's, it's about acts of faith. But it, the, the idea that so says is that if you have a piece of data that's been tied, tried and tested across various periods and across various locations, and that it works and then it's adaptive, well then what you've found is something that obviously is, is a valuable form of data that dispensing would be That situational general generality. Exactly. And would, and be a huge mistake to, to simply dump it. Then people wonder, I think in the, in the modern West, why people clinging to these stories. And maybe the question is better, why are you discarding these stories? What, what's so, what's so threatening about the stories that you feel the necessity to dump them? Why Not say that a profound piece of fiction is a story that has cross situational generality?


I mean, how could that not be the case? Because if it didn't have a striking cross situational importance significance, utility, you wouldn't find it relevant. If you didn't find it relevant, you wouldn't find it interesting. You wouldn't attend to it. You certainly wouldn't remember it. And so we have this idea, we juxtapose fiction against fact, let's say, or we juxtapose narrative against fact and we think of them as antithesis. Well, that's just fiction. It's like, no, no, you, you don't understand is that if the fiction's gripping it has, it's because it lays out a pattern of perception and action that's cross situationally valid. And so that's, and that's in some sense what makes the story deep.


It's, it's not the only thing, but it's, it's, it's definitely part of what makes the story deep. Well, it's, I think that's also why the, the stories of the Bible are so, you know, durable over time is because one of the things we were talking about is we went to the city of David here and it's uncovered, you know, incredible ruins, archeology that goes back 3000 years in some cases. And they think that they may have uncovered the palace of David. And we were talking specifically about the David and Bathsheba story. And so you may have been standing like right, where David looked out and saw Bathsheba bathing on a rooftop. And this idea that that story captures the imagination because it's saying something that's absolutely true about what human beings are and how human beings act. And the Bible doesn't sugarcoat Things. Well, it's a, it's a temptation of the king.


So what happens in that story is the king looks out on the expanse that presents itself to him, and he sees a beautiful woman and he's the king, and he thinks, well, I'm the king, why can't I just have her? Which is, and that that's not a, which is The which way it used to work. Yeah, exactly. Well, the thing is, if the issue there is if you were a king, why wouldn't you think that? Because obviously you're seeing something that well anyone would want, let's say. But certainly you'd want, if you were king and turns out inconveniently that she's married, but he's the king, so who cares about the damn marriage. And so he sends, what's the general's name, Uriah, right to the middle of the worst war around and just has him killed.


And you think, well, how reprehensible? But the only reason you think how reprehensible is because you believe, you have faith in the idea that the king is actually beholden to a transcendent authority. Because otherwise, if the king is the last word, because there's no transcendent authority, then whatever the king does is right by definition. And one of the things that's very interesting about the biblical narratives, and it's something that almost every western person abides by, even if they don't realize it, is that the, the, the biblical narrative is at least part predicated on the idea that the prophet who speaks the truth has the right to chastise the king. You think, well, where does that idea come from?


That's such a preposterous idea. How do you make sense of that idea outside of a religious framework or outside of a framework that at least accepts the notion of a transcendental ethic, right? Because the king cannot sin unless there's a pattern of ethics that transcends human kingship. Well, what would that pattern be? People say, well, I don't believe in God. It's like, well, But you believe in that. What do you mean? Yeah. Well, what do you mean by that exactly? Do you, do you not believe that the king should have a conscience because it all power game, right? That's just Well, that's right because then it just devolves into a power game. And then there's no ethics in the power game. The power game is Sure the king can take Bathsheba, what's the problem of, of course, That's the whole point of the power, right?


And that, and that's the story of, of paganism too. You know, when it talks in the Bible about man being made in the image of God. I think that what's really interesting is to compare that to, to texts of the contemporaneous period where if you read Babylonian text or if you read Egyptian text, the description of the king is that the king is made in the image of God. The king is a God in many cases, but the common people are nothing. The common people are just the, the chattel. They're whatever, they're not part of the history. And the Bible says no, every person has made in the image of God. And that's really a sea change in how we're supposed to see ethics. Because if every person is made in the image of God, then you're supposed to see the face of the other and recognize that that person is reflective of your face, which is why, you know, David, It's utterly revolutionary That idea. It's, it's an amazing idea. It really is.


And we take it for granted because we live in the product of it. And so we tend to forget, you know, what we're rooted in. But it is an amazing idea. Well, I ask people in my audience often if they believe that it's like, do you believe that human beings are made the image of God? Well, let's take that apart. So the first part is, well, do you believe that human beings can transform potential into habitable order? Well, do you believe people have free will? Well, no. Well, do you treat them as if they have free will? Well try treating your wife like she doesn't have free will and see how that works. Try treating your children or yourself that way. So I don't care what you say about whether or not you believe in free will, if you don't predicate your social interactions on that presumption, you are gonna be a tyrant or a slave.


Right? Right. Now, if you, if you accept that assumption, well then you can have reciprocal relationships between, in some sense, between, what would you call self-determining visionaries. It's something like that. And if you do that, then you'll have people around you that love you and you'll have friends. And if you don't do that, you won't. So the belief comes in the acting that out. And so, and do you believe people are of in, of essential intrinsic value? Well, the same thing applies in your social relations. You either do or you don't. And if you don't, well then you're a narcissistic Machiavellian psychopath. And so you can get somewhere with that. It might be better than hiding under your mother's bed, you know, to go out and exploit people.


But it's not an optimized solution. And so, and a lot of what's happening in the biblical narratives is an attempt to place a characterization around these underlying ethical patterns and, and to make them more clearly consciously apprehensible. This is one of the things that, that I think is so beautiful about the, the juxtaposition of the Saul narrative and the David narrative, right? You read when, when I read that section of the Bible, and you have Saul who appears to be a pretty good guy, generally speaking, and he, the kingship is taken away from him because he refuses to kill the king of Amalek and he refuses to kill the cattle and all of this stuff. And you have David who commits what appears to be a much worse sin, right? Taking somebody else's wife and sending the husband off to die at the battlefront appears to be a significantly worse sin than not killing the king of the opposing nation and, and the cattle.


And, and, but, but the kingship is taken away from Saul. It's ripped away from him. And the reason it's ripped away from him in the biblical text is because Saul's immediate appeal is, but the people wanted me not to kill the king and wanted me not to kill the cattle. In other words, his appeal is not a moral appeal about, well, the commandment that I was given like Abraham would make. It's the commandment that I was giving. It's, it's the people, right? I care what the people think his populist, he's a populist what the people think is what really matters. David, when he's told you violated God's law, his immediate response is to a tone and recognize that he's violated God's law. And that's why he's seemingly a ask man could a lot of, but is beloved of God. What's wrong with being a populist? Because you could say, well, you're supposed to attend to the will of the people. It's like, well, yes, but attending to the will of the people, or let's say attending to the good of the people is not exactly the same as attending to the easily manipulable whim of the people.


And you know, one of the things you see in modern, in the modern political system, it's got worse and worse as far as I can tell, is that politicians govern by opinion poll. Right? Now, when I look at that as a psychologist, I think, you know, it's really, really difficult to measure what people think. And you might think that you've crafted up a few questions about an issue, and that what you get as an answer to those questions is a reliable and valid indicator of what people think. But you have no evidence for that at all. So if a psychologist wants to make a diagnostic questionnaire, the first thing you do is imagine, I wanted to think, know what you think about Israel.


So the first thing I would have to do is I would have to generate maybe a thousand questions about the political situation in Israel. Then I would have to give them to a thousand people to, to answer the questions. Then I would have to do a statistical analysis to see how the question's clumped, because then I'd have some sense of what the underlying opinion structure of opinions about Israel is. Then I would have to take the questions that sampled that best, then I would have to ask you those questions, and then I might have to do it repeatedly. Right. Nobody does that, right? No one does that. Yeah. No. And so what happens is gets garbage in and garbage out.


And so what happens is the, the politicians pay the consultants to craft questions that deliver to the politicians exactly what they want to hear. And then they say, well, you know, that's what public people's Want to hear. The right. Exactly. Exactly. This is one of the, It's unbelievably, it's unbelievably useless. The, the, The, the Bible looks very ance at at people acting in direct opposition to a higher code of moral. I mean, people are just as capable of violating a higher code of morality as a, as a king is. The idea of the tyranny of the majority has fallen out fashion. Now because we worship at the ulcer of democracy, democracy with a small d obviously the idea just being, if the people want it, then it must be good. But that obviously is not true. True. Now You just look at Twitter and you see how true that is.


I mean, you can look all over the world at elections that have resulted in the election of actual terrorist groups. And, and the reality is that there's a lot of acculturation that has to be created before democracy begins to actually channel the best values of the people rather than the worst mob rule of the people. And everybody agrees with this on when, when certain iterations are given, right? You can find the, the most ardent Democrat in the United States who would recognize that a state level piece of legislation in 1955 that barred black people from going to restaurants. That was a populous piece of legislation that presumably was passed by a democratically elected body. And it was bad and it was wrong, and it should be struck down. But the, it seems to me that democracy has almost become the all purpose club right now when you have, it's an unthinking person's response to policy disagreements unless somebody's actually undermining the ability of human beings to vote.


Yeah. Well, it, it's funny because you do see people making a case for transcendent ethics pretty often, even if they're democratic in, in that, in that whim governed sense. So I mean, it's, it's a, an axiom of faith on the left and on the right, but let's say on the left to begin with that slavery is wrong. And I'm not saying slavery isn't wrong. The issue is why is it wrong? And the answer is, well, Is it wrong? People voted it so. Right. Well, right. No, it's exactly that. It's not that at all. Right. And, and we, we know that the, I I think virtually no one disputes the claim that despite the fact that in the southern us the fact that slavery existed was in part of popular expression of people's will, didn't mean that it wasn't wrong in any sense.


Right. It didn't help at all. It didn't mitigate the wrong in any sense. It's like, okay, well then you're saying that it's wrong in some transcendental sense. Okay, well then it must, it must violate some transcendental principles. Okay. And that means there must be some transcendental principles. And so Well, what are they exactly? Well, there's something like the autonomy of the individual in relationship to the pursuit of their own ends, something like that. Well, that's still not deep enough. It's like, well, why should each individual be ga granted that right to sovereignty? Well, because each individual is part of, what would you say that ha possessed by a divine spark?


It's something like that associated with the transcendental in some Right. Fundamental Made in the image of God, you might say. That's Exactly it. Exactly. Yes, exactly that. And I do not see, I do not see how you can make an argument against slavery except by walking down that road. Well, I mean, the, the abolitionists certainly didn't, I mean, that was literally the road that they, that they took in order to convince everybody that slavery was wrong when it had been a common feature of nearly every civilization in all of human history. Right. I mean, that, that is a, that is a radical shift, and it's a, it's an, a better understanding of the biblical text, which is I think something fundamentally conservative. Not in the American conservative sense, but just in the general attitudinal sense, which is that very often the good evolution is not an idea that came fresh outta somebody's mind.


It's a, it's a reinterpretation of an older idea that had been limited up till now, and now is being more broadly universalized. Right. The whole idea of man is made in God's image except for those people. And then there's a reinterpret No, no, no man is made in God's image for everyone. And therefore that Applies to, well, that's one of the things too that annoys me so much about this narrative that the US is fundamentally, fundamentally predicated on the idea of slavery. It's like no, human society in some real sense is fundamentally predicated on the temptation of slavery, but there's a strain of human thought that's at a higher level, you might say, or on a higher plane that fights against that.


And fundamentally, the United States is predicated on that strain. Right. And I think, I can't see how that's not self-evident, partly because it came outta the English common law tradition. It's not like the English didn't fight against slavery. Now people say, well, the English involved themselves in the slave trade too. It's like, fair enough, but so did everyone else. And so, I mean, it's, it's alive today, the lay of trade. There are 20 million people in bondage in different places around the world. So yeah, I mean that's the, the question is what made these places different? What made their ideas different? What transformed those? And, and the, the only answer is whatever the culture was that developed along these lines that in consonance with eternal ideas moved Forward.


Well, that's what it looks like to me. I mean, as far as I can tell that that insistence, that's essentially a manifestation of Jerusalem, let's say in this philosophical or theological sense that is the source of that idea, that radical idea of true individual sovereignty and worth. That's inalienable, that's also, as far as I can tell, that's you either accept that as the origin point of the idea that you have, right. Or you make it part of the social contract, which is very, very risky thing To do. The social contract is dicey in, in far too many ways, and also is not historically accurate. There was no point at which people got together and decided, we are forming a social contract now as an evolution from smaller social units in conjunction with, with others.


It wasn't like people actually got down and sat together and, and everybody recognizes this. It's a, it's a wild misread of Locke to think that when he talks about social contract theory means Yeah, it's A metaphor at Best. Exactly. He, it's, it's, it's an understanding that there's mutual gain to be had, that, that people are part of society as a, as a matter of their continuing involvement in society. Because again, contract means mutual gain. There cannot be a contract without mutual gain. But to read it literally the way that people do or Rousseau does that, that essentially you have to create a new contract where every single person signs on the dotted line and you have to do this generation after generation. That's not right. I mean, as bur as Burke talked about. Right. And this is, I think, particularly true when you talk about that's Way too proposition. Yeah. First Of all, for sure. Yeah. And as Burke talked about, the, the, the reality is that we live, you talk a lot about human beings living embedded in their bodies.


That we are not separate from our bodies, but we're also embedded in time, meaning that we are Burke suggested. We are, we are part of a, a contract not between the people who are alive today, but between the past and the future, right? We're a link in a chain. And so every time you suggest that, that consent is the only value that matters, you're forgetting about what you're standing on and what you have yet to build and what your children are gonna be born into. Kids aren't born into a, a desert island. They're born into a social situation that already exists for them. And that requires a certain level of gratitude depending on what kind of social situation they're born into, because it's what shields them from the darkness outside. It's also suboptimal to give consent to yourself to engage in an activity that doesn't iterate well for yourself.


And this is, I think, I think it, it, it's easier to become aware consciously of why you would enslave someone than it is to become conscious of why you would allow them to be free. And I think the reason for that is, is that the advantage to defeating someone in a one-off contest is obvious. And the advantage is every child knows this. Because every child wants to win the game that game and might be annoyed if they don't win that game. And the parent has to come along and say, well, it doesn't matter whether you win or lose the game, it matters how you play.


It matters whether you're a good sport and the child doesn't know what to make of that, because obviously it matters whether you win or lose the game. 'cause you're tr you're playing to win and winning is a good thing. And the parent then is outta things to say, because they, they have to degenerate. Parents have to degenerate into kind of a hand waving then. But the truth of the matter is, is that a game is a subset. Any given game is a subset of a set of games. And the rules that govern a set of games aren't the same rules that govern a game. And you have to play the game so that you're most likely to be victorious in the set of games. And so then you can say, well, if you're a good sport and you don't have a tantrum, when you lose and you don't get too triumphant when you win and you distribute credit where it's due, and you try to develop your teammates as you develop yourself, then people are gonna invite you to play all the time.


And then you can play forever and then you win. But that's way harder to think up than, well, I I want to win the game. Well, this goes back to something we were talking about earlier today, just because we're looking at an archeological site that goes back layer upon layer upon layer. And we were talking about the fact that Israel, for example, has a very high rate of childbirth. It's the only western nation that has an above replacement rate childbirth in, I think it's like three over here. And, and we were talking about why that is. And when you feel a burden of the past and when you understand that that burden is oriented toward the future, the iterations that you're talking about are repeated across time. And in the west, we, because we don't have kids, because we decided that we are essentially the last generation because of that, winning and losing is the only thing that matters if you don't have to iterate the game over and over.


And if you don't have to create a series of rules, well, that's The short look. The shorter the term, the more winning in that moment is the only thing there is. Right? Exactly. The, this iterated issue too is very, this is another place where Athens and Jerusalem meet, at least in principle, right? Because it is possible that the narrative ethic of love your neighbor is a reflection of the necessity for playing iterated games. And so you could, and and it's interesting because Sam Harris, for example, has been trying to draw a universal ethic from the set of objective facts. And there there is something about the constraints that are placed on how you act by the necessity of cross temporal iteration for you, but also you're the center of a concentric cer a concentric set of circles.


And the iteration has to be able to propagate itself across all those concentric circles. And so that's, that's a very tight set of bounds, you could say. Well, you could extract out an ethic from that, and maybe that ethic would look something like the narrative of re reciprocity. And that would be a place where the objective and the, and the transcendent would meet. And I, I think there's some evidence for that. You know, I mean, Franz Dal's work with chimps shows pretty clearly that the dominant chimp, which is a misnomer and maybe a Marxist misnomer at that, is the most reciprocal male in the group, and often the most reciprocal individual in the group, and also the best peacemaker. And that makes for a stable polity among chimpanzees. And they're, they have a male dominated society, they can be pretty damn aggressive.


But power, even among chimpanzees, is not a stable basis for either individual survival or for po political stability. So, and it's not a good reproductive strategy. So the thing is, is that the tyrant chimp will have sporadic mating opportunities, whereas the, you know, the completely dependent chimp that is crushed and defeated won't even have that. Right? So it's, it's not ab maybe the use of power does not doom you to abject 100% certain failure, but it's a suboptimal strategy at best. So, and you know, I, I think that, you know, when, when we talk about these, these iterated strategies and, and how you create social buy-in one of the things that we were talking about as we walk through Jerusalem, we happen to be here during the festival booths.


And we were talking about what the value of ritual is and how, my suggestion is that what Judaism and, and Christianity, and Islam too to a certain extent are, are an attempt to concretize the spiritual, that it's an attempt to take moral values. And then if Burke said that you can't teach morals and ethics, you can only teach manners, then it's an attempt to create a system of manners that are iterable across this entire group of people and create skin in the game, buy-in. And that allows you an enormous amount of freedom of thought. Because if you all agree that you're going to say, keep Sabbath together and keep kosher together, or if you're in the United States and you're Christian, you're all gonna go to church together on Sundays, and that you're going, there's gonna be a, you're not gonna go out to party that you've Established a minimum, an acceptable minimum of shared practice.


Right? And when you do that and assumption that that allows for the possibility of freedom. 'cause I trust you enough to know that you're not trying to destroy my ingroup, you're part of my ingroup by, by putting this sort of skin in the game. And, and so much of religion is about that. It's about, you know, the, those shared rituals that allow you to be part of, of the ingroup. And then the question becomes whether a, that in group is, is so exclusive as to bar outsiders. But ideally, you know, your in group should bind everybody together without being so exclusive that it, it creates, you know, an othering effect where everybody else comes the Anime. Yeah. Well, we, we tend not to think of belief as that, which underlies practice. Like, because we're so, we're so athenian now, I would say in some sense in our worldview, that we tend to think of belief as only descriptive practice, right?


Just description per se. Like here's the set of facts about the world that I believe are true. That's truth. And that's, and that's, but, but there's, there's predicate of belief that are, are what objects of, of, of faith, I suppose. But also they're part of what you presume to be true almost by definition, because you wouldn't act them out. And so one of the things that those who criticize the religious enterprise don't understand is that there are immense elements of it, perhaps the most important elements that aren't the least bit propositional.


So some of it is practice, what do you do? So how do you ritualize your activity along with other people, right? And then there's a whole emotional dimension of it. Well, they've called a prayer as part of that for sure, right. There's a musical element to that. And there's the attempt to instill awe that's certainly characteristic of let's say, great church architecture. That's particularly true of what the Europeans manage with their church architecture. And to reduce it to a propositional description, you, you make religion, it's, you can argue it out of existence as soon as you Do that. Exactly. And I, and I think that once, once you do that, pe people, again, the, the word embeddedness comes to mind, but religion is an embedded way of living.


And I think it's why the West has, has failed to come to grips with the strength of religion and the continuing strength of religion. So in the West, religion's been largely undermined in favor of a sort of secular materialism. And then everybody wonders, why are all these weird ancient people clinging to their faiths? And it's like, well, you've created a set of new faiths that seem not particularly wonderful, and maybe it is just the fact that man is a faith creature who's always going to seek this sort of embedding. And the question is whether you accept methods of the past for embedding and then gradually change them to adapt to, to current circumstances. Yeah. Or whether you're creating out of your own head systems of, of embedding to combine people in these forces and, and the systems you're creating out of your head, like most systems created from pure human thought are, are really bad.


That's not the way that most thought happens. We also think that, we also think that in the west, the, that the way we act is a consequence of the way we describe the world, but the way we act is actually a consequence of how you're brought up and your culture. Well, it's, it's also 400 years of enlightenment manifestation, right. Since the dawn of the scientific revolution modifying the ways we act. We think that we act because of a set of propositions. We think if we just tell other people those propositions, then they'll act that way because we think that's how we act. Right. And that isn't how we act. Exactly. I mean, and this is why, you know, when George Shelby Bush was saying, there's a desire for freedom in every human heart. It's like, well, maybe yes, but not freedom as you define it.


Meaning that, that George Shelby Bush's definition of freedom wasn't necessarily the definition of freedom of people living in Iraq or people living in Israel, or people living in China. Like not everybody has the same definition of these words. They have ways of life that, that they wish to preserve some better, some worse, some, not a moral relativist on this sort of stuff. But this, this sort of idea that there's a universal language of freedom that, that every human heart speaks, runs in direct opposition to the fact that there are a bunch of conflicting values in the human heart, and they are organized in, in particular hierarchies. And those hierarchies are not always the same. It was pretty cool to walk up the pilgrimage road with you. So this is something that they've discovered over at the city of David. They were their sewage pipe burst down in the middle of Silwan, which is an Arab area.


And they didn't tear down any of the Arab housing. They instead decided to dig, and they've uncovered this entire pilgrimage road that runs about half a mile from the bottom of the hill all the way up to the Temple Mount. Actually walking through history is, is is kinda an amazing thing. And it does lead you to the, the literalism and spirituality of the Bible. The, the idea that you're on a physical ascent to the Axis Mundi. And that, that's a spiritual sense as well. That the physical is supposed to mirror the spiritual is, is perfectly evident in that, in that road. And that you're going up and up, of course, metaphorically is towards the good. And so that's laid out on the geography. Then you have that metaphoric idea made manifest in the road, and then people can walk that and they're walking a spiritual path and a physical path at the same time.


And that is in some sense, the union of Jerusalem and Athens, right? The physical, we talked about that today too with the, with the discovery of the archeological artifacts. And so the archeologists who are digging here are using scientific archeological principles, but they dig up artifacts that are objects that are reflective of the biblical narrative because they've demonstrated that many of the people named in the biblical narrative actually existed. And so now they're nailing the, the narrative which was starting to float off in space, back down to the object that, and, and revitalizing the narrative as a consequence. I thought you made a beautiful point about this. We were talking about one of those seals, and one of those seals had an ancient name on it that's described in, in the book of, of Kings.


And you were pointing out that, you know, the, even the smallest things that we kind of discarded in our daily life may have ripple effects and resonances 2000 years into the future, or 3000 years into the future in this particular case. And that's, I thought it was a really kind of great lesson for a lot of people. Yeah. Well that's another example of that sort of infinite iteration. You don't know how each of your actions, or even your utterances echo, you don't know what, what you're doing when you launch them forward into the world. 'cause there's a spirit embodied in them in some real sense. That's certainly true of every sentence that you utter. And God only knows how that shifts and changes the structure of reality. So it's a daunting idea.


I I, I did get a kick out of you on the speakers platform over there, they've uncovered the speaker's platform, which was essentially, I guess the, the free speech zone of, of ancient Jerusalem. Yeah. I mean the, the, the idea that that people were constantly bickering and, and fighting and trying to remind each other of the biblical values, even at that time. It gives, number one, the lies to the idea that there was sort of this golden past where everybody acted well, because obviously that wasn't true. People were being chided throughout the Bible. But it also reminds you that, you know, dissents within the biblical context, dissent to the good was, was a vital component of biblical thought. So everybody thinks that the Bible is particularly doctrinaire. There's the Old Testament, and then there's a bunch of prophets. And that the prophets come along and they're, all they're doing for hundreds of pages is just chiding people act better and reminding them of their obligations.


And that's, that's a, that's a pretty strong form of dissent to a to a sort of docer ideal, supposedly. Yeah. Well it was very, it was very interesting to see the archeological dig of the road and to imagine that now being laid back out so that that entire pathway up to the Temple mount can be, well, it'll be underground, but people be able to walk on it again. That's really something. And to think that that was discovered because of a, a leak in a sewer pipe, and that was all buried underneath there and ready to be re excavated and restored. That's, that was really something to see. That's Jerusalem, your toilet breaks and you find a piece of 3000 year old archeology Yeah. That be speaks the, the Book of Kings or something. So that's, that's amazing.


And then, you know, we were able to go to the culmination of that, and that of course is when we went up onto the Temple Mount. Yeah. The, the hottest piece of property on planet Earth. Definitely the, the flashpoint for an enormous amount of, of conflict, but also spirituality. So, Well that was the tensest part of the day. Very tense. Right. Do you wanna Wanna explain why that is a Bit Yeah, I mean, so the, just geopolitically speaking, Israel in 1967 conquers the rest of the old city of Jerusalem, including the, the Temple Mount compound, the Muslims called the Oxa compound. You can hear the moin call going out right now from the, from the Oxa compound. And, and Israel immediately hands the keys to the temple mount compound to the Islamic wok, which is handled by Jordan.


So Jordan is in control of many of these sort of laws and regulations on the Temple Mount site while the, the Jewish, the, the Jewish state is in control of the, the territory, but that actual part is, is controlled by Islamic authorities. Islamic authorities dictate the Jews and Christians are not allowed to, are not allowed to pray openly on the, on the Temple Mount. You're not allowed to carry any open symbols of Christianity or Judaism up onto the Temple Mount. Your, your wife had to put her cross away while, while we were walking up there, if I wanted to walk in certain areas, I had to put on a baseball cap. You took a photo next to your wife and they were telling you that you had to separate from your wife, presumably, because as with the old Protestant dancing jokes, dancing may lead to, you know, So, So you standing next to your wife was a, a threat.


So, you know, it's, it's very heavily regulated. There are people who are essentially following you around, watching you to, to watch for violations. If you violate those rules, you could theoretically be arrested. And so it's, it's, it's very tense. I mean, it's, it's, yeah. Well, you could see up there, the, the, the battle between maps being played out on a territory itself. So the dome of the rock had been built over the, this The foundation stone, the Holy of Holies. Right, right. So, Right, right. And so it's the replacement of one center of the world by another center of the world. And that center point in this city is the temple mount. And so a huge part of the dispute that still exists here is what map is going to predominate on that territory or what assemblage of maps.


And even though that's a psychological battle, the battle is actually fought over actual territory by actual people. And so in that sense, I suppose it's, it's actual, as well as psychological, it's very interesting to be in a place where the map meets multiple maps are, are juxtaposed with the territory in such a self-evident way. It's such a troublesome way. Yeah. It's, it is an amazing thing. And especially when, when you know, you're in Jerusalem and you can just look around the city and you see the proximity, I think for people on just a political level to understand The Middle, East Conflict, it's almost impossible to do without actually being in an area where you see just how close things are to, to one another. I mean, we walked out the cotton gate, which is, which is in the Arab Quarter, and you walk from there into the, into the Jewish quarterback toward the western wall.


And these things are cheeked by jowl with one another. I mean, there is no separation. You're talking about areas. I mean, literally right behind us is, is Silwan on this area, and this is a, a largely Arab area, a largely Muslim area, and, and back here up there is a largely Jewish area, and they are right next to each other. I mean, they're in the same camera shots. And, and that has significant ramifications when people say, well, why don't they just figure out a way to live together in peace? Or why don't they just find a way to separate from one another? Why don't you split jso? Yeah. People always say that it's, why don't they just find a way to live together in peace? And the, the whole problem with that sentence is the just part. It's like, well, that's the simplest thing in the world to live in peace. It's like, is there peace in your family?


You think that's so simple. Is there peace in your heart? And then you're trying to get all you, you can make a statement like that. Well, if people just, you know, grew up, or if they just got their act together, they'd live in peace. It's like, I don't think there's anything more difficult to attain than peace For Sure. I mean, I don't even know if you can attain peace in your own heart in some sense, unless peace also reigns all around you. And so that might mean the peace that you have in your own heart can't even come about until peace is established everywhere. So, well, the, the, the, in Hebrew, the word for shalom or for peace is shalom, which also is the word for complete. Right. Shalom means to be full or complete. And so the idea of of peace requiring fullness that it can't be divided is, you know, we tend to think of pieces.


That's the thing you make between opposites. It's the thing you make between waring fashions, but, but you can't really, right. Then you think about it as a compromise. And that's also not true. Peace can't be made as a compromise. There has to at least be a fundamental to be agreement on the principle underlying it. Or peace is just not going To last. Yeah. There has to be a unity and a higher principle. You know, if you're, if you're trying to make peace with your wife, she wants something and you want something, the best way to make peace is for both of you to put your heads together and think about how you can both have more than you could have separately together. And then you have peace because people think, oh, that's a good deal. I, I have more than I needed and wanted as a consequence of that arrangement. And that's a peaceful negotiation and that's a very difficult thing to do.


So Yeah, especially in, in this region of, of the world is, is definitely a, a very rough thing to do. I mean, I think that the Abraham Accords are a great way of, of yeah. Coming to some of those agreements. It's, it's people recognizing that they have priorities other than sort of the religious conflict. We'll put that aside and we'll agree to the things that we can agree to and work on those things together. Well, we know on the Temple Mount, you can see in some sense, people of the three Abrahamic face are trying to fight out and somewhat peacefully, thank God somewhat peacefully, how that site can be wholly across three different Yeah. Traditions. It, it is important to recognize here that that only happens under Israeli auspices from 48 to 67 when Jordan ruled this area as completely banned to Jews.


They wrecked, they wrecked synagogues and churches. You know, it's, it's, it's an unfortunate reality that it's gonna take reformers in, you know. Well, it seems like they're making progress on that front in the United Arab Emirate. Right. They're building that Tri-Faith facility there, and there is some real attempt there, as far as I can tell. And this is part of the spirit of the Abraham Accords to think that maybe there's enough commonality between the Abrahamic people to unite them, especially maybe in the face of all the threats to that entire Abrahamic tradition that are making themselves manifest in the world. Well, that, that's the thing that, that I've been discussing with Muslim friends of mine and people who wildly disagree with me about things like Israel or Middle East Peace. You know, we've been talking about the fact that, you know, maybe the, maybe the true threat to religious practice is not the people who practice the other Abrahamic faith.


The true threat is an ideology that seeks to, it'll Just dissolve the religious enterprise entirely. I'm ready. Or, and it doesn't even, because what it does is, the thing is, is that what happens when you dissolve a functional religious tradition, which would be one that was at least capable of uniting people over some span of time, just speaking in the, in the, in what, in the least religious sense possible. You, you tear that apart, you replace it with some idiot ideology that can't propagate itself across time for even a couple of generations. You think, well, that that's not true. It's like, yeah, this is one of the things that always bothered me about the, about the new atheists. Like, well, what about the fascists?


What about the communists? I mean, those ideas sprang out of, I would say something approximating a secular humanism. It's like, oh no, that had nothing to do with Secularism. Yeah. French revolution. I mean, this has been followed. Okay, fair enough guys. But you had, what ha you had was the demise of one religious system and the instant emergence of a religious system that was so unbelievably pathological that it made the previous pathology pathological religion look like a complete paradise. You wanna have what you want, you want the czars or you want Stalin. It's like, read your history and you'll figure out that real fast. Exactly. And you know, again, I think that goes back to the idea that if there is a higher ethic to be discovered, and if it, if it is out there, if it's objective, and if that ethic has been revealed, and if it was revealed in Jerusalem, let's say, and that that's what Jerusalem represents, then there, that that higher ethic can't come out of us.


You know, I think that, that the, the lie of Marxism is that it was a discovery about the universe that would, that was objectively true and therefore would instantiate itself over time, naturally. And that, of course, was false. I mean, the predictions that Marx makes about economics and about what was gonna happen in history were completely not true. And It was well, and even when they were true, they weren't true for the reasons he thought they were true. Like the idea that capital accrues in the hands of a smaller and smaller number of people is sort of true in that a minority of people always tend to have the majority of the control over any given product, creative product. That seems like a natural law in some sense. You see that manifest itself in all sorts of domains that aren't merely economic.


But he was wrong in that, that was the cause the consequence of capitalism per se. He was wrong that other economic si systems wouldn't produce the same end. He was wrong also in that there's a, there is a 1% that controls 90%, but the, the people who occupy that 1% are constantly churn, churn a lot, right? A lot. And I mean, most, most clearly he was wrong about the commiseration of the workers. I mean, the idea that definitely that the workers would be commiserated. And so there would be worldwide revolution was clearly false. So the faith was falsified. So the, the answer was to change the, the nature of the, of the claim of the faith, that's for sure. Which was sort of lenin's Lenin's great discoveries if I just sort of pretend that, that the historical projections never happened or here's the reason why they didn't happen.


Yeah. And so they still might be fulfilled by a peasantry in Russia, which was precisely the opposite of what Marx claimed. He thought it was gonna be a middle class in or a lower class in Britain, in an industrialized nation who had been commiserated by working the factories. And instead it turns out to be much of serfs in Russia who are rebelling against the landlords. Yeah. It also turned out that people weren't comparatively commiserated by the factories. In fact, they were comparatively elevated by the factories. Right, exactly. And so, even though those factories, well, you could see what happened when the factories got established in China is the Chinese decided pretty damn quickly that working on a farm was, or on a factory was a hell of a lot better than perishing while starving under Mao. So the utopian creations of, of our own brains are, are significantly more dangerous, historically speaking than a, a gradual evolution of a well accepted system of ethics that result particularly in a series of commandments that can be enacted in daily life, you know, and, and significantly less fulfilling also, because again, all, all of the, the modern theory that's based on sort of the Hobbesian notion that what man seeks his pleasure and seeks to avoid is pain.


That's just not correct. I mean, it's not, it's not correct in any fundamental sense. What, what, what it may, it may be true on a moment to moment sense, but people routinely seek out pain in pursuit of a higher pleasure. Right? It it's Also predicated on the idea that what constitutes pleasure and what constitutes pain is momentarily self-evident, which it isn't, because sometimes the most pleasurable things require a fair bit of pain to attain. And so again, it's the problem of iteration is like, well, it pleasure and pain computed over what timeframe? Well, we're not gonna address that. It's obvious. It's like, no, it's not, it's not obvious in the least. And so it's just specious. You see this with these, with these arguments of that sort, that men pursue pleasure and avoid pain.


It's like you are acting as if what pleasure and pain constitute are self-evident are they're, they're self-evident descriptions of the structure of underlying reality. You, you've crammed all of underlying reality into those two, two words then, right? It's like, well, here's what motivates us, pleasure and pain. You, you divided the whole cosmos into those two things. And then you think, well, I'm just gonna accept that axiomatic proposition. You know what pleasure is then do you, it's like, well, that's not so simple. It's certainly not so simple psychologically. And you know, when when economists test out those predictions say, made on that narrow utilitarianism, which is bound in the moment, they find people don't act like that at all.


And the behavioral economists have demolished the conceptual, pre struck preconceptions of classical economists economics by playing, by playing relatively simple trading games, right. And showing, well, no, people don't actually act like that at all if you actually look at how they act. So, so I'm, yeah, no, I'm, I think that what, what being in a place like this really reminds you of is, is again, the suppositions that we make in the West about how human activity and human motivation are just plain wrong in many cases. Because again, once That's, that, that's the, that's the flaw of rationalism, right, exactly. Rather, rather than the flaw of empiricism. Yep. I mean, this is the, the, the sort of Michael Oak shot or fa Hayek point, which is that you can rationalize your way into anything.


And you, you believe, again, like you were saying, that, that what you're doing is for quote unquote rational reasons, but the reality is that what you're doing, you're doing, because it was most likely handed down to you over an extraordinary period of time, and you were brought up in it to the point where you are acculturated to it and to simply reject that heritage out of a, a fit of peak or an a search for individual identity. I mean, that, that's the, that's the real danger that I see right now is that it used to be, at least you can make the case, and now I'm gonna steal man Marxism for a second, but at least you can make the case that it was a search for a better world. That it was the search for a, a better form of humanity, communally speaking. We were all gonna live better together. Because if we commun, if we transform our community, then we'll transform the individual.


It's wrong, but at least you make the case. Yeah, yeah. Well, you could make the case that before it was demonstrated to be wrong, it was at least arguably plausible. Right? And now we've, because that failed, the replacement for that was not okay. Maybe we ought to think again about what it is that, that we lost. Maybe what we're actually thinking about is something, is something more, maybe what we're actually thinking about is maybe what we actually are thinking about is should be just ourselves free floating individual souls that are wandering about in the chaos. And that's what we should be shooting for. Forget the community entirely. Forget transforming social conditions. None of that really matters. The only social condition that ought to be transformed is the one that hems me in on an individual level.


Right? Well, that's kind of the degen, that's a degenerative liberal Protestantism, I would say to some degree that, so the only thing that's real is the ultimately atomized individual. And that's such a catastrophically self-defeating view. I, I mean, I see this practically too. I think part of the reason my lectures, I know part of the reason why lectures have been attractive to people is because I've been able to make the case that you're most likely to find the meaning that sustains you in life as a consequence of adopting responsibility and relationship to others. And, and then you can just explain to people how that works is, well, let's say you're really sick, something's gone wrong in your life and which is going to happen?


Well, hedonism isn't gonna save you then, that's for sure. 'cause that's gone. And then well, what are you gonna rely on to get you through that? Well, let's say you're alone and isolated and you've never taken responsibility for anyone. It's like, oh, good. So now you're gonna be sick and suffering alone. That's, that's gonna end well. Or alternatively, you know, you've put some time and effort into the people around you, and they're there to boy you up when the catastrophe comes. And all that's accrued through responsibility. And maybe even there'll be something to you that's there to boy you up through catastrophe because you've sacrificed your narrow whim based atomistic, liberal Protestant hedonism to something like service of your service to your higher self that iterated self across time, maybe across generations.


So you have some character to rely on when the storms come too. People understand that very quickly. If you explain it to them, it's like, oh, that's how it, that's why I should take responsibility. It's like, yeah, yeah. That's building an arc, man. It's, that's for Sure. It, it's also because you're speaking intergenerationally. I think that what, what really gets lost in this sort of liberal ethic that you're talking about, because it's so individualist, there's this peculiar version of, of what Marxists would call homely economists, right? The, the, the, the, the Marxist critique of capitalism is the capitalism is largely about individuals who act in their own rational self-interest with regard to capital. And that's not true. That's not exactly how people work, so, right. Well, it's, It's partly 'cause What do you mean rational self-interest?


Exactly. Right. And so this is the work of Kahneman and the behavioral economists you're talking about is to debunk a lot of that. And so the, the corollary to that is this idea that human beings are always grown up. Children are grownups. Like there, there's sort of in a rational individual that, and that individual is all that matters at the heart of you. And they're never a child. They don't need any boundaries. They don't need any rules. They don't need any structures. And so if we get rid of all that stuff, then you can be the true you. The true you, yeah. A 4-year-old can't be the true you, but you start to see this ethic creep into that. Right Now all structures are barriers right Now, four year olds and five year olds can be the true you. Right? The true you is, it's identified by mommy and daddy, of course, who can identify your, your rule breaking behavior immediately.


Right. But the, but the, if you actually want to bring up a Child all rebellion against social order is the true You Exactly. God, What a dismal view That is. And, and, and dangerous to kids because kids actually need these structures. I mean, what we're really talking about, well, Kids actually manifest those rebellious behaviors precisely to discover the structures because they're looking to be hemmed in, in relationship to their anxiety. So they go, they push and they push and they think, well, I'm hoping I'm, I'm hoping I'm, I'm gonna find a wall here because otherwise I'm in an infinite expanse. And they'll keep pushing. And if the expanse gets big enough, then the child is some sense just the child has no choice but to collapse in into himself.


That's what happens when a child has had enough. It's like, well, that's too much. There's too much choice. There's too much possibility, there's too much chaos. And it, that's a terrible thing to, to do to a child. They want, they want the domain of constrained choice. They're capable of mastering at their developmental level. And that's what it's up to you to provide as a parent. And No more challenge than, than necessary. No. And and this is why, you know, it's, it's interesting. My parents became more religious when I was a kid. They, they'd always been interested in religion, but they hadn't become fully religious. They became orthodox when I was maybe 9, 10, 11 years old. And one of the reasons for that is because my mom and dad basically decided there needs to be some system within which we raise our children.


And that system has to both make sense to us, but also has to provide a grounding and a set of boundaries that are behaviorally good for, for our kids. And as people abandon parenthood, the easiest thing for yourself, because you're your irrational adult, of course. And you can pursue your own self-interest. How you see fit is to abandon religion because it gr it allows you to, to pursue whatever pleasure you, you wish to pursue, but when you're raising it, Say whatever whim. Right? Exactly. But when, when it comes to your kids, this is where people start to get correctly defensive. And it's, and one of the great tragedies of the west is that as we've had fewer kids, it's tied you less to the institutions that are necessary to actually preserve the society. Because what preserves the society is how you raise your kids.


That's the most important thing that you do. Yeah. You're bound, you're not bound by the necessity of long-term iteration, which is the sustainability the leftists are always talking about. That's really, that, that's A great, that by the way, that, that is a great term. Meaning like, we're constantly talking about environmental sustainability. What about human sustainability? Well, those aren't even separable. 'cause if we destroy human sustainability, we'll absolutely destroy the planet. Clearly. Obviously, you know, we'll degenerate into nuclear war or we'll, we'll, we'll demolish the environment in fits of starvation and, and catastrophe. And so there's no, there's no, there's no saving the planet outside the truly sustainable human enterprise, for better or worse, we're stewards of the garden.


That's, that's, that's the nature of the cosmos. That's for sure. And I, I don't think that, but I think we don't, we don't think often enough in terms of how do you sustain human civilization? How do you, how do you maintain, or in your words, how do you cultivate, I think that, that we worry mostly about just walking around naked in the garden as much as humanly possible. And that cultivation is a real thing. Like that's, that's an amazing thing in Genesis, like the notion that you're placed in paradise, but you have a job in para, like, that's not the way that people think now. Right. If you're placed in paradise, the first thing you do is you vacation. Right. Right. You don't. Right. You don't have a job. You don't have anything to do. Exactly. And the first thing God says is you're in the, you're in the garden. Here's a few things for you to do. Right. You're gonna name some animals. You're gonna cultivate.


You're gonna keep and cultivate the garden because the idea is even in paradise, human beings have to have, has something to do, something to do. And then, and the thing to do is to continue to cultivate that garden and make sure that that garden is operational and taste a better and better garden. And when you ignore that, and when you just eat the fruit of the garden without continuing the cultivation, when you neglect your duty, then that's when the snake wins. Yeah. Presumably. Yeah. So it's, yeah, these are all concepts that I think that the west has forgotten A little bit. Yeah. Well, it's something to be able to think of responsibility as opportunity and not constraint. And that, I mean, I would say of all the things that I've been talking to people about, that's the one that strikes home most particularly, that responsibility is opportunity and not constraint the narrative world and the objective world.


It's the, it's the juxtaposition of the narrative world. And that would be Jerusalem in some real sense, and the objective world that defines Western civilization. And you see that narrative spirit attempting to revivify itself in the Jerusalem of today. And it, that's a good thing. 'cause that narrative spirit, if that, if that deep and meet meat, narrative spirit doesn't rejuvenate itself, it will just be replaced by far inferior variants, far inferior variants, dangerous, shallow, unsustainable, anxiety provoking, hopeless miserable, vengeful, murderous.


Yeah. So a better vision than that is definitely something we need. And it's certainly the case that everyone here, I would say to some degree, is striving to, to produce that stumbling uphill towards the, the temple on the mount and the city of God. If it's, if the city of peace can be created, it's gonna be through the, the principles of the city of peace, which is why it's named that way. And, you know, the place where Abraham was going to sacrifice Isaac, the place where Jacob had his dream of angels going up and down, you know, my prayer at the end of the meal is that, you know, that the, the angels that that descend up and down in, in Jacob's dream continue to connect the higher realms to the lower.


And that we, we ought to learn from that. And that we ought to strengthen that connection in ourselves and for our communities. That's for sure, man, for our civilization. That's right. We could add to that a prayer that we have enough senses, individuals to allow that ladder to move Its information, its message up and down the, the different realms of being right within the confines of our own thought and our own life. So yeah, that's a good prayer. That's for sure. Cheers, Jordan. Cheers.


Reasons to Vote for Democrats. A comprehensive guide by Michael Knowles is the most exhaustively, researched and coherently argued case for the Democratic Party to date. The book is one that Donald Trump himself even called a great book for your reading enjoyment. Plus, it's a must have addition to any political observer's coffee table. Head over to Daily Wire dot com slash shop to get your copy today. Warning, this book is intentionally left blank. Side effects for voting Democrat may include feelings of hopelessness, depression, anxiety, and reduced testosterone, increased crime, higher taxes, rampant abortions, and a strained relationship with your father.