
Every day, local businesses open their doors with more than just a plan. They bring persistence, ambition, and a vision for what's next. And America's banks bring the tools and strategic guidance to get there from storefronts on Main Street to warehouse floors. Businesses are leading the way with support from banks. Banks are providing what it takes for businesses to operate today and plan for tomorrow. Building opportunity, fueling economic growth paid for by United for a strong economy.


Israel didn't wake up one morning and decide to start a war with Iran. What we are watching unfold right now is not the beginning of a conflict. It is the culmination of over four decades of aggression by the Islamic Republic of Iran and an outgrowth of one simple fact. Israel will not allow a genocidal regime that has announced its intention to destroy Israel, to acquire nuclear weapons. The tensions that have undergirded geopolitics of the entire Middle East finally exploded into the open and not a back channel proxy war kind of way. The state of Israel conducted an operation of rising lion, launching targeted strikes across Iran and taking out nearly all of their top military brass, hitting military bases, nuclear reactors, and iran's nuclear scientists.


For decades, Iran has declared its intent to destroy Israel, what it calls be little Satan as well as America, the big Satan funding terrorist operations and paramilitary operations in the region, including murder of hundreds of American troops in Lebanon and Iraq. The devastating October 7th attacks attacks on Israel from Hezbollah in Lebanon, attacks by the Houthis in Yemen, and an attempted assassination of President Trump. In response to Iran's attacks, Israel first attempt down Iran's most noxious proxies, Hamas and Hezbollah. But recently Israel carried out a direct preemptive attack conducting surgical airstrikes deep inside Iran. Without apology, this was not a tit for tat. This was again, the inevitable outcome of decades of calculated provocation, nuclear blackmail, and terror financing by the Iranian regime.


Certain people, organizations like UN will continue to hyperventilate about escalation and destabilization as if what is currently happening came out of nowhere or as if Israel started it. They would prefer to have Israel just sit there while a genocidal Islamist regime gears up to lob nuclear missiles at them. So let's be clear, Israel is not starting a war. Rather, Iran has been at war with Israel through his proxies for decades. The only difference is that now Israel is finally going straight to the source, cutting off the head of the octopus. It has extended its terror tentacles across the Middle East. Everything happening right now, new missile, every airstrike makes logical, strategic, and more importantly moral sense. This is fact, Israel and Iran, Nuclear Enemies.


We begin not in Iran, but in Iraq. In June, 1981, Israel launched Operation Opera, a bold, preemptive airstrike that destroyed Saddam Hussein's Osiro nuclear reactor near Baghdad. At the time, Iraq had been pursuing nuclear technology under the guise of peaceful energy development. Sound familiar, but Israeli intelligence determined that the reactor constructed with assistance from French engineers, a haha French and partially financed by Italian companies, was in fact intended to produce weapons grade plutonium. At the time, Israeli Prime Minister Manam bein and Israeli intelligence feared that if Iraq acquired nuclear weapons, it would pose an existential threat to the Jewish state. With confirmation of Hussein's intentions, eight Israeli F 16, A fighter jets each carrying a pair of 2000 pound mark.


84 unguided bombs took off from Etsy air base in the Sinai Peninsula, accompanied by additional fighter jets providing cover. The pilots flew low to avoid radar detection, traveling more than 600 miles across Jordanian and Saudi airspace. Within 80 seconds, the Iraqi nuclear reactor was destroyed. The mission was a stunning success. Immediately after the world condemned Israel, the UN Security Council unanimously condemned the attack, including the American Ambassador Jean Kirkpatrick, who later explained how upset she was to do it, and the US State Department under President Reagan also issued criticism. Though privately, Reagan expressed concern and admitted that he understood the logic. It was only about a decade later in 1991 when Prime Minister Bacons strategic foresight became clear.


During the Gulf War, American troops confirmed that while Iraq's nuclear capacity had been diminished, Saddam Hussein did in fact intend to develop nuclear weapons because Israel had taken nuclear proliferation off the table. A decade earlier, American troops were left only to deal with scud missiles. This entire episode established what is now known in Israel as the big indoctrine. Israel would act unilaterally and preemptively to prevent their hostile enemies from acquiring nuclear weapons. The precedent for foreign policy had been set, security and peace maintained through deterrence and preemptive aggression. It turns out that President Trump's present day peace through strength approach is not that much different. Meanwhile, Iran was watching all of this. The Islamic Republic, less than two years old at the time of the OC rock attack, absorbed a powerful message.


If they wanted a nuclear weapon, they would have to build their program in deep fortified secrecy, underground distributed plausibly deniable. While Israel had dealt with the rock's nuclear ambitions decisively in 1981, by the early 1990s, the newly entrenched Islamic Republic of Iran emerged as Israel's biggest threat. The supreme leader, AYA Khomeini and his successor Ali Khomeini immediately popularized the phrase Death to America And began pushing for Israel's annihilation. As a result, Iran turned its attention to nuclear technology initially under the pretense of civilian energy production. But behind the scenes, Iranian leaders were covertly laying the groundwork for a weapons program.


Under the supervision of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran, and later the military linked organization of defensive innovation and research, Iran began developing secret nuclear infrastructure. Reports from Western intelligence agencies in the mid nineties pointed to undeclared enrichment facilities, a rapid increase in centrifuge procurement and possible weaponization research occurring in military labs Outside Tehran, the Iranian regime relied on an international black market to obtain the sensitive technology they needed for proliferation. Through ties with Pakistani nuclear scientists, Iran acquired, designed very centrifuge and its component parts naturally. North Korea and Russia. Strategic components of the United States also provided technicians who offered know-how and reactor components.


The Iranian regime's its strategy was simple, distribute the program across multiple hidden sites and bury it literally under mountains. The most significant of the nuclear facilities is naans the primary uranium enrichment center camouflage by reinforced concrete and steel. But the regime also built a site in Iraq where a heavy water plant was capable of producing plutonium and later also in Fordo, a deeply buried complex that would be allegedly immune from airstrikes. By the late 1990s, Ron was enriching and stockpiling uranium, as well as building out cascades of first generation centrifuges with potential over time to reach weapons grade output. The international community rang the alarm bells in periodic reports, but Iran consistently denied officials access to its key sites.


Western Powers hesitated to act by 1998, the CIA publicly confirmed Iran's nuclear program was caused for deep concern. Iran's supreme leader publicly issued fault laws against nuclear weapons, but privately military leaders and IRGC strategists were pursuing a dual track policy, deny everything while racing toward weapons raid capacity. In short, the 1990s were a decade of deception for Iran. Iran played the long game and the world, perhaps distracted by post Cold War optimism, mostly let them. By the mid two thousands, the Islamic Republic of Iran had transformed its foreign policy into a full fledged doctrine of proxy warfare, fearing direct confrontation with Israel or the West around equipped vanguard militias like Hezbollah in Lebanon.


In July, 2006, Hezbollah launched a 34 day war with Israel by ambushing, a patrol near the Lebanese border, killing three soldiers and capturing two others. The provocation was not spontaneous. It had been planned with the direct coordination of IRGC and facilitated through a web of meetings with Syrian and Lebanese leadership. One of those meetings reportedly took place in Damascus, where senior Iranian officials, including commanders of the KUDs force, the IRG C'S elite unit, met with Hezbollah, Hassana Raah, and Syrian President Bashar Assad. Their goal to solidify the so-called axis of resistance against Israel and the United States. Iran supplied not only the hardware, but also the training, funding and ideological guidance. Kaseem Soleimani would later become infamous for orchestrating attacks across the region, was by this time already deeply involved in strategizing Hezbollah's war plan.


Israel responded with the massive air campaign in ground incursion into southern Lebanon, targeting launch sites, bunkers and Hezbollah command centers. The Israeli Air Force struck over 7,000 targets, but Hezbollah's use of human shields, deep bunkers, and dispersed rocket cells made its total eradication impossible. Even though the United States and President George W. Bush offered diplomatic cover to Israel in the early stages, pressure soon mounted for AC ceasefire. By August, 2006, Yu Un resolution 1701, brought the fighting to a close. Hezbollah claimed a divine victory. This trial served as a test run for the Iranian regime's new model of warfare, tunnel gorilla warfare. Through state-sponsored militias, Tehran learned it could strike his Israel without inviting direct retaliation. While gaining influence across capitals. In the Arab world, this strategy would echo in Gaza, in Syria, in Yemen.


Eventually it would reach Israel from Iran itself. In these uncertain days, Israel now faces imminent attacks. As war with Iran has already begun. Families across Israel are living in fear, wondering if the next siren will sound in their neighborhood. Israel just launched Operation Rising Lion targeting nuclear and military sites deep inside Iran to prevent an existential threat while bracing for possible retaliation that could endanger millions of innocent lives.


But in the midst of crisis, hope endures the international fellowship of Christians and Jews. IFCJ is on the ground delivering lifesaving aid where it's needed most. IFCJ provides emergency food, shelter, trauma, support, and security upgrades, including bomb shelters and fortified hospital units. In the past year alone, IFCJ has helped over 2 million people supplying basic needs to the elderly Holocaust survivors, new immigrants and children traumatized by war as Israel's defenders stand ready. IFCJ stands with them funding Bulletproof ambulances, supporting first responders, offering comfort to those in the line of fire. Your support means food for the hungry, safety for the vulnerable, and hope for a nation under siege. Now, as the world watches and uncertainty grows, you can make a difference through donations. Together, we can bring light to the darkest moments. Visit Ben for the fellowship.org to donate today. That's one word, Ben for the fellowship.org to donate.


Meanwhile, Israel's attempts to stop development of nuclear weapons by hostile neighbors continue to pace. In 2007, Israel launched operation Outside the Box, an airstrike directed at a suspected Syrian nuclear facility. Naturally, the head of the I A A condemned Israel by the early 2010s, international pressure on Iran's nuclear program began to reach a tipping point. Years of inspections, sanctions, cyber attacks had slowed but not stopped. Iran's nuclear ambitions, Iran was enriching uranium up to 20%, building a stockpile that could be weaponized in a matter of months according to intelligence, Preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States. So help you God. So help me God. Congratulations Mr. President.


Enter the Obama administration. In 2013, president Barack Obama began secret negotiations with Tehran, culminating in the joint comprehensive Plan of Action or J-C-P-O-A sign. In July, 2015, the deal was struck between the us, uk, France, Russia, China, and Germany, representing a massive shift in Western doctrine toward the Iranian regime in favor of concession, not coercion. Under the terms of the J-C-P-O-A, Iran agreed to limit Uranian enrichment to levels suitable for civilian use, reduce its stockpile and cap its number of centrifuges. In exchange, Iran essentially received big bags of cash. They were offered between a hundred and $150 billion in sanctions relief and a green light for increased oil exports. The J-C-P-O-A also included provisions for international inspections, but with deadly limitations.


International inspectors would not be permitted to enter military sites, which were widely believed to be the locations of covert nuclear development. Snapback sanctions were included in theory approved politically unworkable in practice. The J-C-P-O-A also provided zero limits on Iranian use of funds for terrorism and ballistic missile development. And the J-C-P-O-A allowed Iran to pursue its nuclear program without limitation beyond its tenure timeline, which would've expired this year. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu famously addressed a joint session of Congress in March, 2015 to oppose the deal. Warning, this deal will not change Iran for the better. It'll only change the Middle East for the worse. He was right. Emboldened by newfound legitimacy, flush with cash. The Iranian regime doubled down on its regional terror war.


Hezbollah expanded and deployed fighters to Syria. Hamas enjoyed renewed funding and dug tunnels beneath Gaza. The Houthis launched drone and missile attacks against Saudi Arabia. By 2017 signatories were quietly acknowledging that Iran was testing the boundaries of the deal, if not outright violating it. The J-C-P-O-A as President Donald Trump said was a disaster. It may have postponed Iran's direct confrontation with Israel, but guaranteed it would come later and under more deadly circumstances. In contrast, president Trump's business sense told him the J-C-P-O-A was a horrendously lopsided deal. His administration launched a maximum pressure campaign where the United States withdrew from the agreement imposed tripling sanctions, and carried out the assassination of Qem Soleimani, the head of Iran's food's military force.


The United States military successfully executed a flawless precision strike that killed a number one terrorist anywhere in the world. Caem Soleimani Deterrent was reasserted, and then Joe Biden became president. He quickly created distance between the United States and allies like Saudi Arabia and Israel, while simultaneously reaching out to the Ayatollahs in an attempt to revive the J-C-P-O-A. The result was the most heinous attack on Jews since the Holocaust. On October 7th, 2023, the Iran backed terrorist group Kamas carried out an unprecedented massacre of Israeli civilians firing thousands of rockets while militants and Gaza civilians infiltrated Jewish communities, killing 1200 people, dragging 250 hostages back to Gaza.


Intelligence quickly uncovered Iranian involvement. Funding estimates range from 10 million bucks all the way up to $500 million. And IRGC officials met with Hamas leadership just days before the attack. Meanwhile, the Qatari regime provided billions in support to Hamas. Qatar, of course, being a close ally of the Iranians. October 7th was masterminded in part by Iran. Israel responded by invading Gaza determined to retrieve its hostages and finish off Kamas. In April, 2024, Iran launched drones and missiles directly at Israel. Israel intercepted all of them. In September, 2024, Israel carried out the aptly nicknamed Operation Grim Beeper cutting Hezbollah off at the knees. In October, 2024, Iran launched even more drones at Israel. Israel responded by striking military infrastructure in Syria, the Kamas on the ropes, Hezbollah crippled.


The Syrian regime collapsed completely. In December, 2024. Israel had effectively devastated nearly all of Iran's proxies sent to destroy it between October 7th and December, 2024. But Iran kept building the nuclear weapons. In fact, according to the IAEA accelerated its efforts, and despite President Trump's best efforts to negotiate a nuclear deal that would end Iran's nuclear development, the AYA tolls continued to insist on precisely that development while threatening both Israel and the United States. All of that built toward what happened yesterday. June 13th, 2025, Israel carrying out Operation Rising Lion dispatching hundreds of fighter jets and drones to strike over a hundred nuclear and military targets across Iran. And his Han's enrichment site was hit.


The Isfahan conversion plant went up in smoke. The regime's top commanders, Husain, salami, Mohammed Agar, Kalama, Ali Rashid, and most of its top nuclear scientists were all assassinated. And according to Prime Minister Netanyahu, the operation is just beginning. Let's be very clear again. What we are witnessing right now is the consequence of decades of Iranian Islamist ambition colliding with immovable Israeli resolve. Iran has pursued a clear strategy since 1979, undermine the West, destroy Israel, dominate the Middle East by any means necessary, whether through terror, proxies, nuclear blackmail, or open missile warfare. From the 1981 Operation Opera in Iraq to the Iranian regime's, 1990s covert nuclear buildup from the 2006 war in Lebanon to Obama's 2015 deal from Trump's Soleimani strike to October 7th, 2023, and now Operation Rising Lion Israel has not wavered in its belief that it must act before it is too late.


And yet the world keeps acting surprise. But here's the truth. Israel is doing what every sovereign nation has. The right and the obligation to do it is defending its citizens, it's preserving its future, and it is sending a message to the tyrants of death. Cults everywhere you might threaten, plot, even launch an attack, but if you cross a line, there will be consequences. Every authoritarian regime from Beijing to Moscow to Bong Yang is watching. If Israel succeeds in deterring Iran and dismantling its nuclear infrastructure, it reaffirms a basic principle one. President Trump has led with through two terms, peace through strength. The free world must have a spine if the West succumbs to its suicidal empathy. If the international community continues to treat aggressors and defenders as moral equals, this conflict won't end in Iran, it will spread.


Whether you're serving now or have served American Public University provides education at a pace and price that fit your life. Special rates and grants are available for you and your family. Learn more at apu.apu.edu/military.