
It's time to turn your daydream into your dream job. Wix gives you the power to turn your passion into a moneymaker with a website that fits your unique vision and drives you towards your goals. Let your ideas flow with AI tools that guide you, but give you full control and flexibility. Manage your business from one dashboard and keep it growing with built-in marketing features. Get everything you need to turn your part-time passion into a full-time business. Go to wix.com.


What I most appreciate about Cabot is that, like JD Vance last night during Trump's acceptance speech, when given the mic, he knows his job. I would like to correct Him though 20, 28 words, mostly flattering, and then kick it back to the big guy, right? The, the one correction though, for what Cabot said, he said he was kicking it over to the big guys. There is only one giant guy on set that is Dennis Fragger, followed Brett by Matt Walsh, the rest of us, very moderately, Dennis, you would appreciate the show Biz of this joint. We decided that we were gonna make this video right, where all the daily wire hosts and black and white sort of silhouetted lighting we're going to encourage people to go and vote. It Worked.


And so and so, it clearly, it worked. They, they aligned us all up in front of the LED wall, and, and they framed up the, the picture and then the director came over and said, yeah, you're all too short except for Matt Walsh. So we're gonna make you stand on a box, and we're gonna make you stand on a box. We're make you stand on a box. I wish you had been there so that Matt would know the humiliating Reality Step onto an apple box, You know? So guys, on a scale of one to 10, how good you feeling right now? Like, really, can we, let's just like enjoy, right? There's gonna be so many more battles in the future. There's gonna be so much more to come. Lesson's just gonna go away. I understand that it feels in the moment as though, you know, the thousand year rain has begun, but in, but in reality, there will be battles for tomorrow.


But let's just like, you know, take a moment to just bask in the awesomeness that is America. 'cause this country just kicks royal ass. I mean, seriously, the American people stood up on their hind legs and they said, no, we are tired of this. You have, you have been proclaiming that Donald Trump is not normal for eight years at this point, for eight long years, and been claiming that he's not normal. And what you mean by that is that he acts kinda weird and says kinda funny things, but the actual normal that we want is, you know, like to be able to live with our families without you bothering us and telling us that our kids are members of the opposite sex, and that we ought to be able to keep the property, that we build wealth and, and actually create things, and then keep the products and, and exchange them. And that we ought to be able to have a safe and secure border. And that we ought to be able be able to, to have a powerful Amer that that's like normal.


Normal is what my parents wanted and what my grandparents wanted. That's normal. And you know what? I don't care what Donald Trump says. I care what Donald Trump does. And what Donald Trump does is he brings back the normal. And so the Normies rose up yesterday and in a fit of righteous wrath, smo down the non-believers in normed him. And it, it's, it's damned wonderful. It really is. It just is great. It's Great. It's, I mean, I, I feel great. I feel, I feel like I'm on cloud nine. I, it also could be slightly sleep deprivation because two hours, about 48 in the last 48 hours, I it, but to me, and I, you know, we talked about this last night, but I, I, what I keep coming back to is that this, this really feels like just a, a total rejection of, of the leftist project on, on pretty much every count, certainly on all the, on all the big counts, abortion, DEI, trans it, the, the economy, crime, immigration.


This was just a total rejection of the leftist position and all that. Now, you hesitate to say that because it makes it sound like, well, it's over. We can all go home. The fight's over. Of course, it's not, you know, the, the, the fight. Now, it's just a matter of, well, we know that, that we know we have a winning argument on all of these things. We, we have the winning argument. But to translate the winning argument into actual victory, you know, beyond this election, legislative victories, policy victories, that that becomes the, Can I just say before everybody else jumps in, I want to give a special shout out to Matt Walsh because I was talking with Jeremy and Dennis A. Little bit earlier. And listen, everybody at this company has been working unbelievably hard to make things like this happen. That's what we do here, which is why you should in fact, go subscribe and join us 47% off with code Trump, because he's the 47th president, thank God.


But Matt, the Matt's three big sort of hits over the past course of the past three, four years. What is a woman, which made the trans issue absolutely toxic to the left, and was used in every single major campaign, this election cycle, the Budweiser boycott, which was the American people saying, you are not allowed to just leverage down on us a bunch of trash that we don't want. And then combine that with what you just did with, am I racist, where you completely exposed DEI for the grift that it is, and you are knocking out the legs of their stool. And, and those are all major, major components of what just happened to the Democratic party last night. So, special shout out to Matt has worked hard, and of course, the entire company, which I mean, let's be real about this, only Jeremy Boring would've made those films and, and would, would've, would've produced those films only I would've signed off at a very tangential level on those films and let everybody else do the work and then, you know, reap the benefits, which is what I do here.


And, but, but that, that's it. But Matt, like, really spectacular job on that. Yeah. I'd, I'd like, if I may, I wanna describe, I analyze my own self. So last night to my shock, I, I didn't feel happiness. I, I felt overwhelmingly shock and relief. Mm. Today it's all happiness. But I, I figured out why, and I gave this analogy on my radio show. If you see a drunk driver just about to hurt a loved one, maybe kill them or certainly terribly injure them at, at minimal. And then at the last moment it hits a lamppost, the drunk driver hits a lamppost, then what do you feel?


You don't feel elation at that moment. You feel shock and relief that the drunk driver is the left. The lamppost is the American people. The analogy to me is perfect. That's what happened. And that's why I understand my first reaction was not Wow, terrific. You, your, your beloved. My country is my beloved, just as, as as my family, believe it or not. I mean, if, if I don't have my country, yes, it's wonderful to still have your family, but people had their families in the Soviet Union. It, it didn't, it, it didn't compensate for what they had there. So that, that is my transition from relief to happiness, like the drunk driver.


I think that's beautiful. I think it is a perfect analogy. And when I, you know, every time that I've been drunk and almost about to hit the Landfill, I have nowhere to go with that, because like Matt Walsh, I slept two hours. So I can't finish any joke. Instead, I'm going to kick this thing over to our dear friend host of the me Kelly Show. I think one of the most important shows that is not on The Daily Wire, and always a pleasure to have here with us, Meg Kelly. Hey guys, how's it going? Did you feel relieved or did you feel happiness, Joy come in The morning, come in the morning? I felt both. But I, I'm more in the happiness camp and I just feel like the, the people who are chopping up our children and opening our border and allowing these illegals to kill our young women are evil and must be stopped.


They absolutely have to be fought and defeated. We tried being nice. They didn't listen, and therefore it was hand-to-hand combat. And we won. We won. And so I feel incredibly gratified and hopeful about the fact that that nonsense is going to stop and soon. Yeah. And we finally have a powerful warrior in the top position, and there's actual real agenda items he can do to stop those things I just mentioned. You know, Megan, unlike the rest of us who are mostly partisan hacks, if I'm being honest, you're, you're an actual journalist, and yet you did something that I don't think you've ever done in your career. And you came out and endorsed Donald Trump spoke at his, his final rally, if I'm not mistaken, right before on the eve of the election.


What, what went into making that decision and what was it like, you know, being in a friendly position with someone with whom you had so publicly sparred in the past? Oh, yeah. We've had our ups and downs, Trump and I, but you know, it's complicated as I always say, because I am not just a booster of his, you know, I am a journalist, and so when he does stuff that I disagree with or that, you know, I, I feel an obligation to critique. I do it. And for some reason, I get under his skin. You know, he doesn't like it when I critique him, and that's fine. I understand it. That's part of my business. So it's been, you know, Rocky at times, including in the past year. But net net he knows I'm a supporter of his and I know he's gonna do controversial things and attack me if I quote attack him.


That's how he sees it. Nonetheless, none of that matters, you know, this is about the country, the future of our country. And he, there's, there's just no question. He's the, he's the man for the job right now. Even, even if they had a normal Democrat, I would've felt that very clearly. He's, he's a fighter, and that's exactly what we need. That bloodied in danger guy who stands up there with a fist is exactly what we need to fight these people who are not just notwithstanding what you heard this morning on morning Joe gonna roll over on any of their radical agenda. They're not, they, they're leftist based base will not allow it. They're too beholden to them. I mean, I, I think Matt Walsh knows this firsthand. They, these little darlings are really important to them.


They're not gonna let go of the trans radical ideology. They are not gonna let Rachel Levine go into the night and be forgotten. This stuff matters to them. So we need that guy. We need the guy who stood by Brett Kavanaugh. We need the guy who got up when shot. And so if, for me, it was a no brainer, ultimately, when, when asked, like, do I show up there and support him on his last night with the message in particular to women who might be getable for Donald Trump, but on the fence about him still and considering, Hmm, can I handle him for four more years? And I just felt like the second point is they'd been so overwhelmed, they'd been deluged with information about how, if you're a good woman, if you care about women's rights, there's only one clear choice.


And it's her. And I felt like being somebody who is more, you know, middle of the road in her politics, I could speak to them. I could, I could speak their language to convince them as to why there is only one clear choice. And it, and it's him, not her. Well, I'm glad that you were able to have that conversation. Obviously Trump actually managed to pick up a few points with women in the election, which is sort of to everyone's great surprise. And I don't think you, you obviously played some role in that, and I think it's very brave if you to show your shoulders here now that the re has begun. Obviously it's all Handmaid's Tales from now on. Megan, where's your bonnet? I don't see any bonnet on you, Megan. You know, I got it right over there. I wanna get your take on, on sort of the left reaction to this.


So last night we were having a discussion as this all emerged and, and we were experiencing the, the sheer joy and wonder of, of the evening as to how they were actually going to react as who they were gonna blame. My suggestion, because as always, I was wise and brilliant, was that they would blame the American people. And they, they promptly have have been doing just that. And it feels like this election has finally loosed the fetters upon them. And they're now finally just gonna say the thing they've always wanted to say about the American people, which is that we're a bunch of rubes and hicks and horrible people. And it's not about social media, it's not about the Russians, it's just about us. So it feels like they're just going deeper into the cravat. I mean, we've had so many examples of that this morning. They of course, have been railing about these damn Latinos, who for years now they've been calling white adjacent as they express their conservatism.


And so they've gotta be written off because they are a minority group, but it's not okay because they're not pro democrat. And you know that that can kick you outta the cool club and suddenly you're white adjacent. And that means, I, I guess you're gonna get mocked on the view every day. Then speaking of the view, you had Sonny Hostin come out today and rail on these damn uneducated people who are to blame for her loss. They're uneducated. And of course, by that what she means is non-college educated, which in her elite world, she went to Harvard, her son's at Harvard. Jenny Hasa went to Harvard. You're dumb. What the Yeah, really? I'm pretty sure Pretty sure she went to Harvard. Oh yeah. For God's So, but her son is definitely at Harvard and her daughter's probably there, and she's railing today about her daughters.


How her daughter has less civil rights than she had. Why? Again, she, you live in New York, you can get an abortion one day before birth. Well, I don't know what she's referring to, but she's deeply concerned about the civil rights of her child and our country. And they are all multimillionaires, including Sonny and her daughter. And they live in a state that looks like Mar-a-Lago, but she wants to go out there and cry like a victim, just like we saw from Michelle Obama and Beyonce and J-Lo and Oprah, who have been made billionaires in some cases from this country. But when we don't do what they say, we have to be berated for our racism, our sexism, our internalized misogyny.


Take your pick. I'm just glad that Michelle Obama will have exactly one single moment in her entire life when she was proud of this country. Yeah, She can hold on to something. And Meghan Well, I mean The, the celebrity factor was so annoying throughout the whole thing. Oh, yeah. And oh yeah, it didn't work for them. And they, they don't learn. They did this with Hillary Clinton that, you know, who on the Democratic side didn't stop to say, who is Trump doing well with? Oh, it's the working class across all races. Well, how can we reach them? Oh, I've got it. Taylor Swift. She's Gonna be able To rule in these white working class guys, these Hispanic guys who are feeling absolutely not. They didn't even try.


They're just so drunk on celebrity that they did the trick. They always do. At least Taylor Swift is genuinely beloved and talented. I don't understand how we live in a time where Cardi B can be invited by the sitting vice president of the United States to address her supporters and give an endorsement. I mean, It's what, what does Cardi be famous for doing? Oh, my hilarious Responses that are unspeakable so I Can, yeah, I Actually can't say she features English as a second language. She, She literally tweeted out something like, what, what does p taste like? And then she gets invited to go speak for, I have a Kamala Harris joke here, but I cannot say it.


Yeah, you can't Say In the last, the last like, two days of the campaign, Kamala also had, I believe it was Jennifer Lopez, Christina, a Christina Aguilera and the rapper Fat Joe, which are really powerful celebrity endorsements in the year 2002. And that's what she, that was, that was kind of her closing. That was her close, her closing argument. Well, that, that Was What happened. Sorry, go on. JLo was out there like, I wanna speak to LA Latinos and, and how terrible what they said about Puerto Rico was and going on. Meanwhile, that didn't move the needle at all. This is how out of touch they are. And I think about the Oprah, remember the Oprah round table? I do wonder with JLo, I do wonder if people looked at her past judgments with men.


Yeah. Like P Diddy, it's a thing who she dated and went. Maybe she makes bad decisions about men kind of generally. I mean, when you, when you're just going through the white party list for your final reach out for the campaign, it feels not like a great, a great thing probably Exactly right. I mean, not to mention, I I, I don't like bringing people's kids into it, but she's obviously got a kid who is having identity issues. She's got a step kid who's having identity issues. This is no accident. You know, they live in this world in which yeah, of course identity is everything. It gets prized, it gets pushed. They get social rewards for having said kids, they're conducting social experiments on their own children. Then they wanna get out there and lecture us about the future of the country. And I amm so thrilled that America saw right through this bs.


And not only did they see through it, it was definitely one of the issues that rose to the top of this campaign and it made people vote. Meg and Kelly, thank you very much for spending some time with us on this joyous day. By the way, did I promise? Oh yeah. Did I promise I would take a drink? Yes, you did. So is this the time to do that? It Is. I was gonna say yes. So I, I I think people need to understand the last time I had whiskey, I literally don't remember. I'm not opposed to it. I don't, I I won't remember tobacco time either. Not with this whiskey. Dennis, I would need to make you please Alone. So I understand. So why, what are you giving me so I can tell people what I had Little Vey 12 double wood.


Really? Vey 12. Yeah. This is, oh, ny This is a very nice, we were gonna say, sounds Like a shampoo to be, I don't understand out bny better vey 11. Alright. What is, is it a scotch? What is it? Single malt. Do you like drinking? Oh, you don't either. We were going to save this. Yeah. For what? Well, let's let the people at home see this, this great moment from last night's show where we, where we learned that Dennis had not had a drink in some of our lifetimes. Here's my vow then If Trump wins, I will drink anything you give me. Which is more than I have drunk in 50 years.


I, I I love tobacco. I don't like alcohol. I will drink. You will raise a glass. I I, there is no question about it. And so, well, I really on tape here. Yeah. Okay. I give you, I you're a man of your word. I am a man of my word. So what, what I do know this question. What proof is it? It's about 600 proof, I think. Yeah. Oh, you know, you're a savior. That, that was cruel. We'll find, You'll find out soon enough. This, this is to make it masculine and official. We got, wow. That is a Form of Harrison. Put that, oh, I get an umbrella. That is cool. A chin Bra. Yes.


That is correct. Yes. If I have to, if I have to drink, it's with you guys, I wanna do it. Alright. You don't drink? I I do, but I'm not a this hour. Not a hour. Okay. By the way, do you all love this? I'm just curious. I I have no issue with that. Yeah. Okay. So I Basically don't drink You too. I basically don't drink, but I drink. I'll have a drink. Okay. And I Drink For the two of us, actually. So it balances out. You take both glasses? I do. I can't wait for Dennis to start speaking in cursive during Kamala Speech. It's tasty. It is tasty. You go, this is a letdown because the setup was, you would drink anything we handed you. Yeah. Oh yeah. What is this? You're lucky he didn't.


Where his mind went is really, I mean, the man who exposes DEI they are setting up, no, I'm not joking this. It's tasty. We just got him off the wagon for the first time in day. Dennis is gonna end up in a gutter. Now, I was gonna say end of the career. So seriously, what is it known? Is it a scotch? Is it a, what is it? It Singlest Single malt scotch. Single malt scotch. My son loves it. My, my father loved it. I, I am the black sheep in my family. Dennis, if you drink anymore, you'll be eligible to run for president as the vice president Joe Biden's. They're taking, I can't believe I'm enjoying it. I can't believe it. Well, And and by the way, Dennis, you think your first class is good?


The third And fourth class? My seventh of the best one. Yeah. They're over at Howard right now. This with the cigar. Where's the story with the cigars? I put in an order for cigars. I don't, There will be, there will be cigars. Okay. Listen, this is what happens yourself. This is what happens when you won a surprise Dennis Prager with a little pink umbrella. I specifically told the team to have all this ready for after the concession speech. We're gonna have a nice cigar. We're gonna, Oh, I blew it by, by mentioning you Blew it. I mean, that's fine. That's Fine. Yeah. I'm sorry. Well, you should have told me that would've helped. I will say that while we did think about funny things to make you drink, there's nothing I who do not drink essential. I, I'm not a teetotaler, but you can see tee totaling from where I am.


Yeah. But even I will say that on a day like today, whiskey has never tasted better. Yes, that's right. You know, this, maybe that's a factor in why I'm liking it in, in The celebratory. Although way, I'm starting to feel a little swirl In the celebratory spirit. You might have noticed I'm wearing a sort of wide late nineties tie. That is because my mother gave me this tie, and I think about 2003. I don't, I'm not bragging or nothing. It is a part of the official Donald J. Trump tie collection. There you go. I don't know where she got it. It might've been at TJ Maxx. It might've been at Macy's. I don't know. I have had it in, in my closet for about 20 years. It's obviously held up very well, as has the president.


And I figure if one does not wear the DJ t tie today. Right. Because I, I actually feel real vindicated about, about this whole thing. You know, there are many people tolerate Trump because they say, I don't like his tweets or whatever, but I like his policy. I like the guy being, especially being a New Yorker. I like the guy. And so I've thought he's actually a pretty good candidate and people say he's a terrible candidate, but, you know, he somehow makes it across. I thought he is a pretty good candidate. And then 2020 happened and I said, okay, I don't know. Maybe we'll see the, the fact that this guy won the electoral college by a lot, that he won the popular vote, that he assembled this coalition that is unlike a coalition that any Republican has done in my lifetime.


At least it, I think we have to conclude he's a good candidate. The guy, he did something. He's A political genius. He's a political Yeah. Genius. And he makes nice jokes. It's just A, it's just a weird form of genius. That's all. It's hard to, you know, I mean, geniuses do things that you've never seen before and they break all the rules and sometimes they get, I Don't think that 20, I don't believe that in 2016 Donald Trump did anything particularly spectacular. I think that Hillary Clinton did something spectacular. She failed spectacular Being a terrible candidate. That's right. Which is why he was, as I've said before, why he was able to win with fewer votes, say in Wisconsin than mit Romney lost Wisconsin with. Right. But what you cannot deny is someone then coming back and winning not only an overwhelming majority in the electoral college, but also winning the popular vote.


And what that tells you is that while what Trump did in 2016 may or may not have been spectacular, what he did in, in 2024 is a true feat Of political indisputable only, Only the greatest politicians are able to accomplish. And, and you know, What he just accomplished, and I shouldn't say he's a political genius. He, he has a genius that he can look at something. He's like a guy who can look at the Rubik cube of life and solve it. You know, that he, he just, he just does it. You I've seen him do it. Yeah. Again and again. And you can see him shift almost when he is talking. You can see him. You read the field and all this stuff, and he just figured it out. And I think, by the way, I just wanna add this, throw this out there. I think it's gonna be a great presidency. I think it's gonna be the best second term we've ever seen, because he has actually taken four years.


God has arranged it. So he is taken four years to learn what he needed, what he did wrong, and what he's gonna do. There's Another thing to add there, which is in 2020, if he had won, he would've been settled to the Democratic Congress in 2024, he has an overwhelmingly Republican senate. The Republicans are gonna take the house. He's actually gonna have a majority that he can work with. And if you want more good news, because you know, IBI bear glad I bring Glad Hidings Exactly. Close the, the, the electoral college. I, I've mentioned this before. They, that they, they screwed up the census in 2020. There are actual extra votes in, in the South that were not properly counted. I'm calling right now on the Congress of the United States, the President of the United States to pass legislation that allows for the recap, the, the recapitulation of the census figures sufficient.


So that in the 2028 election, those votes actually shift to the states where they belong. Because that's where those, those votes belong. Right. People being disenfranchised right now in Florida, people being disenfranchised right now in Texas because the count is not correct. And then in 2030, there's gonna be another census. And if that census goes how people think that census is going to go, 12 electoral college votes are going to shift from blue states to deep red states. Not none of those are in the rust belt. That is all the sta that that's, that's, that's three to Florida. That's four to Texas. That's one to Arizona. That's one to Idaho. That's, that's, that's I believe one to Georgia. So what do you Think the wait less in California Coming from California, five fewer in California. Wow. Three fewer in New York.


What Do you think the Democrats are gonna do try to do about that? Because there's no way they could just sit and allow that to happen. So what, what, what's their move? I mean, I think they just lose, frankly. I mean, I, I don't, well, I think their, their move was the open border. Right. And I, I think that, I think that they do not, here's, here's the thing. I I don't see what their next move is because the, the, the problem for them is that Donald Trump occupied the other half of the agenda. Right? So if, if their agenda was normally two things, right? When was the kind of woke racialist intersectional crap? And then one of the was the, the sort of Bernie Sanders socialistic redistributionist stuff. The truth is that there's some crossover between the stuff that Trump has said about entitlements and where Bernie Sanders is not entitlements, like the most, the most robust arguments that have used, been used against Republicans in my lifetime on the financial stuff where Paul Ryan shoving granny off the cliff and all the rest of it.


You can't use that on Trump and you're not gonna be able to use it on Vans. 'cause the Republican party has basically said, alright, you guys wanna ride across the cliff, like we can't stop you. So I guess that's the way it's gonna go. And with that, off the table that be, by the way, abortion is off the table too. I'm gonna point this out right now. Abortion is a live issue in this election. It will not be a live issue in 2028. And the reason it will not be a live issue in 2028 is every state will have already picked the abortion regime that it actually wants. And the Supreme Court will have already spoken by 2028 and said, there cannot be widespread federal legislation on abortion, which means it will be relegated back to the states. And by the way, you saw some of this last night, right? So for example, Missouri did pass a referendum that was a pro-abortion referendum in Missouri. And Missouri went by 10 points to Donald Trump.


So people are already shifting away from thinking of their congressperson, senators and presidents as people with a fundamental task on abortion. They're thinking of their governors and their state legislatures as the people with the fundamental task on abortion. So you take abortion away from the Democrats on the federal level, you take entitlements away from Democrats on the federal level. What precisely do they have higher taxes in week, foreign policy and an open border. What, what's the agenda? Those are like the three least popular items. I don't Understand what you're missing about joy, brat and vibes. You know, another thing, if, if Trump had won in 2020, he still would've had covid and they still would've had covid to beat him up with. Yeah. You know, it was still this, it was right in the middle of, And he would've had to deal with inflation that was being put.


It was spending that was being pushed by Democrats. But Republicans led it through or didn't have the strength, although Biden amped it Up, Biden amped up with the inflation reduction, the inflation increased inflation, of course, My my favorite name. Yeah. But, but he, he would've been dealing with a lot of economic challenges that he Yeah. He, well, part of the grace that's obviously the country received enormous mercy from God here, but so, so did Donald Trump, because Donald Trump deserves a lot of blame for what happened in 2020. You know, COVID isn't just a thing that happened to Donald Trump, although certainly it was weaponized against Donald Trump by not just the domestic left, but I think even the global left. But also the worst aspects of Donald Trump's presidency were his handling of covid.


And in a way, God spared him from having to be the one who paid the immediate price for those policies that he allowed to happen. I mean, he surrendered the country for, to Anthony Fauci for months and months and months. You know, I, although, although you're, you're right. I, I think you're too hard on him since every other western leader did the same thing except Ron. Except sand. Except, except eventually. But I don't think this is fair. I think that we should hold Donald Trump to a high standard. I don't think we should hold him to No standard Donald Trump. Hold on. Donald Trump doesn't purport to be like every other western leader. He purports to be the one of one, the wrecking ball. The guy who can't be pushed around, the guy who sees through the bull crap, the guy who doesn't buy the conspiracies. And I would further say that when we point to the way that the global Western leaders responded to Covid, I believe that a large portion of what originally inspired their response was attempting to defeat Donald Trump.


Meaning that I even think that the heads of states, of other nations were engaged in some level in a try to defeat Donald Trump, because he had made them all crazy. And when Donald Trump gave his, we're gonna reopen on Easter Sunday speech, which was basically America will rise again on the day that Christ rose. It was one of the great speeches, I believe, in American presidential history, had he done it. Yep. I would've voted four times for him. I, I, I agree with you about that. He didn't, about, I I agree with you. I don't think he handled it well. I'm not sure. Again, I just think you're being too hard on him. There was this, this thing, you know, who would you listen to if a, if a plague came through Literally last night though, we were saying that maybe he shouldn't have gone to war in Afghanistan when literally any president of the United States left right center, RFK Junior Ron Paul would've bombed Afghanistan over nine 11.


Not Ron Paul, but all the other ones. But first, First, first, I agree that Trump did the wrong thing, but, but also George W. Bush had a freedom agenda for the Middle East, which was a big mistake. George W. Bush developed a freedom agenda for the, for the Middle East after nine 11. And the realization that we, we had to go to war in Afghanistan. That's what I'm saying. But anyone would've gone to war in Afghanistan, Donald Trump, hold on. Donald Trump would go to war, in war in Afghanistan if they knocked down the 20 tower on side. The thing that I think that you're arguing past each other just a little bit in the sense that whether it, it's not a matter of blame. The reality is that bad decisions were made during 2020 by President Trump decisions that none of us liked. He got a reprieve by the American people. That's, yes.


The American people were giving Donald Trump a lot of credit, and he deserves an enormous amount of credit. Right. I mean, I i, I really think that, I mean, I read the, the famous Teddy Roosevelt quote on the air today about the man in the arena. Right? I mean, that really is Donald Trump. He deserves an enormous amount of credit. The people who deserve the credit are the people who voted for Donald Trump. The people who showed up in droves to vote for Donald Trump because they rejected all the things that they were being told about themselves and about their country. You know, I, I, there are a lot of people, I, I mentioned this before, but Sam Harrison and I had this conversation about Trump versus Kamala, and he was saying, ah, on character grounds, don't you care about the character of the president? And said, you know what I really care about, I care about the character of the American people, and I care less about the, the character of the President of the United States. What I want from the President of the United States to fix the toilet.


I I care a lot about the character of the American people. And it says something deep and abiding true about the character of the American people. True. That they were willing to stand up in the face of a tsunami of lies about Donald Trump. A blizzard of lies unlike anything I've ever seen in my lifetime. The last month of this campaign alone, which is Lie a t tmi after lie, after a tsunami of lies, you don't even need to add about Donald Trump. They stood up against the tsunami of lies. This is what I, I am convinced that they're charged. That Trump always lies. And, and the Washington Post, which is almost defunct list, the 2000 lies. Yes. Allegedly, but name one lie of Donald Trump that compares to the Russian collusion with the Trump campaign lie name one that that compares to men give birth.


Yeah. Right. I mean, the list of lies from the left. I is so nor 51 heads of intelligence said that the, the, the Hunter's laptop, Hunter Biden laptop was Russian disinformation by, By the way, many of those were actively in, in, in the government. Yes. Which is treason. But, but this is sort of why I I totally see your point, Ben, that, you know, in answer to, to a Sam Harris of the world, you can say, look, I don't really care about the politicians as individuals. I care about what they represent and the people who support them. But I also think we don't have to concede the point. Donald Trump has much better character than Kamala Harris and then Joe Biden. That's right. And then any of these Democrats. That's correct. I, I agree with that. But the point that I was making is, 'cause I'm trying to argue in that case to the, the median voter who's looking at this and may have problems with how Donald Trump acts on the public stage.


Yeah. But I mean, I started that little, that little speech right there. Yeah, yeah. By saying that he is the man in the arena. Yeah. Okay. The, the, the thing is, as, as I said yesterday, I'll go back to it, the best biblical, the best biblical analog to Donald Trump is not King David. It is Noah. He is a man for the time. He's a complete man. He's, he's, He's, That's great. He sad tamim, right? The, like in his generation, he is a complete person in his generation. Okay. It's a flood generation and a flood generation. You need a man who builds an arc. Donald Trump is a man who builds the arc, and then the flood waters recede, and then he goes out. And guess what? If you read the story in Noah, he does some pretty bad crap right after that. But the reality is he was a East Sadik tamim, complete haya bort, right.


In his generation. He's built for the, this is a time built for Donald Trump. Donald Trump is a man built for his time. And, and this is it's times that make great leaders, okay? Abraham Lincoln in 1830 is not a great leader. Right. And Winston Churchill in 1920 is not a great leader and mean he's outta government by 1920 and, and be Netanyahu five years ago is, is, you know, in trouble. And now he's a man for his like, yep. Great leaders are made by the time in which they live. And this time demanded Donald Trump and Donald Trump rose to be the man for that time. We're moments away from Vice President Kamala Harris walking out to hopefully feed us some delicious leftist tears. In the meantime, we have daily wires, very own Spencer Lindquist at Howard University, where the vice president is about to speak. Spencer, how are things going over there?


Oh, that's right. So last night, in the early hours of the night, it was very optimistic. There was music pumping. People were excited. And we saw that start to die down, especially when North Carolina was called for Trump. Tonight really is nothing like last night. In those early hours, the crowd has probably halved, maybe I'd say 30 or 40% of the people that were here last night are now here. We've got shots of virtually empty bleachers. And I'm seeing, you know, very sad faces, people giving each other hugs and just patiently waiting for Harris to take the stage. So has anything burned down yet? I mean, that's the real question. When, when do they start burning stuff? Or are they, have they been so neutered by President Trump who has saved all the dogs in the cats in Springfield, by the way, have they been so neutered that it is no longer possible for them to, to them, for them to riot?


You know, we haven't seen any violence, any, any really, even any protesting. Last night afterwards, we went over to the White House to see if there would be people gathering outside, if there'd be protesters, if there'd be rioters. And there was really nothing. It was, it was basically dead quiet. And, you know, maybe they've just tired themselves out after a decade of going up against this man who of course has just been bouncing back from, from everything that they've laid against him. Spencer do, do you know when Kate McKinnon plans to croak out a whining dirge of Leonard Cohen? May, may Rudolph may Ru this year. It's May Rudolph. It's Maya Rudolph. You're right, you're right. Oh, well that'll be better then. May Rudolph. She's pretty good actually. You know, that'll, I'm still, I guess this Saturday's the answer.


He's a Real talent. Yeah. And he predictions on what she'll say. Spencer, have you heard anything there? You know, I, You know, we, we've talked to a couple people and, and really, you know, kinda the question that that's on my mind is why people are actually coming back. 'cause last night, you know, when that co-chair came out, the, the co-chair of the campaign, the co-chair came out and said, she's not gonna be addressing you tonight. You've gotta wait until tomorrow. And by that point, we were already pretty certain on the outcome. A lot of people made the decision to just not come back out. Some people came here, you know, it, it is a historical moment with, without a doubt. So some people are just Hearing, it's so, it definitely historic that Donald Trump is defeating this vanquishing, his second female opponent for president.


His new Nickname is the Glass Ceiling. That was the New York Times theory. Donald Trump, That was their biggest single theory that it was a woman. Yeah. Remember I asked last night, what are they gonna say? Yeah. So now, now they, they're blaming it on misogyny. Hmm. Sure. No, that, that makes perfect sense. That's why he got a two point bounce among women. Yeah. But they were Misogyny. Women know what's up Those voters. Tough eating women there. I'm sorry, Spencer. Sorry I cut you off to make a joke. That's just how we do it around here. Are people trying to take down board around the DC area, You know, the DC area right now? I mean, we were out kinda just walking the streets earlier and it's pretty quiet.


You know, this is a, a d plus. I mean, it's 80 or 90% Democrat, really within the district itself. So the mood is somber, even just on the streets of dc. But of course, specifically here in this party, it is especially somber. And I'm seeing people kind of, I saw one group sitting in a circle kind of commiserating and talking about what the next four years looked like. Of course, those were all Harris supporters and, and they were there kind of reassuring each other, hugging each other. It, it looked like a little bit of a, you know, a, a therapy Spencer, almost Spencer Spencer has. I Can See more of that. Spencer, is he here? Is he here? Yeah. Spencer's Spencer. Has anyone seen you smiling?


I, I think a couple people have caught me. I went up to, to, to go up and interview a few people. That's, That's guty. They saw the grin. Laugh in their laugh directly in their faces. Hit it on camera. Spencer Linquist, thanks for being with us. If you assist From Howard University where Vice President Kamala Harris is expected to take the stage any moment to give her concession, can I, Can I say one thing about the, the speech, Kamala, it, it, it does, she does have the opportunity to actually give an important speech and she could actually say some things that, you know, to, to, to, in to, in, in some way, if not unify the country. At least assure her supporters that this guy is not actually Hitler.


Man, I have a question. It's not gonna happen. It will not happen. It never, It never happen. It will, it will not happen in a thousand years. I'm just pointing out that like, this doesn't have to be a totally useless speech. She could do something. She could, it could be, if she had any integrity at all, she could actually help the country with the speech. But she won't. Why Deal should, Why deal with Counterfactual? She totally Throw Joe Biden under the bus that No, that would be entertaining. That would be fair. I mean, I think instead of saying what she should say, let's say what we're rooting for her to say. So what I'm rooting for her to say is for her to come out and be like, listen, we all knew old Joe had to go in 2022 and he didn't go in 2022. Instead he stuck around then he stuck me with this bag and I had to somehow run this thing across the finish line. Don't blame me. And, and don't blame, don't blame me. It wasn't me. It was Joe. And then somebody's gonna have to come drag Doug emh off the stage before he spots a nanny Out or something.


Wait, you think they're still married? I I, I, I think Doug Emh is the happiest man in America today. Oh yeah. I think, oh yeah. The idea that he wanted to be first gentleman is ridiculous on its face. Like that that is it. That is a dude given his personal history. That is, that is somebody who's very happy to be going back to Beverly Hills. Yes. Yes. Isn't the only thing that she can blame just the, the Don Corleone lament, if only we had more time. Yeah. Isn't That That's it. Right? That's what I'm thinking. Yeah. Yeah. You have to understand it was a last minute thing. And we did, we did the best we could for that, right? Yeah. Because then it doesn't offend anybody. She doesn't have to take responsibility. It is plausible. I mean, it was absurd that they swapped out their nominee at the last minute. Well, you know, what I'm looking forward to is her next run.


That's really what I'm looking for. I think, I think Kamala Harris 4.0 will be so much better than Kamala Harris 3.0 ever was. Yes. I mean, each upgrade has been treated with just rapturous joy by the media. So I'm, I'm really, I can't imagine. It's like the iPhone 16, just a new, a new reissue that's just gonna get better. You know why? With every Single update, you know, the reason she gets better, There is a, a way forward to, to Matt's point, really, where the cooler heads and the Democrat party start to seize back the party from the, the the rather Only rhetorically it will, it will be pure rhetoric. Well, They always govern too far to the left. Okay. Just, it's very important that, that everyone know that they will, they will veer toward the center. You know, we really overdid it on X, Y, and Z, and then as soon as they have power, they will go back to X, Y, and Z.


Yeah, that's exactly right. That's problem. True.


So here's the question from a Daily Wire member. If you're not a member, please consider joining us at daily wire.com/subscribe. If you use promo code Trump, you get 47% off because he is the 47th president. And our members make it possible for us to do the work that we do.


Is there any concern that the left won't give up power come January? No. Not in my mind. No. They just got clo. If it were close, then maybe, but they just got totally creamed. Right. That's gonna be fun though. Kamala gets to preside over the certification. Yeah. Which is really the great loser. A a one of the great losers is the New York Times. Oh man. Thi this is really important that people understand this. The New York Times is no longer. I will never, I I was telling Ben earlier, I will never use the term mainstream media again. It is just left wing media. They are the outliers. We are now much more mainstream. Yeah. Prager, you Daily Wire, all the, you know, Joe Kelly, Joe Joe Rogan is the most Rogan.


I mean all, all the whole gang. We are now mainstream. They are left wing media. The only people that read the New York Times are leftists. It is a fa it's, it is that is it. Yeah. They ha they, the New York Times now realizes to some extent, I don't think fully, they have no influence on the country. None to say to the average American. You know, the New York Times said, you, you might as well say, well, Harvard said, yeah, right Slave. It's funny, but it's a tragedy because a, the New York Times is the best digital media company in the world, which is an amazing thing to say. Four years ago, they weren't a digital media company at all.


It's one of it. They are Blockbuster who became Netflix. The, it's the greatest transformation I've ever seen of a company, maybe in, maybe in history. The other reason it's tragic is they still do the best journalism of any publication in the world. It's no one on the right can yet field a fraction of the actual investigative journalistic power that can be fielded by the New York Times. We can't field a fraction of the Washington posts. We can't field a fraction of the Wall Street Journal. And so to see that, well, just those three that I just named, they, they control something like 80% of all the actual investigative firepower in the country.


It is, it is a real loss to the country that those institutions, which were always of the left, have become leftist. Which is, which is different. They become Yeah. Instruments of the Democrat Party. By the way, just if you're talking though about raw news, I know I read one of the only newspapers I read every day. By the way, I do read the New York Times physical edition, not just digital every day, just for the record. But that's just to know what the Left is saying. Not to, not to really learn about the world. The Telegraph in Britain, that is a magnificent newspaper. The Epoch Times is a magnificent newspaper, in my opinion. We, we, the National Post in Canada, I mean, they, they, they, they're not, they don't have the money Right.


To have reporters in Rwanda. Yeah. But, but there are new sources worthy of noting. But it is, it is true. I you are absolutely right that they have all that firepower, but they have been, become kind of porn. I mean, I was thinking about 'em this morning that they really have been relegated Yes. To porn. And by the way, the Daily Wire, you guys have a lot of news. Yeah. I mean, we don't don't, don't I go to you for news. Yeah. But we don't have the report. The other thing is that what what they realized is that as their, as their margins began to shrink, they became fan service. That's right. And the most ardent fans were left wingers, and so they just kept doubling down on their fan service. Audience Capture is, It's a vicious circle. Yeah. Audience capture is one of the, the truly pernicious phenomena of, of the digital age.


I mean, and, and you can tell because I think the only person at the New York Times who, who voted for Trump, in all likelihood is Ross do that. Right. I mean, it's, Ross is the only one. Right. Probably even considered that at the Washington Post. There's literally no one. Yeah. Right. The Washington Post. I I think that now that Hugh Hewitt stepped away. Right. Right. Now that he Right. There's there's literal literally no one there. Wait, Hugh Hut. I hadn't heard that. Yeah, I get It's fantastic. But it's, but since so, so every major newspaper, the, the biggest newspaper is in the country, don't have anyone who's even writing for their editorial page who can even say that they voted for a person. The majority of Americans voted for. That's right. The, the, in the last election cycle At the New York Times, the conservatives who do, who are allowed to contribute to the editorial section all voted for Kamala other Than Ross t Right.


Other, but he's truly, he's the one of Those, well, first of all, you say all it's three. It's three. Yeah. Yeah. And I, I still don't know. I, I, I don't know, I know what's conservative about Brett Stevens, obviously Ross out that, but I, what is conservative about David French? Well, I think that David French is still committed to most of the same values that he was committed To. Does it come through in his, in his column? I don't think he is. Well, no, there's No evidence. 10 years ago, he was a libertarian. And that's why he gets the credit today Because he is so outraged by Donald Trump that he's willing to side against the people who want to advance the things that he writes in favor of. He, He doesn't What's a Conservatively, he's abandoned our values out of hatred of Trump.


Yeah. Yeah. That's called derangement. Well, That is true. Certainly. I think it's, it is a, it is derangement. No question about it. I don't think that it's the same as him being a leftist. It is practic. Correct. Correct. The, the practical effect is the same. Yes. That's, well, that's all matters. The practical effect is that, that you Become a quizzing for the left in, in a, in a bizarre belief that if he does so eventually a right that he approves of will emerge. That's Right. You know, I, I was on, that's the problem today. I was on Pi Morgan's show with Joe Walsh, who is a right wing radio host and congressman, who then I think he ran for president. But you know, he just supports Democrats now. And, and he said, we were arguing about something. He said, but Michael, you don't understand. I'm, you know, I'm a, I'm a Republican. I'm not a democrat. And I thought, you know, I actually kinda like the guy, but I thought, man, you can't, I think you get like three election cycles.


If you don't vote for a Republican, you, you're out. Okay. That's good. And it's true that their arrangement causes them to also not support any other Republicans. So when you have, right, listen, I, I said last night, I think Jonah Goldberg is one of the greatest writers in the country, and yet he can't even support Aran Desant. They can't even just support Aran DeSantis because Trump has made them so mad that anything that isn't like Jeb Bush, it's, they're going to oppose Self-inflicted wounds because they, I, I had Jo Jonah Goldberg did a course for pr, did a video for PragerU Jonah Goldberg. I think liberal fascism is one of the most important books. I agree. Of the last 50 years. And, and, and, and he, he, he has rendered himself less important.


I, I don't know. That's why the arrangement is, is not an, an invalid word. Well, because I think that one of the things that, that's been, it, it, it is happening on, on a lot of sides of the aisle, is we now have gotten to the point in American life where if people don't vote the way you want, you're disappointed in the people. And you can't function in democracy where you're constantly disappointed with the people. Makes it very difficult to actually believe in the country when you're constantly disappointed With, but Ben, what's the menkin quote? Yeah. Democracy is the theory that the common people deserve. That the people, the people get what they know what they want, deserve to get good and hard. Yeah. And, and, and that's, and that's, that's true. But it also means that you have to have fate that eventually they're gonna make some good decisions.


And that if they make a decision that you don't like, maybe there were some decent Reasons, especially to disappointed, to have these commentators that are disappointed in the people. Well, your whole job, our whole job is to convince the people that's it's what we do for a living. That's, and so if the people aren't agreeing with you, then you could be disappointed in them, or you could be disappointed in yourself. You didn't make the case, you didn't Obviously argue this. This is, that is absolutely true. And it's the people's country, ultimately they get to choose how they wanna live. This Is exactly though my point last night of I didn't want Donald Trump to be the nominee. I didn't vote for him in the primary. That's what primaries are for. The majority of Republican primary voters disagreed with me. They win. Now Donald Trump is the nominee. The question before me isn't, who the question before me in, in November of 2024 isn't, who would I like to see be the Republican nominee for president?


Right. That, that is, that question is settled. Yes. Yeah. There is one. Perfect. That's right. And you know, on this point of people kind of coming together, the Republicans did unify here in the general, and, and the election was conducted efficiently and with sufficient margin that, hey, we found out on election night. Remember when we used to do that? And, and so I think it gave people, and this, this actually is important for the Democrats, even if they won't admit it now, it gave people a confidence that the system still holds and that the people's choices are still reflected. That's another reason. It's a big evening. Yeah. Yeah. And I mean, I, I'd said before the election that the worst case scenario, the worst case was kamlan narrow. Right. That if I had to have like, order of what was good for the country.


Oh God, yes. Trump big Trump narrow Kamala big kamlan narrow. If you're looking at like things that are that, because the worst case scenario, that would've been terrible for the country. Yes. Is Kamala sneaking it out at 3:00 AM by a margin of two votes in Wisconsin? Yes. It'd been awful for the country at every possible level. So we got the best possible scenario because God has shined upon this country once again. Yeah. But you know, it is, it is a very good thing. That's why I think you're not seeing because it was a clear cut victory. That's right. I, I think that that's, that, that is a good thing. And again, Democrats are gonna have to go back to the drawing board and they're gonna have to think to themselves about what they have done wrong. You're gonna have to go back to the corner. You're gonna have to redo your homework. You're gonna have to figure out exactly what it was that went wrong. Because if you think about Barack Obama as a singular figure who was elected for a host of reasons that really had very little to do with his policy, which is actually what he was.


Right? I mean, he was a singular figure in himself. He's a great speaker. Obviously his personal characteristics, his race, all of that kind of stuff. The last successful national democratic politician truly successful is Bill Clinton, who today would be characterized as a moderate Republican by his agenda. How do you run on a left wing agenda that the American people do not like without the signal power of a Barack Obama? And so the, the question is, they're either gonna have to find another cult figure, which is what Obama was. They're gonna have find a celebrity cult figure like Barack Obama. Or they're gonna have to start reexamining the agenda of say James Carville and Bill Clinton and maybe start looking at the Blue dog Democrats once again. I, you know What? I think that that's right. And I think that they're actually, look, the only sane reaction to a defeat like this, this is to say, where have we gone wrong?


And if you come up with the idea that it's messaging, which is what they usually do, then you're never gonna get anywhere. 'cause that's what Dennis saying Before Michael. That's right. That's right. Yeah. Thank you. That's exactly it. Yeah. It's just gonna be a rhetorical change. They, they, they, I can't think of a single major left wing figure who will say, gee, maybe I really am wrong on, on, but they're, but they're in being able to change sexes. They're in there In the rank and file. It's Inconceivable to me They're in there in the rank and file. There are actually some of them in there in the media. The question is whether they can yank back the party From who's they, The, the, the people who are going to be sane about this do exist on the Left. Can you name a name? I'm, I'm just, I'm not No, no.


I'm not giving you a hard time. I can't think of anyone. So, believe It or not, in the gender issue, van Jones. Right. So actually there are Democrats of color who are more likely to be the people who yanked them back on those issues than the white Democrats. The white Democrats are the, are the nuggies of the Democrats or even Don Lemon when he is being candid. Right? He, he also tends to track a little more toward the middle when he is not being pushed by Look. C look at Cuomo now. Chris Cuomo. Chris Cuomo. Well Let give them, say, you know, maybe America was not founded in 1619. I'm not kidding. That's a biggie. That's as big as men. Men give birth. Well, she and America was founded in 16. I I I was giving you the list of lies. There's an enormous one. That's Right. Well, here's, here's an idea. What if we just keep beating them until they do learn the lesson?


Michael, Here's a question from a daily wire.com subscriber. Again, if you're not a subscriber, daily wire.com/subscribe for 47% off promo code. Trump, will the truth of all the corruption finally come out? Now, will leftists see the lies that they swallowed? There are people in our lives that bought all the lies and they still think we're the bad guys. Will they be able to see the truth once Trump takes office? No. Those are, those are two separate questions. The first, will all the corruption come out? No. Everyone is broadly aware of the great corruption in our government and our culture. Both sides of the aisle are aware of it, and they disagree a little bit over the nature of it, but they're, they're aware of it. And some of that will come out. And I think Trump will clean house to as great a degree as he can in the federal bureaucracy in particular.


And, and that will be difficult and it will be unsatisfying. But I think he can get somewhere in terms of, will Democrats see the error of their ways? No, I don't think so. I I think it's gonna take them a little while longer to do that because they've really bought in and they've accepted their views, not so much as a matter of practical political conciliation or, or, you know, just, you know, re resignation, but rather as a matter of deep religious faith. And so they, they, I wanna know, in light of what you're saying, I I'm, I'm waiting to see the left wing source. 'cause it was almost universal that says, wow, America elected Hitler Will, will, why don't they own up to the staggering horror of calling him Hitler?


Hmm. So say the, the, the New Republic had a picture of Hitler in the face of Donald Trump. Will the New Republic now say America elected Hitler? And if they think that, why are they staying? Jews started to leave Germany when, when Hitler was elected. Well, Richard Gere did say that he's going to Spain. We have Tim Walls, governor of Minnesota now entering the arena here. It's not a giant, I suppose giant. This is another giant, giant among men. Weirdly, he still looks happy and no one knows why. Now he, he's just kind of being weird. But I do wanna say de Dennis, you're, you're a very large, perhaps the largest on earth Jewish man.


How many times have you been to Israel in your life? 25. Yeah, Tim Wal is, Israel is an American ally. It's the ancestral homeland of your people. It's the center of your religion. And Tim Wal has been 30 times to China, a country with a country that is Not, that is a great analogy. That is not his ancestral homeland. Right. That is not the center of his religion. And that currently has hundreds of nuclear weapons pointed at us. We've been engaged in a Cold War for 50 years. Yeah, that's pretty devastating. It's a remarkable bad way. She's coming in. Vice President Ka Harris. Here we go, baby, walking to the podium.


We'll rejoin you as soon as the vice president come in the morning. Here we go, are concluded. Good Afternoon. Good afternoon. Good.


Good afternoon everyone. Good afternoon. Good afternoon, Good Afternoon. Thank you all. Thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you. So let me say love you and I love you back and I love you back. So let me say my heart is full today. My heart is full today full of gratitude for the trust you have placed in me, full of love for our country and full of resolve.


The outcome of this election is not what we wanted, not what we fought for, not what we voted for. But hear me when I say, hear me when I say the light of America's promise will always burn bright. As long as we never give up. And as long as we keep fighting to my beloved Doug and our family, I love you so very much to President Biden and Dr.


Biden. Thank you for your faith and support to Governor Walls and the Walls family. I know your service to our nation will continue. And to my extraordinary team, to the volunteers who gave so much of themselves to the poll workers and the local election officials, I thank you. I thank you all. Look, I am so proud of the race we ran and the way we ran it and the way we ran it.


Over the 107 days of this campaign, we have been intentional about building community and building coalitions, bringing people together from every walk of life and background, united by love of country with enthusiasm and joy in our fight for America's future. And we did it with the knowledge that we all have so much more in common than what separates us. Now I know folks are feeling and experiencing a range of emotions right now.


I get it. But we must accept the results of this election. Earlier today, I spoke with President-elect Trump and congratulated him on his victory. I also told him that we will help him and his team with their transition, and that we will engage in a peaceful transfer of power. A fundamental principle of American democracy is that when we lose an election, we accept the results. That principle, as much as any other distinguishes democracy from monarchy or tyranny.


And anyone who seeks the public trust must honor it. At the same time, in our nation, we owe loyalty not to a president or a party, but to the constitution of the United States and loyalty to our conscience and to our God. My allegiance to all three is why I am here to say, while I concede this election, I do not concede the fight that fueled this campaign, the fight, the fight for freedom, for opportunity, for fairness, and the dignity of all people.


A fight for the ideals at the heart of our nation, the ideals that reflect America at our best. That is a fight I will never give up. I will never give up the fight for a future where Americans can pursue their dreams, ambitions, and aspirations. Where the women of America have the freedom to make decisions about their own body and not have their government telling them what to do.


We will never give up the fight to protect our schools and our streets from gun violence and America. We will never give up the fight for our democracy, for the rule of law, for equal justice, and for the sacred idea that every one of us, no matter who we are or where we start out, has certain fundamental rights and freedoms that must be respected and upheld.


And we will continue to wage this fight in the voting booth, in the courts, and in the public square. And we will also wage it in quieter ways, in how we live our lives by treating one another with kindness and respect, by looking in the face of a stranger and seeing a neighbor by always using our strength to lift people up, to fight for the dignity that all people deserve.


The fight for our freedom will take hard work. But like I always say, we like hard work. Hard work is good work, hard work can be joyful work. And the fight for our country is always worth it. It is always worth it to the young people who are watching. It is, I love you. So the young people who are watching it is okay to feel sad and disappointed, but please know it's gonna be okay on the campaign.


I would often say, when we fight, we win. But here's the thing, here's the thing. Sometimes the fight takes a while. That doesn't mean we won't win. That doesn't mean we won't win. The important thing is don't ever give up. Don't ever give up. Don't ever stop trying to make the world a better place. You have power. You have power. And don't you ever listen when anyone tells you something is impossible because it has never been done before.


You have the capacity to do extraordinary good in the world. And so to everyone who is watching do not despair. This is not a time to throw up our hands. This is a time to roll up our sleeves. This is a time to organize, to mobilize, and to stay engaged for the sake of freedom and justice and the future that we all know we can build together. Look, many of you know I started out as a prosecutor and throughout my career I saw people at some of the worst times in their lives, people who had suffered great harm and great pain, and yet found within themselves the strength and the courage and the resolve to take the stand, to take a stand, to fight for justice, to fight for themselves, to fight for others.


So let their courage be our inspiration. Let their determination be our charge. And I'll close with this. There's an adage and historian once called a law of history. True of every society across the ages. The adage is, only when it is dark enough can you see the stars. I know many people feel like we are entering a dark time, but for the benefit of us all, I hope that is not the case.


But here's the thing, America, if it is, let us fill the sky with the light of a brilliant, brilliant, brilliant of stars. The light, The light of optimism, of faith, of truth and service. Ain't you And made that work guide us even in the face of setbacks, toward the extraordinary promise of the United States of America.


I thank you all. May God bless you, and may God bless the United States of America. I thank you all. I thank you, thank you. Well, folks that is Kamala Harris, vice President of the United States. She has just given her concession address. She's headed out. And lady, don't let the door hit you or the good lords split you. I gotta say she, she was a little more naturalistic than usual. Obviously she's a permanent resident of the uncanny valley, so she could only take short trips outside the uncanny valley. She seemed to make it almost to the border of the uncanny valley at that time.


But unfortunately, she was then dragged, screaming back to the center of the uncanny valley for the finale of the speech where she talked about how there would be a billion points of light, not just a thousand, a billion, yay, may, may, perhaps a trillion, perhaps a trillion trillion. So many points of light because you know when it gets real dark, you can see the stars outside. And that means that now that it's really dark, you can be a star too, just like J-Lo or something. Here's the thing about Kamala Harris, she was a big nothing burger. Her candidacy was a big nothing burger. She has always been a big nothing burger. And that little concession speech was also a big nothing burger. So there are a few things she could have said that would've been useful. Like for example, you know, remember that time I said to my opponent's, Hitler, yeah, you're gonna be fine. I, she said, you're gonna be fine. But it's very hard to square that with my opponent is Hitler and you need to vote to stop him.


And everyone around him is also Hitlerian, right? That's a very difficult thing to square. It is very difficult to square all the things that she said on the campaign trail about the threats to America. There'll be giant internment camps, which Democrats were saying that that that there, that every woman in America was gonna be put under the gun. That that essentially all rights would be stripped from you with the sort of inspirational rhetoric she was using right there. And here's the thing, if she had campaigned as this Kamala Harris, maybe she would've had a better shot if she hadn't tried the scare tactic of claiming that Donald Trump was Hitler with seven mustaches and more orange. If she hadn't tried that, maybe people would've taken her more seriously, or maybe they wouldn't, because it turns out that was just a bunch of platitude in this nonsense. Again, in the end, the thing about Kamala Harris is nothing because she is nothing.


She's a stand-in for a party machine. That speech could have given been given by 1000 different Democrats, nay a billion stars of Democrats. It could have been any Democrat in the United States who gave that list of platitudes and bumper stickers that mean absolutely nothing when ripped out of any sort of context or any sort of meaning. And because that is the case, what you have to do is look behind the facade that has Kamala Harris, the Democratic Party. And that's the reason she lost. She didn't lose, honestly, I would feel bad for her if I thought that she, she actually were a real human being. But the fact that she is an NPC and that she effectively is just a stand-in for a party, don't feel bad for the party that she represents because that party is lying to you. They put up these platitudes and these bumper stickers.


See, you don't look through the veil. They don't want you to see the actual policies. They pursued this lady who says that she was a prosecutor. This same person suggested on a questionnaire from the A CLU that taxpayers should fund the transition of illegal immigrant prisoners. This same person who's talking about be friendly to the stranger who you just meet on the street, that same person was personally attempting to bail rioters out of prison during the George Floyd riots in Minneapolis. The same person who is telling you that young people ought to have hope in the future, was also telling young people that they effectively don't have any hope in the future unless they're having their student loan debt relieved by the grace of government. The agenda does not match the rhetoric. It never match the rhetoric.


The rhetoric is completely empty because Kamala Harris is completely empty. And that's why she deserved to lose. It's why no one, I, I noticed that for all the talk in the media about how she was brat and joy and a wonderful candidate, joy Reed said she ran a flawless, flawless campaign that for all of that, ain't nobody talking about her running again in 2028. Weird. If she's that great a candidate, they should be talking about that. Nobody's talking about that. So I think we can all bid a fawn farewell to Kamala Harris from the public scene. We can bid a fawn farewell to Tim Walls, who will be as memorable as Tim Kane. Meaning that in about six months time, you won't remember who he is except he, he sort of re reminded one of Don Rickles in some sort of bizarre way as cross between Don Rickles and Gumby. And, and that's gonna be the, the last you hear of Kamala Harris.


So once again, goodbye to Kamala Harris. Raise a glass at your exit. Can I say I'm, I'm disappointed that she did not announce her reelection bid during that speech. That's what I, that's what I was hoping for outta the speech. We didn't get it, but maybe they'll run like they're just running progressively more unpleasant women with each election. So we'll see what they do next. I can judges next. She did a relatively good job on the speech, but I think she did a good job because it's relatively easy for her to be gracious as she had no business being the nominee in the first place. Yeah. She didn't really work for it. She's already made it so much further in politics than she ever deserved. So for her, I guess she can think, all right, well, you know, on this fluke, I almost became president.


I made it to be VP when I really had no business doing that. And okay, now it's over. Joy come in the morning. It's not just the bizarre policies that those speeches cover up. It's the open pol the central policies, things like price controls, which is a Soviet idea, the taxing the money that you've made on your house but haven't realized yet, which is pure robbery. The misinformation idea that they're gonna, they are going to decide what misinformation is the government is going to decide. Those are central ideas to the Democrat party, and they're completely anti-American and unconstitutional. And it, it's, you know, we pick on these things. We, and, and we should, we pick on these things like, you know, funding trans operations for people in federal prison, but their open policies, their central policies are absolutely disastrous.


So I agree that the election was a repudiation of leftism, which is basically Matt's point at the top of the show. And I agree with Ben that in many ways Kamala wasn't even a person running for president. Yeah. So much as she was a position, you know, she, she occupied a space on behalf of the machine itself. They, they needed something that looked approximately like a human to carry forth, to carry forth their ideas. But people do matter in politics. And had the person we just watched for the last 12 or 15 minutes run for president the last 120 days, it's not clear to me that Donald Trump would've emerged victorious 'cause even though the speech was, even though the speech. Yeah. I'm, I'm with You on the, you know, I know that you guys granted Donald Trump immense superpowers and hold, but that per that person we just watched on stage was credible.


Yes. The speech was platitude and this, yes, it said nothing. But the American people don't always, I mean, they flip wildly between election and election on different policies. I have never seen the person who just stood that podium. Look, she didn't, I I, I, as a follower of American politics, much more closely than most one might say, I've never even met the person who just walked out to that podium. You know, she gave a cogent speech. She gave an articulate speech. She gave a speech that sounded very human. She gave a gracious speech. She gave a speech that had had a sort of political rabble rousing kind of spirit, but didn't actually say anything particularly divisive or particularly offensive. I I mean, certainly her Valium dealer either died last night, ran out of stock, I don't know.


But that person we've never seen before. And that person could have made a run. It's true in a lot of concession species. A lot of people give their best speeches in concession because the pressure's off and it's all over. And, and I don't grant Donald Trump's superpowers, but he did get shot in the head and fight back. I think, you know, just, just saying, just saying, you know, Listen, I voted for Donald Trump. I think Donald Trump does a lot of good things. I I become the most anti-Trump that I ever am when I'm sitting here hearing all the super supernatural elements of Donald Trump. He walked, he once walked on water and couldn't, the Thing is, she, she, the reason that that wouldn't have worked is 'cause at the beginning she kind of tried it and it's not sustainable. No, it's not sustainable. She, she is as she is as opaque as a pane of glass. She is. You, you, you, you can see right through her.


Yeah. You can see right through her. You can see all the gears moving. You can see all the tricks that are being played. You can see the agenda that's behind it. And so this, this whole attempt to portray herself as a sort of, you know, just family woman who cares about the normy life, that doesn't work for more than five seconds at a time. And the minute that you, you think about it, it really, really doesn't work. And so, you know, again, I think it's, it's sort of offensive when people play, act at it. You know, normality is actually my life. Yeah. Don't, don't, my my culture is not your costume. Yeah. Right. My culture for me is not your costume. You know, the one where I'm married and I have four kids and I live in a stable household and I have a stable community, and I drive mini a job and I come home from a job and I take care of my kids. Like that's my normie life and I like my normie life.


Don't pretend that you're a member of my normie community while you're out partying at drag queen story hour with your weird old, with your weird husband Doug. Like, Come on. And in fact, the, to offer up something actually kind about Donald Trump actually think that part of his unique charm is that he never plays like a normie. Yes. Right. So when, when he goes to drive the garbage truck, he doesn't take off his $3,000 shirt and tie when he, when he goes to work at McDonald's, when he goes to work at McDonald's, he is the famous, wealthy, self-aware, self-deprecating billionaire serving you french fries. Yes. It's not, he doesn't put on the costume of normalcy. No. Well, he's not saying I'm one of you. He's saying, I am not one of you.


But I like it. But I like it. Yes, that's right. That is what's Different about when I was down in the Rio Grande Valley with, with Cruz. The, the fact is Jill Biden had visited that same community, and that's the community where she made the famous breakfast tacos speech, right. Where you're, you're all, you're the wide variety of humanity, just like wide variety of breakfast tacos. You remember that? And they're still laughing about that. They're still like, what? The what in the Yeah. Like what the, well meanwhile Donald Trump would be like, Sinco de May, here's my Taco Bowl. Love it. And they're better than Any of your tacos. And they don't feel disrespected by that. Because guess what? Donald Trump isn't pretending to be Mexican. Yes. And he's not pretending that he knows anything about breakfast tacos. He's like, yeah, I went down to the local restaurant. I picked up a breakfast tacos Delicious. I liked eating it.


Okay, cool. After that, after the, the garbage truck stunt, he, he goes to a rally and he spends five minutes telling a hilarious off the cuff story about how ridiculous the whole thing was. Right. And how he was, he was afraid that he wouldn't be able to get up the, get up into the truck 'cause it's too big. And he's old. And then he, but he keeps the vest on 'cause it's slimming and he is fat. You know, it's like, and, and, and you watch it, it's hilarious. And you realize that, I mean, this is the difference. There's so many difference between him and Kamala. But this, especially that Kamala is totally incapable of that both speaking off the cuff and being funny for five minutes or for even one minute. But also to be self-deprecating in that way. That's just very, by The way, here's an Interesting is a bone that is a bone that Trump grew.


You wanna talk about Trump growing, that is a bone he grew. Okay. When, when Trump first stepped on the scene in 20 15, 20 16, he did not do self-deprecating. That's right. That is something that you actually saw. I hear that great line, that great line where he said, I'm supposed to do self-deprecating humor, but I, I've got nothing. Remember what the, but but he, he's actually gotten good at it. He also had that moment, he had that moment on the other podcast, the name of which escaped me, where, where he said, where he said, when you invent a, an, an ugly name to call somebody, he's gotta be like, PME pme. You know? And I just thought like, that's that is brilliant because he's actually telling you he's a character. Yes. You know, he's a playing a character to some degree and he's, he's happy to let you know it. You know, Here's a question that is worth posing to people in your life that loathed him and, and loved her or loathed him and were okay with her.


And it just occurred to me, now ask them, do you think you know Donald Trump? They will all say yes. Do you think you know Kamala Harris? Right? Yeah. No one thinks they know you. See, This is a great point, Dennis. 'cause we're, we're, we're saying she did a good job on this speech. Let, let's not confuse her with Parles here. We're saying she did a good job. 'cause she didn't sound deranged or drugged up or comatose. You know, she still didn't offer anything. And so I, I agree with your point, Jeremy, that she would've done better for sure if we saw that candidate. I think she would've done better to like 2 35 electoral votes. You know, I don't think, I don't, I think she's getting a little bump out of that, but she still didn't offer anything.


To your point, Ben, she tried this at, at the beginning of the, of the campaign. It doesn't work. It's not sustainable. One thing that might've helped her in the campaign is if people could have pinned her down on a policy position or an achievement ever once even in her life. But, but she tried to be all things to all people and without any actual convictions. It just totally flo. And, and I think the other thing that that happened is that when even when she would tell stories about herself, they would betray nothing about her. Yeah. Right. She would say she, she, she obviously relished in telling the story about how Joe Biden called her and, and said that he was dropping out and how she said, are you okay, Joe? Are you, that was her first. Are you okay, Joe? But she said she was doing an interview and she's like, you wanna know a detail that was happening then I was making breakfast for, for my nieces.


That was the detail. It's like, well, that was riveting. Thank you. Thank you for that insight into your life. But she also, she loves Doritos. Yes. She loves Doritos. That came up many times on the campaign Show. And you know, something that you know about Donald Trump, you know why, for example, he doesn't drink or do drugs. Yeah. Because he has actually told us why he doesn't drink or do drugs because of his brother. Yeah. Right. And so like, like these are things that if, if you're talking about like personal, authentic details, these are actual things that do matter. I I do wanna raise a glass to the person who's even happier than we are today. And that of course is Dr. Joe Biden, the greatest doctor in America. Dr. Jill, if you're watching this, a tribute to you, madam, because let me just say you and your husband did an excellent job of just putting that knife directly between Kamala Harris and shoulder blades in the late stages of this campaign, twisting it.


Wait, you and you and Donald J. Trump, you'll meet on a beach in Zi wane after a, where you'll be friends, lifelong friends one day because it is, it is, I I have to say Jill hates Kamala, like hates Kamala Harris and Joe hates Kamala Harris and the be the happiest person today, I'm not sure. Is President Trump the happiest person today? Might in fact be Joseph Robin at Biden. Yes. I I think I just solved the election. Kamala Harris, not the brightest bulb is introduced to Dr. Jill Biden. Dr. Jill Biden writes a prescription on a napkin to Kamala Harris.


Kamala Harris doesn't know that Dr. Jill Biden isn't a doctor. Kamala Harris goes and gets that prescription filled, filled. She is stoned for 118 straight days. Yeah. Can't form a cogent sentence drifts through her campaign. Jeremy, I've noticed a sort of light motif to your commentary on this. On the, on the day after losing the prescription runs out, she walks out on stage, not even sure how she came to be here. And suddenly she's cogent and coherent, but not still not smart. Still thinks that Dr. Joe Biden is a doctor, but I don't know, just not Doped up. Just not doped Up. You know, I I will say as insulting as the narrative that the media ran out, that Joe Biden was mentally competent, which was the most insulting narrative.


And I think it really did have a market effect on this campaign. Like if Joe Biden had been the campaign since if, if Kamala Harris has been the candidate since 2022 or 2023, this is a very different looking race. I think the fact that Joe Biden did stick around that long and that that lie was promulgated for full on years, and That she, and that she contributed to That lie, and that she contri and, and maintained that lie till today, we'll still say that behind closed doors, man's doing backhand springs and such that, that that the other lie that I can, there, there's so many lies about Kamala Harris and her and her entire campaign that I cannot abide. Obviously the one personally that I cannot abide is Doug Emh Jew. Like if, if I have to hear Doug Emh is the emissary of the Jewish people, one more time, I'm going to, my head will turn 360 like Linda Blair in the Exorcist tikun vomiting in all directions.


But the, the real lie that they kept saying is they kept telling us how qualified and intelligent she was. I'm sorry, she isn't, she isn't. The proof is in front of you. She's not a particularly bright person. And I know Donald Trump got ripped up and down for saying that she was the low IQ person. She is not a particularly bright person, okay? She's not an A DIQ person, but this is not a person who's two standard deviations above the American average. Okay? You watch her speak and she's doing an impression of what a middle brow person thinks a very smart person sounds like, and it's a bad impersonation. And that lie was so transparent and so obvious, and they kept saying that she was intellectually outclassing him. And all you got was just this, just like pap and pap and memorize pap and like that, that's not intelligence Donald Trump for all of his flaws.


The man has an innate grasp of important things. And it turns out that an innate grasp of important things is significantly more important than your ability to regurgitate platitudes that you memorized in the back room before a debate. Yeah. The other lies that, there's one thing that I th I'm the only person in American public life who I heard talk about the reality of how our enemies perceived us elevating a woman of no merit to run the world's sole global superpower. It's amazing to me that we just ran this race and no one talked about what it would mean for our national security to do such a thing. There's, there's another unique point of view that I heard during this race, and it came from Matt Walsh, who is the only person I've heard have the audacity to point out that she is not a parent.


That she gave speech after speech after speech, talking about how one of the hardest things she's done in her life was parent children, which she never did. She married a man with a 20-year-old, which is an, an adult and a 15-year-old, which I know the world's a little different now than it used to be. My, my parents cannot tell you what I did from the ages of 14 to today. Yeah. Right. They, so she did not parent a 15-year-old. I'm not saying she had no responsibilities. I'm not trying to take away any, any contributions that she may have made in their lives. But when you tell someone that parenting is the hardest thing you'll ever do, that is not what they have in mind. Yeah. Al also, JD Vance was right about this. He was right about the lonesome cat ladies.


He was also, he, he wouldn't have said this, but it's also true that women grow wise raising children in the same way men grow wise working. And that is, that is really what, where women, why older women, you talk to them and they don't have to have the highest iq. They don't have to think in the same way men do. And they say things, you go like, oh yeah, that's right. That actually is telling me something I didn't see before. And she doesn't have that. And I think, you know, it matters. It does matter. It doesn't matter that you have a leader with no children. It matters if you have too many leaders with no children. I mean, this is what make, this is what invest you and gives you flesh in the future. And I think that, that, that actually is an important fact about her. There's something empty and and missing about her. And I'm not saying it is because of she doesn't have children, but it's because she doesn't have children.


I mean, it's, she didn't have that experience. Yeah. Yeah. It's, I'm not saying also though, though, I, I do think the left makes a point when they say her sex was a factor here. I think it was a factor among women. I know plenty of women who, who wouldn't vote for a woman to be president. Okay. And it's politically incorrect to say so, but there are plenty of women who feel that way and plenty of men who feel that way too because they think men and women are different. Yeah. This is, this is my point. There are women who can be incredible Thatcher as a PM or I don't know, Empress Maria, Tracy, queen e Elizabeth or Queen Elizabeth, you know, so, and really, and, and women possessing, you know, although Queen Elizabeth wasn't actually a head of state the first now that Second was Yeah. She was the head of stage. She didn't actually Run a before, but also grant the Thatcher exception grant, the Maria Teresa exception grant, those are exceptions.


You know, and I, I'll grant you and she ain't Kamala, ain't no Margaret Thatcher. I'll grant you a Hillary Clinton exception. Yes. Yes. At least, at least when our enemies around the world who have no respect whatsoever for women who do not believe that women can be strong, the Chinese don't believe that a female president is going to be a credible threat against them. Vladimir Putin doesn't believe that a female president can be a credible threat against them. The Iranians don't believe that a female president can be a credible threat against them. At least when they look at Hillary Clinton. Yeah. Who did stare them down as Secretary of State whose husband had been president and deployed the United States military, who was kind of a tough old battleax by the time. Yeah. No, there was no question. At least when they looked at her, there was, it was poss they would at least have to think, well, I don't know what if I'm wrong. Yeah. They don't look at Kamala Harris and feel any of that.


No way. And I'm sorry, the world doesn't work based on American values on very, by the way, novel Western values, by the way. And This, the, The, the world works on strength and is run by bad men. And bad men don't look at Kamala Harris and think, oh, I wouldn't test her. Yeah. They look at Kamala Harris and think, I am taking Taiwan. Yes. And by the way, she doesn't understand the thing you're saying. Right. One of the reports that came out like a week and a half before the election was, was that report in the New York Times that said that very early on she started receiving intelligence briefings. And one of the first things she did when she read the intelligence briefings is she thought that the intelligence briefers were using gendered language to describe female leaders of foreign countries.


And so she literally called up the members of the intelligence community and asked them why they were using sexist language to describe female leaders of foreign countries. And this led to the formation of a DEI committee in the intelligence community in order to go through. And it turned out, by the way, they weren't using gendered language, it didn't matter. They still built up an actual, in like an actual structure inside the intelligence community, make sure the intelligence briefings did not contain sexist language. Oh my goodness. You wondering why Vladimir Putin might, you know, test her a little or Xi Jinping? That would be why.


By the way, folks, we are so thankful for the sponsors that we've had on our daily wire election coverage. We wanna take a moment to tell you about two of them. Well, after the countless long days we've had over the last few months from campaign stops to this week's election coverage. I cannot express, in all words how excited I am to go home and sleep in my bowling branch sheets. This is true, by the way, they're truly the softest, most luxurious sheets ever made. Now if you know me, I'm someone who likes facts and logic. Here are the facts. These sheets are made from 100% organic cotton. They're breathable, ethically made. They get soft with every single wash. Unlike most things in life that claim to be premium quality, these sheets are in fact the real deal. I'm talking about the kind of quality you feel immediately the moment you touch them. You'll understand why over half a million Americans, including geniuses like me, sleep on these sheets every single night. By the way, I actually do bring a bullet and branch blanket with me when I'm, when I'm on the road. They are, they are in fact that good. I don't like the hotel sheet. So I, I should bring a blanket with me from bullet and branch on the road. And As Donald Trump said, we have to protect our geniuses. Agreed. And Bullet and Branch believes that too. This holiday season, give to yourself or your loved ones, a better night's sleep at Bo and Branch right now is their best offer of the entire year for 25% off plus free shipping on your first set of sheets, head on over to boland branch.com/ben. That's Bo and branch B-O-L-L-A-N-D branch.com/ben. Four 25% off limited time only exclusions apply C site for details.


I also wanna tell you about our friends over at Birch Gall Group. You may have heard of them before. After holding our breath for the past several months, we can finally exhale. Work can finally be done on some of the major issues this country is facing one of the most significant issues being our national debt. The fact is our nation is broke. That debt is a house of cards that can't quickly be dismantled. Michael, do you have plans to protect your vast savings that you have received at our hands? I certainly do, Ben, because well, well, you take blankets and things with you on the road. I take borrow of gold if the apocalypse kicks off. I know. I don't, I I, but I do invest in gold. And let me tell you something. Over the past few weeks, I am glad that I have diversified my portfolio into gold. It's a, a really great thing as long as the economy is a little bit, you know, dicey, which is basically all the time, it is really a, a good thing to consider diversifying into gold. That is why you want a safe haven for your savings. Birch Gold Group, my gold company will help you convert an I RRA or 401k into an IRA in physical gold. Best news is does not cost you Ben, not one penny out of pocket. Incredible. It only takes the removal of one card for the whole house of cards to fall. Protect your savings with gold Text Ben to 98. 98. 98, get your free info kit. Plus right now through Black Friday, you'll receive a free one ounce Silver Eagle for every $5,000 purchased as the exclusive gold partner of the Daily Wire for the past eight years. You can trust Birch Gold as I do to help you protect your savings. Text Ben to 98. 98 98 today. And again, these sponsors, these are longtime supporters of the Daily Wear. So please support them because they support us. And by the way, their products are awesome. We could not do what we do without them.


I I would like to ask a, the group a question. I, I pulled a Dennis Prager like experiment this morning. I have a, a friend in New York who is a devout Jew who is as, as shattered by October 7th. As, as Ben, who was, I would say he was shattered by October 7th. That's fair. And should and should well be sure. And she's a Democrat. And I've discussed with her, I don't Believe you Know, it is, it is absolutely true. I still don't believe you, but it's, But it's, but it's true. Continue. So, So I've told her what I think in, in very mild manner terms, and she doesn't believe me because she's got that, that Democrat thing. She's, so, I said to her today, this is going to be a great presidency.


Watch what this president does, not what the media says he does. Watch what he does, not what he says. And just tell me if he's not better for the things that you care deeply about. And she's almost been all Israel since this has happened. And she said, okay, I will, any chance that's gonna work If it hasn't worked already, I have doubts that it's gonna work in the future. You know, again, the reason I don't believe you is not because you are innately non-credible, although that is one reason. Yeah, of course. But I work at that. The real Reason I have trouble believing that is if somebody is truly shattered by October 7th and truly shattered by, by what happened, changed your entire personality. If, if it changed your entire personality, I don't know how you can look yourself in the mirror and look at what Joe Biden and Kamala Harris have done to the state of Israel in the middle of an existential war on seven fronts.


And then say that Donald Trump, the most pro-ISIS Israel president in American history, BARR, none. There, there are no close competitors that, that you are, you are so bewildered and befuddled by Donald Trump that you have to vote for Kamala Harris who couldn't bring herself to even say that Israel was not coming a genocide when people were protesting her rallies. I can explain it to you. Okay. Please. Yeah. She, she gets all her news. That's right. Places like the New York Times. And so she thinks that what she thinks, oh, he's for Israel. He's, And the New York Times was not shattered by October 7th. Yeah. Right. So she gets her news from something that has no empathy with her, with her own reactions. But that, that's, it's a farce. That's part, but that's the part I find bewildering, because I don't know how you could read The New York Times, which runs stories that shall we say are, are mildly non-credible about Things like Israeli Soldiers Shooting children in the head for sports.


Right. They ran a front page story suggesting that's what Israeli soldiers were doing. And then they ran x-rays that were clearly not credible X-rays along with that story. And I, and, and she still believes the New York Times, every Orthodox Jew that I know canceled the New York Times in 1997, I'm not even kidding you. Okay. Because that was the year that was been against. That was the year they ran on the front page of the New York Times a photo showing an Israeli soldier who was defending a kid who was being, who was having the crap kicked out of him by Palestinians. And they ran the story, the kid, there was a bleeding kid, I remember Soldier. And they ran that, the, the caption underneath the picture suggesting that it was an Israeli soldier beating a Palestinian child. They ran it on the front page of the New York Times. Every single Jew that I know, except for Dennis, who has to read it for informational purposes.


Every single Jew that I know canceled the New York Times if they cared about that. The New York Times has been a laughing stock in the Orthodox. Shut up. But I She's not getting, she's not that Into new, by the way, this is, I should point out that Donald Trump did great with the Jews this, this, this election. Yes. Yeah. Did great. He, he won, he won districts in New Jersey. He has not come close to winning. He, he won in excess of 43% of the vote in New York. One third of New York City went for Donald, New York City, went for Donald Trump in this election cycle. There were, there were trucks that were broadcasting songs in Yiddish about voting. I I showed one to Knowles before, before the actual, but it was amazing. They're, they're going through Lakewood, New Jersey with a school bus blasting out in Yiddish, vote for Donald Trump. It's, I wanna say that this is, this is a place where I think you, you have a little bit of a blind spot, Ben, and it's, it's because you have a very high expectation of people generally, and particularly have a very high expectation of, of your fellow Jews.


The truth is, most people are only beginning to wake up to the fact Yes. That the media is not credible. That's fair. That's fair. Most people's, that's what, That's fair What I'm saying. That's fair. That's fair. And It is incredibly hard to change your priors. I mean, it's almost impossible for a person to change their priors. It, it requires, it requires the one thing that humans are the most loathed to do, which is admit that they're wrong. And I'm not exaggerating when I say people literally take their own lives because that is easier. I I agree with you than changing Agree. Their view of themselves, their View of the world Absolutely. Than changing their mind. But that, and, and, and we have friends, we've talked about 'em on the show. I don't think it does that much good to name them because we, we have had relationships with them in the past, but we have friends who act today as though Donald Trump were never president of the United States.


Yeah. All of them, all of them have done that. Yeah. There is no, there is, they are not impacted at all. Yeah. By the actual record of the man being president. Yeah. There are, they're still reacting to him as though it were the year 2016 because they came to a conclusion in 2016. By the way, I came to that same conclusion in 2016. I, I wrote a series of letters to my friend Dennis Prager in 2016. Some of the things I said came true. Some of the things that I said did not, the presidency of Donald Trump was the test of the theories that I put forward in 2016. And now I can tell you which parts came true. I can tell you which parts didn't, and I can tell you how that's impacted how I see, I, I'd like to Donald Trump I'd, but they don't do that. I wanna react to your point about people not giving up what they have held, which is, that's the great book.


The God that failed. Oh, it's great book about people who believed in communism and then saw that it was the greatest mass murder movement in the history of, of, of humanity. Wonderful book. So what people need to understand, and I this is the central message of my, of my life's work, has been the consequences of secularism. What happens in a post Judeo-Christian world. That's been the most constant theme of all of my work. And the answer is that people do not stop being religious. They just change religions. Secular religions simply substitute for Judaism and Christianity. Environmentalism is a religion.


Feminism is a religion. Communism is a religion, socialism is a religion. All of the, all of these are religions. And a a, an a an environmentalist is as likely to give up the belief that the world is about to implode from global warming as a Christian is going to give up belief in Christ. That that is what we need to understand. They have adopted religion. The great quote is not from me. I don't, they say it's from GK Chesterton, but we have no proof that he said it, but he probably did. 'cause he was just so bright. But whoever said it, when people stop believing in God, they don't believe in nothing.


They believe in anything. And it's only secular people who say men give birth. Not all secular people say it, but only secular people say it. Why? That alone doesn't keep people or convince people that God is necessary. Even if you don't believe, you don't know there's a God I don't care. I want you to understand what Douglas Murray, who is an agnostic, understands the end of religion in the west is the end of the west. You know, the, the, the thing that I'll say also to, to you, Jeremy, is you're right, I do hold religious people and my fellow Orthodox Jews to a higher standard. And that's because they're supposedly holding themselves to a higher standard.


So there is a higher burden on you if you're a religious person, to hold up the facts of the world against the religious values that you claim to hold central to you. You know, the, the, the thing as a religious person that you are called upon to do is to place aside your personal valuation of particular situations in favor of the values that are actually eternal. And so, if you are having such a hard time giving up your perception that the New York Times is a, a solid and wonderful newspaper that you're unwilling to see through that, because for some reason that, that holds, that holds an identity to you in some way, no matter how many times your, your fellow Orthodox Jews are saying to you, for example, look at what he's actually doing, just look at it.


Then that betrays a lack of, it does betray a lack of principle in some way. Most people read just the headlines. I, I understand. So it, it, listen, ignorance is, ignorance is a defense, but at a certain point, ignorance is no longer a defense. Right. Of course, I'm defending, I'm defending Drew's friend whom I do not know or know anything about, only because I'm a Zion, a shill And I assume that at some point, I've always said that, that at some point I'll be paid for my defense effort in shekels. You always get paid in. But, but no, all, all I, all I'm saying is that the very fact that she said to Drew today, okay, I'll do that, yeah. Means that in this one individual case, there's some hope. I don't think that we can say that this is a person for whom we can conclude that ignorance is no longer a defense.


I think this is a person who possibly is in the process of waking up to their ignorance. And it's difficult, particularly, I I, I bring this up sometimes on the show, right? It's difficult for people like us who spend our time advocating for values. And when you advocate for values you're necessarily advocating for, for black and white, you're, you're necessarily advocating for absolutes. But no, humans live within the realm of absolutes. Humans live in the very, very messy thing called reality. And in the messy place called reality. When we say, I, I only say this for the audience, you know my argument 'cause you've heard it. But when we say, for example, you know, if you, if you want to have a successful life, it's easy.


There's really only three things you need to know. Don't have sex before you or, or, or don't No childbearing before, No, no childbearing before marriage. Get a job, finish high school, Get a job, finish high school And, and get married. But, but Ben has, has cited this study many times that the three most determinative things, don't have a child before you're married. Finish high school, Finish high school, get a job. But most people to whom we're speaking, if they're, if they're not already living the life that we're trying to call them to have already failed at one or two or three of those things. And so we have to make sure that while we're advocating for our set of values, we leave room for people to live in the messy world and draw, and draw near to be. Because by the way, we, we also don't perfectly embody our values at best.


We're trying to draw near to God, and we have maybe different points of view about exactly how that's accomplished. But w that that's the only place where I'm pushing back and, and pushing back in particular because I know that I think that you, in some ways, because of your superpowers, in some ways because of them, it can be hard for you sometimes to see that mere mortals sometimes are striving towards something because No, I, I, I get that. But, but it, I will say that I think particularly because the last year has been with the last year has been, of course, it, it, it is an angering thing that people have not woken up earlier. It sure is. I like, like the, I mean, again, I hope that your friend really holds by that. I hope that your friend does reconsider.


I hope that the whole American people take this opportunity, frankly, to reconsider the inevitability and the reality of Donald Trump's second presidency. And stop looking at it through the prism of MSNBC's linguistic inability to understand Donald Trump and start looking at as is your life better? Because I think 51% of the population in the United States already concluded their life was better than, than Donald Trump. And they also, they did. And they did what you said. They did pay attention. A lot of people, even on the left have said that voters paid attention to the fact that they were, life was better under Trump. And I hope that your friend will make the check payable to Jeremy d we we'll talk after, we'll talk Matt. Yeah. We also just can't underestimate the extent to which most anti, maybe not your friend, but the extent to which many anti-Trump people have just organized their whole identity around this, the simple fact of being anti-Trump.


Yeah. And you know, we talk about the, the, the cult to personality around Trump. But there's this, like, there's this an there's, there's a, on on the other side, there's a, there's this strange sort of answer to that where I'm not sure we've ever seen that before around a particular person where you've got millions of people who find their identity in hating that one individual person. Well, There is a deep religious phenomenon going on, which is like so much of liberalism just an ape and an inversion of Christianity, which is in Christianity, especially drawing from the neoplatonic tradition that comes up through the scholastics in Christianity going back to St. Augustine, even there's this notion that existence is good.


So there is good and good exists. We're not living in a manican dualist world where there's the good force and the bad force and the ever at odds. There's just good God is just good and evil in the Christian view is the privation of the good in, in modern liberal ideology. There really is no absolute good. It's, there's just absolute evil. There is the pure incarnation of evil in Hitler where you could say even Hitler's not Hitler, or now in Trump, when they say Trump is Hitler, they're saying evil is evil. Trump is evil. He's the, he's the, but, but that is, that is an inversion of the Christian view. There Have been three major horror movies that came out in the last year in which there was a demon, but there was no, God, I'd never, I'd never seen even one of it was a, a sequel to the Exorcist.


There was, they were possessed, but there was no God to, it was only if you believed something and You could bring in all these other religious traditions to Exercise. Yes. And religious tra tradition was as good as any other. I I, I've never seen that in a horror movie before where the evil is pure and the evil exists. Yes. But, but there's no, It's a great example of this. Yeah. E evil from the point of view of an nihilist. Yeah.


I'm gonna ask three questions from daily wire.com members. These are people who support the work that we do and I think receive good value from it. For example, access to all the shows, access to the films made by, well, only Matt Walsh of this lot makes any, but we, there are other films on platform That's, you made it Lady Ballers. Oh, that's true. There was a Lady Ballers movie. You can go over to daily wire.com/subscribe. Become a member for 47% off today. You could use promo code Trump. Trump is our 47th president. It'll never, I'll never get tired of saying it. It's pretty fun. He lied and there'll never be a 48. So this promo code will last for a thousand years. He, He, he, He, he lied to me. He promised me that we would win so much. I'd be tired of winning. Yeah. And I'm not tired of winning. I slept for two hours last night. I'm tired from winning. I'm not tired Of winning. I want more. I want more winning. Yeah.


So As a, as a preamble to this first question, I wanna tell you about the most moving moment of the night last night. And two people experienced it. Actually Caleb experienced it, and then independently I experienced it. I think Caleb experienced the, the fir the actual moment of it. And I experienced a version of it a few minutes later. But even, even for me, it was moving. The celebration had happened. I think this happened To me as well. I Think we Are just, we Are just, this happened to me too. I, yeah, Because I think it was a profound moment. It was profound. It was the only time I, I choked up Because, so we probably all had a, a moment of this. The whole thing was happening and our dear friend, AKA black Jeremy, that was It. Yeah, Yeah. Walked up and said he, he put his arms around me and he said, I'm not going to prison.


I Just wrote about this. Yeah. Unbelievable. And AKA was there on January 6th, AKA did not engage in any violence on January 6th, but he was, he was there. He was, he, he had his home raided by the FBI in Southern California two years ago, Day after a Movie premiere. No, no, no, no, no. He had his home rated two years ago in Southern California. And then an entire year after having his home rated, you know, by armed agents, he flew out here for the premiere of Lady Ballers, which he had played a small and very, very funny role in. And when he flew, flew home, they pulled him out of line at the airport in LA and arrested him. They, they had had years, two, three years to have done this.


In fact, they had raided his home and still not, and they arrested him at that moment. And so here was aka realizing, and I say this to say, there are genuine, genuine consequences of elections. And here was a man realizing in real time what this means for him as a, as a person. And the question from the member is, do you think Trump will pardon everyone from January 6th and the people that were jailed for praying in front of the abortion clinics? I think he, he, if he doesn't, that would be the worst possible sign that, that he's not going to use this opportunity to advance his agenda in any, in any meaningful way. But I think he will. I mean, he must, he must. And I absolutely think he will.


I I, I would be shocked To hear, You may, you might not. Pardon every single, there may have been people who actually committed acts of violence. There were people, yes, there were people on January 6th Jail. But 90% are political. Political. And there's an important point to make. I agree with you. There's an important point to make looking down the barrel, that we have a Republican White House Senate, and probably house, when, when the member asked this question about people who are jailed for praying in front of abortion clinics, they're talking about a law called the Face Act. Yeah. Which was passed in the nineties. It was under Bill Clinton. It was a dishonest law from the start because it said it was gonna pro protect access to abortion clinics on one end and places of worship on the other. And that second part was completely fake. It was contrived to get the law through.


That is not what the law is used for. The law is used to punish pro-lifers And pregnancy. That's right. Pregnancy centers too. It's supposed to protect. It's Supposed to protect. It's never used to do that. And they've been burned down and nothing has done, Done course and never, it is only used to go after pro-lifers who demonstrate peacefully at baby killing mills. And I am calling on Republican lawmakers in the house and in the Senate and on President Trump, who's the most pro-life president we've ever had. Please put all your political capital that you got behind repealing the Face Act, which is one of the most unjust laws in the United States. Beautiful innocent people, 75-year-old women who all they do is pray peacefully in front of abortion clinics are sitting in prison right now in nasty, dangerous prisons because of this disgusting law.


It's one of the gravest injustices in the country. Every Republican lawmaker get up when, when you're sworn into office and repeal the face act finally. Absolutely. But, but before that is repealed. And that needs to happen. Trump also just needs to Pardon and Also pardon those There, there are old women who are right now going to federal prison Yes. Atrocity Yes. For praying in front of abortion clinic. And so that's something that, and I, I truly believe he'll do this almost right away. He must do it. And I think he will do it. Yep. How do you think, I love asking questions. How do you think Merrick Garland will be regarded to the extent that he's ever remembered? I, I mean, it's a serious question. Well, he's your, yeah. He's your brother, drew. He turned, he turned out to, to be a very bad human being.


And, and that was the portrayal of him when he was nominated for the Supreme Court was angelic. And he, and he turned out to be diabolic. Well, It may even be the case that he was a better man. People are broken by the circumstances. Some people rise to circumstances. I think people are interrupted, are defeated by circumstances. That's interesting answer. And we talked last night about John McCain again, John McCain patriot, John McCain Hero. I know. He's that example. And he gave into his hatred of Trump. Yes. And it seems to me Merrick Garland gave into his to this hatred. Right. So it's a, it's a one of these great philosophical questions to which there may be an answer. Can you know anyone, including yourself until you're tested, until they Have power.


It's a very, very tough question to answer. Yes. And it is, it goes to my fundamental problem as we've been discussing this of late too with, with Christians in America, in particular with evangelicals who abstain from the political process to maintain their vision of their own purity. That God disciplines those whom he loves. That doesn't mean that God punishes those whom he loves, doesn't mean that God breaks those whom he loves. In fact, you know, it's in the Bible. I I I think it's a New Testament idea, but that a bruised read, he will not break. But discipline is different. God does discipline those whom he loves. And you are disciplined through trial.


You're disciplined through testing. So I think that no, you cannot know yourself until you're tested. And I believe that it is the responsibility of a man to go out into the world where the tests await. And if you abstain from life to maintain your idyllic view of yourself, what you're actually doing is saying, I would rather not be tested and see myself as good than be tested and find out, or probably more accurately it's not be tested and find out it's be tested and be made better. You know, it, it's an interesting paradox that as, as Jordan said last night, and this is absolutely true, the left looks at every relationship in terms of power. The power is the only reality they believe in.


And yet they never question what it's going to do to people to have the power, for instance, to redistribute wealth. Which is, to me, the great flaw in Marxism is that there's this entity, the state that is going to do all these things, but nobody's gonna have any power. And you know, you, the minute you give people that power, they become corrupt, is incredibly Corrupting. So in terms of tests, I'd like to share something that I addressed to Christians a about, yeah. A year ago, after October 7th, when this a certain eruption, I don't wanna overstate how much, but a certain eruption of antisemitism took place in the most proje non-Jewish country in the history of, of the world since perhaps Darius is Persia. And what I'd said was a lot of, not a lot, but I'm reading reports of Jews taking down the mezuzah from their doorpost.


Mm. Mezuzah is this is this little box containing a little part of the Torah, love God with all your heart. And the, the credo of Judaism hero Israel, the Lord of God, of the Lord is one. And I said, instead of Jews taking it down, why don't Christians put up azua on their doorpost? And I want to just say, and I'm, I'm almost holding back tears. The number of Christians who sent me pictures of themselves standing in front of their door with the mezuzah. And I, this is a perfect, the daily wire is a perfect vehicle for that project. This, this, you're, you're not defying the Gestapo, you're not risking your life or limb, but you are doing something heroic.


Yeah. Just putting that little box on your door post. I know several people who started wearing Patty stars, which Patty Hiton? Patty Hinton did it. Patty's great. Yep. Patty of incredibly devout Catholic and, and actress and Nashville resident, longtime friend of all of ours, I think really took up that Yep. Took up that. Cause it was, it's basically, it's not a, in any way for a Christian, a violation of anything. No. That verse in our Bible. Exactly. Love God and love your neighbor. The two great principles, this is begins with the love God. Dennis, what do you think about this option? Instead of putting the MEUs up, could I just wear a giant strel where, because I think those look really cool. One, the firm ones. So wait, wait, wait. They're expensive. Wait. Oh, I just wear one. Just wear it orange in general.


Put a picture of you wearing one instead of the osa. It Could be my new headshot. What can, this is actually, this is my favorite question. Of all the questions asked by daily wire.com members during the broadcast today, what concessions should be made by Republicans to keep this level of participation and support from the center and center left? Essentially, Donald Trump picked up enormous gains among non-traditionally conservative voters. The question is obviously a controversial one. It's what continued compromises should be made to keep that coalition In place. You don't have to, Trump didn't give up much. He spoke in a somewhat mely mouthed way on abortion, which was the one issue the Democrats were getting some traction on.


Other than that, and I don't think he conceded much, if anything, in principle, Bobby Kennedy was, was scandalized by his own party. Elon Musk was scandalized by his own party. The the people on the left were just the, the, the left had gone too far. And so they started to make this turn of their heads and their minds to the right. That's an opening and an opportunity for us. Just as, I dunno, when I was younger, I was less conservative. I was always kind of conservative. But I've become deeper in my conservatism over time. Well, good. Let's welcome Kennedy or Elon, wherever they are. But let's invite them to come a little deeper into conservatism. I think, you know, we, they're on our team now and team politics is important, so let's bring 'em in so that, That's, that's very idealistic and I think almost totally wrong.


So I, I think the reason I say that is because Donald Trump went through the Republican national platform and stripped three quarters of the policy out of it. He forcibly, he forcibly dissociated from project 2025 and then said publicly a week before the election, anyone whose name was in project 2025 could not be part of the administration. So the idea that he didn't make concessions in order to win a broader coalition is not true. Now, I, I think the answer to the question is, it's situational. Okay. So one of the things that I think's really important, particularly in our line of work is to separate the principled from the pragmatic. These are not exactly the same thing. And when you are in the practice of politics, the principle has to be tempered by pragmatism. So it's our job to say how far politicians are straying from principle, and then it's their job to try and get 80% of the pie.


And so the question is, how much do you have to give up in order to continue to receive 51% of the vote? And I think, I mean, let's be real. It was a landslide in the terms that we use for presidential elections and a landslide. I mean, like normally if you say 51 48, that's, that's now considered a presidential landslide in any other area of American life. If you said that you had a room of a hundred people and 51 voted one way and 48 voted the other, you wouldn't go, my God, that's a blowout. You'd say that's, that's pretty close. In other words, this is a very, very tightly divided country still clearly. Right. We've had three consecutive incredibly tight elections. And if you go back before Barack Obama, you had a very tight election in 2004 and a very tight election in 2000. This is a very closely divided country. What that means is William F. Buckley, who is now widely derided for reasons that escape my understanding that will William F. Buckley once said that the, the purpose of a primary is to select the most plausible conservative candidate who could win.


Right? The most conservative candidate who can win. And that is the same answer today. Who is the, what is the most conservative thing that you can push and still win and still win? It sounds like ugly to us because we're in the business of principle. And it should sound ugly because pragmatism is dirtying. It's what you said about, you know, religious people getting involved in politics. It means that you have to make concessions and bargains with things that you don't like. Listen, as you say, I'm, I'm as pro, Jeremy and I are exactly the same on pro life issue. I'd love a candidate who came out and tomorrow said, constitutional amendment banning all abortion in the United, like, that'd be great also. That is a great way to alienate. Yep. Elon Musk and alienate Joe Rogan and I, all the people who voted for if, if, if Donald Trump had run on a platform that we all approve of socially.


Yeah. Right. Like traditional marriage, for example. Traditional, let's say he went back to like the 2004 Republican platform, traditional marriage, no abortion, even up to, even if you took the George W. Bush position with exceptions for rape and incest who've been too much for them, those positions. Rogan's not on board. Elon's not on board. Okay. That's the reality. The, the entire, the Republican party just jettisoned two thirds of its economic program in terms of spending. I'm old enough to remember the Tea Party. It wasn't that long ago. The Tea Party was all about government spending a national debt. Donald Trump spent the most money of any president in history up until Joe Biden. And, and so that, that was jettisoned in order to win votes. Pretending that didn't happen doesn't make the thing go away. And I think, and, and I also think it's dangerous to pretend that it did, because then you actually are sacrificing the principle.


But I, you know, you didn't change the principle. The principle is in fact being negotiated in order to achieve the thing. That's not a sin, that's not, that's just called politics. But that is how you get to Al majority. There's a little idealism in this view of things too though, because we, we all remember the Halon days of the Tea party. The tea party in office did not accomplish very much. Republicans have not cut spending since Calvin Coolidge by my, by my calculation. I agree. So you know, this, the Point I'm making is that the revealed preferences of the American people tend to actually be pretty consistent. Okay. Here's where the American people are by pretty much every poll statistic. Okay? And regardless, this is not about what we want. This is what the American people keep showing the American people on abortion restrictions. If you were to take like a national average, okay, so we're during national elections, not in each state.


Yep. Right. Florida's gonna ban abortion. New York's gonna have abortions till you're nine. But like on the average, the American people are somewhere between 12 and 15 weeks on abortion bans. If you're looking at, if you're looking at entitlement spending, the American people are fine with entitlement spending. They don't want the entitlement touched, they want that maintained. And they get very, very scared anytime anyone talks about a serious entitlement reform, including smart ones like the one that should have been done in 2005 when George W. Bush essentially recommended, you know, for all the hatred we have, his proposal on social security would've made this country so much richer. It's not even imaginable. Okay. He suggested that we just take what you were putting into social security and put in a private savings account that would've been invested in the stock market. Can you imagine if they had done that? The stock market is currently riding at 43,000.


The Dow Jones Industrial average. I I don't even remember what it was riding at in 2005. I promise you it was a fraction of that. So the, all that's been Jenison. Okay. And, and may the American people don't care about that. They also don't want high taxes. They want low taxes, they want high spending, they want some abortion restrictions, but not tons of abortion restrictions. They don't seem to care too much about gay marriage anymore. Yeah. Right. Like this is where the American people are. They Want school choice and they want the border closed. Right. They want school choice. And then on our side, they want school choice. They want the border closed. No, No, no. Not just on our side. No, no morality on, on both sides. I Mean that on an issue. Our they want school choice, they want the border closed. They want a strong American military that deters that deters war and prevents foreign actors from doing bad things to us. They want strong policing, right?


Like they're, They want mass deportations. I mean yes, that's a, Yeah, that's a majority. That's a majority mass Deportation. Yeah. And it'll be interesting to see, by the way, I do wonder when it comes to mass deportations, whether the revealed preference of the American people will be different from the thing that they're saying right now. Yeah. Because I think when most people think mass deportations, they're thinking of the Venezuelan gang members who are taking over apartment buildings in Colorado. They're not thinking of, you know, the gardeners in, in, in Los Angeles. You Know, Trump knows that. You know, I know he knows That that's why he's not gonna do it. The Way thing, the other thing we're really fortunate about is we need some structural changes that nobody is gonna really be thinking about. You know, the, the whole thing about the bureaucracy, about Chevron, those are huge, huge deals. Huge because they, you know, I, I think of Trump, you know, before, before the running back, I hate to use a football metaphor, but I love the game.


The before the running back can take off. Some 300 pound guy has got a, knocked the lineman out of his way. That's the way I think of Donald Trump. I think, I think he's setting, setting and He should teach this stuff to Tim Wall. He might have Won, if you know this, you know, if you, when you're running a pick six play. No, I, I think, I think this is the moment when the future of conservatism, the, the structure of the future of conservatism will be built. It's not when conservatism will be built. So I would like to read, It's when will become possible, I would like to read one thing to everyone and then ask Dennis Prager a question before we part. And here's what I would like to read you. I I have not pre, I have not read this in advance, so you're experiencing it as I do, but I suspect you should grab your leftist here, TERs from the official Barack Obama Twitter account.


Here is our official statement on the results of the 2024 presidential election, A statement by president and Mr this is the, this is the actual header statement by president and Mrs. Obama on the 2024 presidential election. They've decided to put, to put out a written statement because as we know, they're very camera shy. Over the last through few weeks and through election day, millions of Americans cast their votes, not just for president, but for leaders at every level. Now the results are in, and we want to congratulate President Trump and Senator Vance on their victory. This is obviously not the outcome we had hoped for, given our profound disagreements with the Republican ticket on a whole host of issues. But living in a democracy is about recognizing that our point of view won't always win out and being willing to accept the peaceful transfer of power.


Michelle and I couldn't be prouder of Vice President Harris and Governor Walls to extraordinary public service servants who ran a remarkable campaign. And we will always be grateful to the staff and volunteers who poured their heart and soul into electing public servants. They truly believed in including Hitler. As, as I said on the campaign Trail America has been through a lot over the last few years from an historic pandemic and price hikes resulting from that pandemic to rapid change in the feeling a lot of folks have that no matter how hard they work, treading water is the best they can do. Those conditions have created headwinds for democratic incumbents around the world. And last night showed that America is not immune. The good news is these problems are solvable, but only if we listen to each other and only if we abide by the core constitutional principles and democratic norms that made this country great.


And a country as big and diverse as ours. We won't always see eye to eye on everything, but progress requires us to extend good faith and grace even to people with whom we deeply disagree. That's how we've come this far, and it's how we'll keep building a country that is more fair and more just and more equal and more free. Wow. What about the existential threat, though? I, I want to say that this is a very gracious statement, much like her very gracious statement, probably written by the same person, and it is obvious that they're setting up their next move. They're saying we believe in the peaceful transfer of power, which is obviously a repudiation of Trump. And they're saying that we have to abide by the constitution.


They're talking about democratic norms. They're obviously prepping to shift toward a full assault against Donald Trump for, for being violative of the constitutional norms. It's not the first time they've, they've trotted out this particular play. Hmm. I don't think it works again. No, I think you can only impeach the guy twice. I know that's not in the constitution, but practically twice as enough. Well, The, the biggest problem that they've got is that what are the things that he's going to do that they're going to claim are anti-democratic Schedule F employment in the, in the executive branch. Maybe like that, that, that, if that's your best shot, my dude, like, I I, I I don't think that's going anywhere. I mean, these are people who wanted to kill the filibuster five seconds ago and pack the Supreme Court and I feel like they're now, it's, now it's holy wr.


Right? Right. Exactly. Now, now, now they're not gonna wanna touch the filibuster for the rest of time. So should We pack the Supreme Court? By the way, this is our opportunity, Right? And kill a filibuster. I mean, like, why not? Let's go. It's time to ride, ride and Die Baby Pass a national abortion ban and Reinstitute project 2025. It's obviously the right thing to do. Dennis, before we part company, you promised Ben and I a story about your sons. Oh, Thank you. Yes. So here I, here we go. So it's perfect. I set you up all last night. I told you that at, during our sessions, that I had said publicly that the happiest day in my life was in 20, 20 16 when Donald Trump won.


And that includes, I would add advice, speeches the day my two sons were born. So the first question anyone asks me is, do your, have your kids, have your sons heard you say that? To which I say yes, absolutely. I now have proof. This is what I got unsolicited from my two sons. I, I have to find this for you. I didn't, I didn't know if we would, I didn't want to interrupt with my personal, but it is, it is so precious. And if I just can't, I probably probably can't find, there are so many texts here. Okay, so basically first I get a text from my older son. Okay.


And it's basically, I, I wish I had word for word. They're, they're both riot my son's. So my older son says, now, the day your two sons were born is your third happiest one. I I read it in my hotel room. When you start laughing when you are alone, you know something is really funny. So that, that was, and he's gonna keep going down. Wonder how my kids reacted Then my younger son texts his last night was happier than the day I was born.


I think we can all raise a glass to that. Yeah, happy days and happy days, right? Happy days are here Again. Yes indeed. Dennis, thanks for spending this time with you. Oh, you gotta love you Guys


and to our Daily Wire subscribers, thank you. And everybody watching at home. What an amazing last two days, what an amazing election cycle and we look forward to seeing you. Remember, Get a subscription, guys, I mean, come on. We don't do this for free. 47 president, 47% off new daily wire plus annual memberships. Go to daily wire.com/subscribe. Use code Trump for 47% off. There's never been a better time to be in the fight. Who knows? Maybe we'll just keep drinking and clinking glasses forever, but only if you help us. Only if you join the fight. That's right. That's Right.


Here's a little glance at how we ended the night last night. Oh my gosh. We have made America great again. Let's go. Oh my goodness. Ten eight. I told you it's a ten eight round baby Trump all day. Did I like want to cry right now? This is absolutely insane. America Is back. We're not a socialist country. Yes. 47. Let's go baby. My heart was beating outta my chest. I haven't had that like ever. This Feeling is unbelievable. I am so excited America showed up so that we don't want that cringe woman A full circle moment for Trump. Definitely. This isn't a win for Republicans. This isn't a win for Americans. This is a win for the entire world.


What a historic moment and no better place to be than the Daily Wire baby. Everybody wants to know what would've happened if we didn't win. I guess we'll never know.


What is this place? Welcome to Cloud nine. How exactly did I get here? You are a Toyota Crown driver and only crown drivers ever reach this level of pure Bliss, the captivating Toyota Crown family Toyota. Let's go places.