
Every day local businesses open their doors with more than just a plan. They bring persistence, ambition, and a vision for what's next. And America's banks bring the tools and strategic guidance to get there from storefronts on Main Street to warehouse floors. Businesses are leading the way with support from banks. Banks are providing what it takes for businesses to operate today and plan for tomorrow. Building opportunity, fueling economic growth paid for by United for a strong economy.


Joining us on the line for Memorial Day is Senator Tim Sheehy. Obviously he has military experience himself because of course he is a former Navy Seal officer. Senator, thanks so much for taking the time. Really appreciate it. Thanks, Ben. Good to see you. So, you know, obviously a huge majority of Americans haven't served in the military on Memorial Day, it's easy to forget what the day is about because people sort of treated as vacation day in the United States. What should Americans be thinking about on Memorial Day? It should be thinking about the men and women that are still deployed overseas. That's actually where I'll, I will be spending Memorial Day as I'm leaving this weekend to head overseas, where I see our deployed troops from Montana and our special operations forces that I used to be a part of visiting them for deployed where they are.


Although most Americans don't feel like we're war. The truth is around the world, the American Empire and the American ideal are all over the world and requires us to defend it constantly. And right now in the Red Sea, we've had the longest continuous run of naval combat since World War ii. Our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and Marines are over there constantly fighting the Houthis, which are a proxy arm of Ram, to keep those sea lanes open and keep commerce flowing worldwide. It's an incredibly important mission, and that's what Americas should be thinking about on Memorial Day. Have fun, have a barbecue, go water ski, and do whatever you want to do. That's great. We're proud to have Americans enjoy their day off, but just do so remembering that you're allowed to do those things because a very small number of men and women have chosen to stand on the wall and protect your ability to do that.


You know, Senator Sheehy, one of the things that the Trump administration has really put a lot of focus on is rebuilding the American military, changing the way that people think about the American military. And if you're grading the Trump administration's efforts so far in terms of the Department of Defense, the American military, the Secretary of Defense, Pete, he's performance h how would you, how would you grade it so far? It's a solid aid, Ben. You know, turning an organization the size of the DOD is a great challenge. It's like trying to turn an aircraft carrier quite literally. But they've come in and with a purpose, with an aggression that's absolutely needed. They've reformed and refocused our military. It's not perfect yet, it's gonna take some time. But as you well know, during the Obama years, and then especially during the last four Biden years, which as you know, is basically was the same foreign policy extension except far worse, was we saw weakness all over the world.


And that weakness, abets enemy strength, and we saw that when we pulled out of Afghanistan, that kicked off a domino effect that led to the Russia, Ukraine War led to the disgusting Hamas attack on Israel and the proxies all over the region becoming emboldened. And what we've seen in the last 120 days is strength, focus, and aggression to make, make sure our military is focused on one thing and that is killing the enemy and bringing home our men and women alive. You know, Senator Shihi, obviously there's a lot of concern about China out there. China is in fact a rising geopolitical enemy of the United States, and a lot of concern about the ability of the United States military to combat China in, in places like the South China Sea, the possibility of a Chinese blockade around Taiwan.


How worried should we be about that? And what does that mean in terms of military development? We should be very worried, Ben, because you'll hear the term near peer conflict thrown around all the time. We gotta be ready for near peer, near peer this, near peer that, I don't know who they think the near peer is, but the reality is right now China builds ships 230 times faster than we do. They have a standing armor army that by some accounts is, you know, 10 times bigger than ours is just about a week and a half ago last week, we had Pakistan and India face off in an air dominance battle that really, we haven't seen an air superiority battle like that in several decades. It appears as if the Chinese integrated air dominance technology beat the Western technology five to zero.


So that's a very big concern for those of us who are watching carefully because we all hope we don't have to go to war again. Ben, I I know you hope that your, your family and friends in Israel have been fighting for the last year and a half. We know how brutal war is. We do not want to go to war, but we owe it to our people, especially our young men and women uniform, that we are ready for the war when it comes. And America, unfortunately in our track record is we usually have to absorb a lot of pain and a lot of losses before we change our behavior. And last time we had great power competition in the Pacific. We got our ass kicked for the first year. There's a lot of ships to the bottom of the ocean and a lot of dead Americans because we were not ready to face off against this threat. Right now, China has been preparing, they are more prepared than we are.


We've seen a massive atrophy of our base infrastructure in the Pacific. And most importantly, our ability to build, replace, and maintain our naval vessels, which have been the guarantor of freedom of navigation around the entire world for the last 80 years. So I'm very concerned, Ben. I know that many of my former, sorry, many of my, my comrades in the Senate are equally concerned on both sides of the mite. A senator Tim Ka from Virginia has been a great voice of reason too in this saying, we need to make sure our navy's ready. So we got a lot of work to do. I think Pete's up to the job and the president has very clearly said, it's time for us to get ready.


I always used to assume that restless sleep was inevitable, you know, tossing, turning, waking up with a bad back. I convinced myself that's just what sleep was as you got older. And then I tried Helix Sleep, but now everything is better. It's truly been transformative for my sleep quality. I easily fall asleep in minutes even when the news would be keeping me awake. Normally what makes Helix different is they don't just sell you a random mattress. They actually match you with the perfect mattress for your body and sleep style. Whether you're a side sleeper, back sleeper, somewhere in between, they've got you covered. They make it so simple to get your best night's sleep every night, all you have to do is take their sleep quiz and get matched with a custom mattress based on your body type and sleep preferences. Trust me, when you find the right match, no wonder how you ever slept on anything else. Most people, you just go down to that big box mattress store, they lie on the thing for like two seconds and they're like, ah, this one's probably good enough. It isn't. Get a mattress made just for you by Helix. Right now, helix is offering an incredible Memorial Day sale. Visit Helix Sleep dot com slash Ben and get 27% offsite wide plus a FREE Bedding Bundle, which includes a Sheet Set and Mattress Protector with any Luxe or Elite Mattress order. That's Helix Sleep dot com slash ben for 27% offsite wide plus a FREE Bedding Bundle with any Luxe or Elite Mattress order. Again, just visit Helix Sleep dot com slash men for this exclusive offer.


Yeah, I think one of the things that a lot of people neglect when they look at American politics is, is just how much of America's soft power, how much of our economic power is in the end based on our ability to project force, keeping those ceilings open, ensuring that the microchips that are manufactured in Taiwan actually can make their way to the rest of the world, ensuring that China doesn't just take Taiwan destroy TSMC or, or seize control of TSMC, the consequences of an America free world or, or a world where America really has retreated within its own borders. Those are disastrous consequences for American citizens living here at home. You're absolutely right, and and that's something that Americans don't like to think of ourselves as a military empire of projecting force around the world. We like to think of ourselves as, Hey, we wanna mind our own business here at home and we'll deal with a problem if it comes to us.


And, and that's certainly a, a noble cause. And I think for the most part we all agree with that. But the truth is, unfortunately, we have to be ready to defend our interest globally. And, and frankly, that goes back to the beginning. In our constitution, our founding fathers and our constitution stated very clearly that we are constitutionally required to provide and maintain a Navy. And the reason why is because building a Navy takes time. It's expensive, it's hard in the skills around a Navy take years to develop. And an army is, is of course, an equally important capability to have. But especially at that time, our founders were concerned about a standing army in America becoming used as a force of tyranny by, by a runaway government. Whereas the Navy was understood that as a mercantile republic, we had to have open sea lanes available to keep our businesses running, to keep our economy strong.


And as you correctly pointed out, 250 years on very little has changed. You know, the technology is different, the products are different, but the reality is we have to be able to move products into and out of our marketplace and so does the rest of the world. And right now, frankly, for the last 80 years, the entire global economy has rested on the bedrock of freedom and navigation that sits on the backs of the US Navy. So we have to be ready to defend those interests. And, and right now, as we've seen in the Red Sea over the past year and a half since October 7th, although it's a, it's a small example of what can happen worldwide. We're very lucky to have the Navy we have, but unfortunately, red Sea is a tiny speck on the map compared to the Indo-Pacific region, and we're not ready to spread that capability across the whole region the way China is rapidly pacing towards.


So Senator xii, obviously Memorial Day and, and because it's Memorial Day, I wanna talk to you about what drove you to join the military in the first place. Obviously it's a volunteer military, which means that, that, you know, the best young men and women in the country are putting aside their own hopes, aspirations, financial dreams for a certain period of time in order to serve the country. What drove you to make that decision in the first place? Well, my mom says, when I was about three years old, I was running around the woods with a stick for a gun. So she said, I don't know why, but you always knew you were gonna do it. But it is interesting that there was a, an image stuck in my head when I was about five years old. We were invading Kuwait during the first Gulf War, and I was sitting on the floor playing with trucks and toys and, and it was, you know, the old school CNN back in the early days of 24 Hour News.


And I saw this image and it was a night vision video of an American soldier running through the desert, and he dropped down on his chest to fire his weapon. And I realized, it occurred to me, even at that young age, at four or five years old, that there was somebody half a world away fighting for our country and keeping me safe all the way back home. And even as a small child, I understood that concept that there's somebody deployed overseas in the middle of the night wearing body armor with a rifle, fighting the fight so that we could be safe back at home. And, and that concept for me was something that was very powerful. And I said, you know what? I wanna be a part of that when I grew up. I wanna be the guy on the wall protecting this beautiful way of life that we have. And of course, that stuck with me, met my wife at the Naval Academy, we both served.


She was a Marine, I was a seal, and we spent our twenties deployed all over the world fighting for this country, and we're proud to do it. So it, it's a, it's a really special day. Memorial Day is of course, veterans Days in the fall focusing on our veterans. Memorial Day is focused on, on those who we've lost, focused on, of course the memorials that have been built to, to honor those lives. And there's again, nothing, nothing greater we can do to all those lives than, than simply take a few moments to remember that all the great things we have in this country, we're not perfect. We never had them, we never will be. But this is about the best damn governance experience and experiment that's ever happened in the history of mankind. And frankly, we have to preserve it and protect it. And the only way we can really do that is if we have those people who've, who are willing to make that sacrifice all over the world for all of us.


So it's a special day. Thanks for taking a moment to honor it for all of us. Now, Senator Sheehy on Memorial Day, is there anyone in specific that you're thinking about on Memorial Day? Well, I have these bracelets I wear actually all the time, 24 7. And I used to have one, but as, as the names have grown over the years, they all carry names of teammates and friends that I lost overseas. And actually, I started wearing these all the time because I realized when I came home from the wars, I, I did about five deployments all over the world, that very few people at home just didn't think every day that to them the wars didn't exist. They didn't affect them day to day. And and for me it was, it was very important that we remember those names. So the name I, I, I always at the top of my list is a guy named Ben Ner.


He was a special forces captain in the US Army. I actually didn't know Ben that well or for even that long, but he was an early mentor of mine in the special operations community when I was going through ranger training before I became a seal. And, and he was a guy that took the time out of his busy schedule to help train me as a young teenager as I became enmeshed in the world of special operations. He didn't have to take the time he took, but he did. And then a few months later, he was killed in Iraq and, and I was one of the guys that carried him off the plane at Dover Air Force Base when he landed. And that was my first experience was losing somebody I knew closely I would go on to lose many other folks I knew closely, but you always remember the first, and that one is Ben, so I wear 'em every day and think about 'em on a daily basis and I'll certainly be thinking around this weekend.


Well, Senator, she thanks so much for taking the time. Thank you. Of course. For your service. Thanks for what you're doing in the United States Senate and, and thanks for taking the time to pay tribute to our fallen heroes on Memorial Day. Really appreciate it. Thank you, Ben.


When a cold has you down, it's the little comforts that lift you up, a warm blanket, a cup of tea and a tissue that actually feels good on your skin, infused with aloe Kleenex. Cooling plus aloe provides a hint of cooling freshness to help your skin feel restored. So whether your skin is feeling dry, chafed, or irritated, you're only one wipe away from helping it feel relieved. The next time you have a cold, get a hint of instant cooling relief with new Kleenex Cooling plus aloe for whatever happens next, grab Kleenex.