
Until we teach Our children That, we have to jettison this silly, ignorant ideology, That. I can only feel good about myself if I'm loved by white America, and I can only be protected or affirmed if I'm protected and affirmed by my government. We will never go any further. If we can ever get That sizable chunk, about 15% of the black vote away from the Democratic Party, we'll take them down forever. And I believe That black men are not gonna go back to Ms. Harris Vince. Everett Ellison is a political commentator, author, and documentarian on the intersection of American politics, race, and religion, Born on a cotton plantation in Haywood County. Tennessee Ellison admired how his parents lifted him and his six siblings out of poverty through hard work and their Christian faith He graduated from Memphis State University and worked at a maximum security prison before entering the nonprofit arena as part of the National Center for Public Policy Research's Project 21 Black Leadership Network.


In his popular book, the Iron Triangle Ellison draws upon his life experiences to connect the dots between black preachers, civic organizers, and the democratic politicians who benefit from promoting detrimental policies to black Americans. His latest book, the End of Tolerance, criticizes The Left's Elevation of Tolerance as the Ultimate American Virtue. In today's s episode, we discuss the Democrats most depraved policies. Donald Trump's appeal to black voters and Ellison's Reaction to the Chicago DNC We. also explore why progressive politics thrive on arrogance and how humility can be found in religious faith. As, we navigate one of the most contentious election seasons of our lifetime. You won't wanna miss Vince Everett Ellison's analysis of Democratic Party politics. Welcome back to another episode of the Sunday special.


Vince, thanks So much for taking the time. Really appreciate it, Man. It is my pleasure. I've been watching you for years and I am a fan. Hey, thank you So. Much So. Why don't we start with obviously the hot topic. It's the 2024 election cycle. The Democrats offed their old candidate, Joe Biden, they have replaced him with their brand new, joyous, wondrous, incredible light bringer candidate Kamala Harris running against is Donald Trump. You know, what, what do you make of of Kamala Harris? The candidate, Kamala Harris has been an opportunist a whole life. You know, she, she was Willie Brown's side piece when she was in San Francisco running around with Montel Williams, and she was still to get into stuff San Francisco politics.


And then after That, she played Indian to get the Indian vote. Then she made sure That, she married a a, a man That, obviously had money to make sure That she could get the Jewish vote. And then after That, she played black to get the black vote. So. Kamala Harris will do whatever she needs to do to get power. I always knew That once she became Vice President That, Joe Biden needed to watch his back because she's going to stab him in it sooner or later. I mean, I watched her when she ran in the primary, and she didn't make it to Iowa, but she got a plan. So Kamala got Joe Biden to get 100 black men to write him a letter letter telling him That, if He did not choose a black woman for his vice presidency, they was gonna deep six his campaign So.


She got p Diddy acon, a a, a bunch of thugs and rappers and greasy preachers to write him a letter. And Joe Biden capitulated and then Kamala Harris went up to Joe Biden. And because Joe had dementia, He didn't know any better, told him That, she was black. Joe bought it and she slid into the, a slot designed for a black woman, So. She played the game for a while. She worked around grinning and, and, and, and aggravating people and being, doing stupid stuff and waited until America finally figured out That. Joe Biden was crazy. And when we figured out He was crazy, they kicked him out and put Our hand So.


It was, it was massively Don. Somebody behind there figured it out because she didn't have enough sense to do it. So, we gotta find out who Kamala's puppet master is and give him a lot of kudos, but it's gonna catch up with her. Ben So. Let's talk about, you know, kind of the, the elephant in, in the race. That has to do with race when it comes to the Democratic party, which is the Democratic Party really since 2012 has relied very heavily on, on heavy black turnout. That was the model That Barack Obama applied to politics in 2012. In 2008, He won a broad victory across pretty much every much demographic in, in, in the United States when it came to black voters in 2012. However, He needed heavy turnout in places like Ohio, in Michigan in order to secure his reelect victory in 2012. And ever since then, there's been this super heavy reliance on, on the black vote by every politician, whether it is Hillary Clinton in 2016, whether it is Joe Biden in 2020.


And now whether it is the Kamala Harris campaign in 2024. And you were starting to see some early inklings, That That, the black vote was actually moving away from the Democrats in the early part of this race. You started to see some interesting polls. That showed upward of 20% in some cases of black Americans saying they would vote for Donald Trump, which would be a historic shift. It'd be the largest share of the black vote won by any Republican since I believe Richard Nixon. It would be a huge share of the, of the black vote. And now since Kamala has jumped in the race, it seems That, the polls have sort of reverted back to type. And now those numbers are back down in the eight, nine, 10% range. Why is it That, the Democratic Party? Number one is So reliance on the black vote. And number two, why, why do black Americans keep voting in such outsized number for the Democratic party? I mean, I'm, I'm used to this question being asked about Jews and my usual answer is Well, because most Jews are not religious, right?


Judaism is religion. It's not just an ethnicity and So, you're talking when it comes to Jews about a very largely secular atheistic population. That has high income and lives in blue areas. You just described kind of a typical democratic voter when it comes to black voters. However, this has been sort of a puzzle for a lot of Republican politicos. Why is it That? The black vote goes So heavy for Democrats these days, despite the failure of Democrats in every major American city in the country. It's Cottage of dissonance, the Stockholm syndrome, you have to take it all the way back to slavery and to the Jim Crow era era. I was Born on a cotton plantation in Haywood County Tennessee. My father was a So. I've lived a real black life. He bought us outta poverty in the 1970s by working in the insurance industry.


And we started a gospel singing group and we went around into black churches and whatnot, singing the black churches all over the south. I went to college at University of Memphis and then after college I started working in the prison and then That prison, I got a really, really serious education. It was in the nineties when the Clinton Biden crime bill was locking up black men all over America. And I started asking the black intelligent, I said, man, why are all these young black men being locked up? And of course they got the same old refrain, rich, white, evil Republicans hate black people and they just wanna see 'em locked up. Well. I was naive and I said, okay, really So. I quit my job. I started a nonprofit, went into the black community, and when I got into the ghettos, I saw something very, very interesting. I saw no evil rich white Republicans anywhere you see a unicorn or a leprechaun before you saw one.


But what I did see were a lot of black Democrats making a lot of money off of the chaos. And I wrote my first book about these, these, these black democrats, and I called them an iron triangle The Wire, most black preachers, most black politicians and most black civil rights workers, their job was to be conduits between rich white liberals and the poor black community and the, and their job was to make sure That, these black people voted for the Democratic party by hook or by crook. It was a play on the old plantation system where the house Negroes were in charge of the field. Hands and The Wire conduits between the master and the big house and the field, hands in the field, So right So. After the Civil War, of course, we had this little period called we reconstruction.


For a little while, black people voted for the Republican party. But by the election of 1876, the Tilden Hayes election, the whole south went Democrat. Everything went red. They had the Mississippi and the South Carolina plan. That talked about intimidating black people, paying black people, killing black people and buying the black vote. And the black slaves who had previously voted Republican, somehow or another reverted back to the Democratic party in the election of 1876. They made the compromise. As you know, the Republican Haes took the South when South Carolina decided they would give him their electoral college votes if He pulled the union troops outta the south.


And after That, the Democratic party went gangbusters on the black community. Beatings, killings, rape, you name it, they did it. To become a Republican was a pejorative in the black community. You would get killed for it if your father or your mother even heard That, you were Republican, they would beat the hell out you themselves So. It got to some points where Stockholm syndrome and cognitive dissonance took a took place in the black community. It became an explanation, not a condemnation, it's just how it was. And after That time, they put their black place keepers in charge, the black preacher, the black politician and the black civil rights workers, and told them, your job is to keep the black people exactly where it's supposed to be.


Lie to 'em, rob 'em, use social pressure, do whatever you need to do. And it's been That way ever since. So, when my grandfather Walter Clark got the right to vote in 1960, even though Richard Nixon and Eisenhower had made it possible through the 1957 Civil Rights Act and the 1960 Civil Rights Act, when He voted, his first vote was for the Democratic Party. Even though the Democratic party and the Ku Klux plan had put him off the cotton plantation He was living on, when He registered to vote, He still voted for them. Stockholm syndrome is So powerful. You remember Patty Hurst, you take on the characteristics of your oppressor.


And the Democratic party was such a brutal master. And black people were So, isolated That. Even when they got the right to vote, they voted for their master. The civil rights movement shows it showed it. We weren't fighting to separate from white Democrats and the Ku Klux Klan, Martin Luther King and his boys was fighting to integrate with them. We were the first race of people in the history of the world to fight, to integrate what Our former masters, even the Jewish people after the Holocaust said, we getting the hell out of Germany. We don't wanna integrate with these Nazis. It would've been the equivalent of after the Holocaust, the Jewish, the Jewish people in Germany said, Well, now we wanna integrate with the Nazis and let them educate Our children.


It was insanity. And now we see what's going on. Black people are So, beaten down, they're So controlled. They have been So humiliated and So, broken That. They still identify with their formal oppressors and their former masters. And we have to work to change That. So. How do you change That? I mean it, let let's, I wanna go through each part of the Iron Triangle That, you just talked about So, you talked about civil rights workers and you talked about black politicians and you talked about black churches, So, you know, each one of these has, has its own issues, obviously. And we don't wanna treat all of these things as a monolith. There are different types of black churches, obviously. But let's go through each one of those pieces and and tell me about why you think they've been doing what, what they've been doing.


Where are the interests Lie? Well, the black preacher interest lies in money. Black, the the Christianity of the South pro. Before the Civil War, antebellum South wasn't apostate Christianity. It is a Christianity based on racism, based on hypocrisy. You know, this is a Christianity That said That, Jesus Christ. I believe the black people should be slaves believed That, you could rape a woman and sell your offspring on an auction block. There was nothing wrong with it. That. You could oppress people That, you could, you could just, you could commit murder. It was a lie. This Christianity was, was, was passed on to the black slave and He kept it. And one of the things, That, the black slave believed.


I remember as a boy being growing up in the south and, and my here, my black preacher treats us about the curse of ham That. We were black because we were cursed and That. We were supposed to be slaves under the tutelage of the white man. And this was preached. And, and, and the southern black churches were, were subjected to it. And the black preacher in many, in, in many respects were chosen by the white establishment. And He was put in place by them. And He was told your job, and you will keep your money as long as you keep these black people under us. And That became the whole concept of the black clergy down south for generations. Then you have the black civil rights workers and you know, the NAACP was started by eight white people, white people, and one black person who, who was lovely to be the Boll and He was a communist.


Their job, they had a vested, vested interest in keeping black people under control, especially for when they did vote to vote for the Democratic party and vote for all the, all of these crazy liberal causes. And they expanded into the big six, you know, the core Urban League, all of these guys and The, Wire all controlled by rich white liberals also. And then of course, out of That came the black politician. And when He became a democrat, He became a company man. His job was to make sure That He made black people both under the Democratic party. Because ever since slavery, democratic Party could only survive with the support of the black community, whether it be slavery, whether it was their labor, whether it was just the fact That, you made white supremacy possible to make me feel good about myself.


They needed black people either exploit for exploitation or for entertainment. And they still use us for That. We are a, a, a, a science project to them. They know us better than we know ourselves. They manipulate us better than, and we don't even know That, we're being manipulated. So the Iron Triangle. My first book Blow the blew the lid off of this. And the way we change it, one of the reasons I love school choice So much is That. It gives you an opportunity to pull these children outta these government schools who also expand this ideology in the black community. Government control liberalism, statism, if we can get them back to the community concepts of free markets, of their basic religion, of, of understanding competition, understanding unalienable rights, understanding That, Our rights come from God, not from government.


That, the whole concept of America is based upon what John Locke talked about, the unalienable rights. That, we have rights. That are irrevocable, non-transferrable and unsellable. That government cannot touch That. You do not go ask government for your unreasonable rights. You defy government to come and take them. And this is why I have such a difficult time with Martin Luther King Jr. And the Civil rights movement. They told Black America That, you have to go to government for your rights. You have to go to government for protection. Everything He said was an anathema and anathema to what we are supposed to believe as free Americans. And until we teach Our children That, we have to jettison this silly, ignorant ideology.


That, I can only feel good about myself if I'm loved by white America and I can only be protected or affirmed if I'm protected and affirmed by my government, we will never go any further So. One of the ways we do it is about what you're doing now. You giving somebody like me a platform to talk about these things? I have my podcast the best, the the best Everett Ellison show on YouTube rumbling X That people can log onto and they can watch That. But also the fact That, if we can ever get That sizable chunk, about 15% of the black vote away from the Democratic party will take them down forever. And I believe That black men are not gonna go back to Ms. Harris. I think That, as they see That, she locked up more black men in California than Robert E. Lee and Jeff Davis combined.


That, she is an apostate That, she believes That and That usually to castrate little boys and call 'em little girls. Give dub mastectomies of little girls and call 'em little boys. That, she believes in nine month abortion That. She believes in taking away your right to keep and bare arms and, and That. She believes in allowing these illegals to come in and, and, and, and, and just infiltrate your neighborhood to take away your space, to take away your schools, take away making rents go high, taking jobs away. As this is highlighted, you'll start seeing more and more black men turn away from her. And that's going to be her Achilles hill. That's more with Vincent. Just a moment.


First, there are 8 million renters in America who are not only qualified to own a home, but could be saving 30% monthly on their rent simply by owning. Instead, smart people know the path to wealth is through real estate. This is where Churchill Mortgage comes in. Churchill Mortgage's Home Buyers Edge gives you the buyer, the power it allows you to compete with cash offers provides lightning fast pre-approval. And Churchill Mortgage sweetens the deal with a $10,000 seller guarantee. My wife and I have bought and sold multiple homes over time. Each time we increased Our equity. Stop funding your landlord's retirement, do what I do. Go to Churchill Mortgage dot com slash shapiro, you'll answer a few simple questions. So, they can connect you with a home loan specialist in your neighborhood. They'll help you build a plan whether it takes 30 days or six months to get you on the path to financial freedom through home ownership. If you're already in a home, but you got in at like a 7% interest rate or higher, you need to talk to Churchill Mortgage Today The Fed dropped the rates. You could be saving hundreds of bucks every single month with a simple refi, unless you just like paying more money to the banks or something. Averaging five stars in over a hundred thousand reviews. Go to Churchill Mortgage dot com slash shapiro, connect with a home alone specialist you can trust This Is A Paid Advertisement Home Buyer Edge And Seller Guarantee Are Available For Qualifying Borrowers And Select Loan Types Only And Not Available In All States Or Locations n NMLS ID 5 9 1 nmlsconsumeraccess dot org. Equal Housing Lender 1 7 4 9 Mallory Lane Brentwood Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


And one of the things, That, you mentioned That, it's really fascinating and it's true statistically, is you are against virgins between how black women vote and how black men vote. And that's mirrored across the political spectrum. Actually, you are seeing a, a major version now between how women, not not married women, married women tend to vote like married men, which tends to be Republican, but single women and single men are voting very differently. And That is particularly true in, in the black community where, where, where black women are voting in extraordinary numbers for Democrats and black men are voting a little bit less So for, for Democrats. Why do you think there That That gender gap is now emerging? Yeah, you, you, you have a lot of black men who are alpha males and you know, you've, you've seen the culture. They walk around these swaggering and they talking trash. They talk about how many jokers they got shot and how many women they got.


But there's a, there's an alpha maleness in, in in these men where in the black community, worst thing you could call somebody as a feminine or, or or gay. And they have found through social media, through shows like yours and shows like mine, That, the Democratic party supports all of this. They see That, the Democratic Party is about destroying the family. That. They have set up a system, That, it's basically trying to castrate men. They see That, they are using a public educational system to sexualize their children. They now understand about drag queen, story y That. They have set up a public educational system. That sets their sons in front of men and shake their asses in their, in their sons faces.


They see That. The Democratic Party set up a system called Obamacare where if your son wants to be transitioned, they'll pay for it. You see Tim Walls up in the state of Minnesota that's made his state a sanctuary. State, That, if your child wants a sex change operation, That, if they can get up to Minnesota, he'll give them protection and he'll pay for it. They're saying That, the Democratic Party wants to take away your right to pray to your God to be hooked up to your religion. And we know That, John Adams said, That, this constitution deserve for religious and, and immoral people. Is is holy, inadequate for any other they see That. The Democratic Party is an evil institution. It's been the evils institution in the history of the world. For the longest period of time, 200 years of rape murder, the party of slavery from 1800 to 1860, the party of the Confederacy from 1800 to 1865, the party of Jim Crow from 1865 to 1965, now the party of transgenderism abortion to the ninth month open borders, disarmed American citizens, atheism, a cabal of perverts, liars, psychopaths, and anti-Christian bigots.


And the message has gotten out. They can't hide it any longer. They're walking around with men with skirts and dresses on men. That talk about, you know, it is great to transition in the castrate yourself. They're hearing it and they're seeing it and they're responding to it. And the more they're hear, the more they hear it, the more black men will leave That party. So. You know, you've obviously been a very vocal supporter of President Trump. You've called him the first black president, actually not Barack Obama So. Maybe you can explain That. Where, where are you coming from when, when you say something like That obviously meant to provoke, but what, what, what, what do you mean by That Well, president Trump Well for the last 200 years? The Democratic Party party, not, not the Republican party, not the labor party, not the no nothings or the wigs.


The Democratic party has been, the party That has locked up like men put charges on them, hung up from trees, locked them up for, for just trumped up reasons. We saw the Civil rights movement, how, how it was necessitated because of what the Democratic party was doing to black men down south. We've seen the pictures of the lynchings. We've heard the stories of people planning evidence and locking these men up for no reason whatsoever. We saw the movie Hurricane with Denzel Washington, and there're just numerous, numerous stories of how black men have been set up as the Democratic party to spend years and years in prison. On charges, That were trumped up and The Wire lies.


Donald Trump has experienced That. He's the first American president to experience such a thing to experience this type of persecution. He understands now how it feels to be prosecuted by the Democratic Party. Also, black men have dealt with violence on a tremendous level. State violence, shootings, murders, beatings, incarcerations. Donald Trump was shot in front of the world. Everybody saw it. They tried to kill it. So. When it comes down to the black experience within the last four or five years, Donald Trump has experienced it on, on the, on a level That, no other president has ever experienced it.


And as, as, as, as, as, as, as you and I know, being black or being ethnic has nothing to do with the color of one skin. It has to do with your life experiences. It has to do with the things you believe. It has to do with your mores and your values. And Donald Trump seems to me to be more black than Barack Obama. Bill Clinton, or any other President That has ever, ever stepped in the Oval Office. The Obama's made their appearance. This is on night two of the Democratic National Convention. And Michelle Obama spoke, and, and her speech I thought was truly egregious. I thought it was actually the most egregious speech at the convention. It was significantly worse than Barack Obama. Barack Obama is a grifter and he's a conman, but he's really good at it. Michelle Obama is a very negative influence, shall we say, in American politics.


I mean, some of the stuff That she's saying is deeply, deeply radical So when she suggests That, black people in America are inherently victimized and the only solution for That is effectively the Democratic party. When, when she acts as though she is a victim of America, after having gone to Princeton University or That earning money in America is somehow inherently bad. She said That, her parents told her That, no, no, nobody should ever have more than what they need. Well, she owns three houses, including a $12 million home in, in Martha's Vineyard. You know what, what did you make of, of That particular narrative? Because the hypocrisy is So glaring, but it, it seems to be ignored by a huge percentage of America, and particularly in the black community. These people are elitist.


They believe That, they can do it. And you can't are an affront to God as far as I'm concerned, because this is a question That they can never answer for me as a Christian, Christians believe in the power and an absolute power of Jesus Christ. They believe it. And as I asked them, I said, how can you be a victim in an era of Jesus Christ? Explain That to me. How can you say? And that's why I tell people I cannot be a victim. They say, why? Because I'm an era of Jesus Christ and I'm a child of God. I cannot be a victim. I cannot be oppressed for That. Same reason. You know, they say That, That people have white privilege.


I said, Well. Yeah, it, it is a privilege to be white, but it's also a privilege to be black. It's a privilege to be an American. It's a privilege to be Jewish. It's a privilege to be Hispanic. So. Yeah, That is white privilege, but also it's a privilege to be black. But I also was born, they thought about what white people were born with privilege, Well. I was also born as privilege. I was born with two great parents. I was, I was, I was, I was born, I was born a Christian. I was born with a lot of love. And I was born in the greatest country in the world, the United States of America. Hell, I won the lottery. Man, So, it's always where you look, but when you look at people who are elitist, we look at people think That, they're better than you. They're going to always look at you and say, you are a victim. They're going to always look at you.


And by That they are saying, I'm better than you. You can't save yourself. I can save you. They have put themselves in a position of God. I am the God. That will ask you when you start coming down on yourself, are you a Christian? Are you a Jew? Are you a Muslim? And when they say yes, I said, Well, what does your religion say? And then when He explained to me, I said, Well, that's what you do. Why are you complaining to me? You don't believe in your God. You don't believe in what you've been taught. Get back to your belief system. And whatever you are in and wherever you are in your life, God will give you peace.


That's what He gives you. Wherever you are, whatever situation, you know, we read Our, Bible, Paul and stylists were in jail. Paul and stylists were in jail. And what were they doing? The Wire singing. You, you, you, you go through Our history and you'll find That, That, That. What God promises us is whatever situation, whether we are rich, whether we're poor, whether we're middle class, what does He give us? Peace, happiness. We're supposed to love one another. It's not about you loving me, it's about me loving you. They tell us That, we're supposed to walk around and you know, asking racist white people to not judge us about the color of Our skin.


And I'm saying, what's wrong with the color of my skin? Nothing. They let judge me by it. Go ahead, Vince Elson is black. And what judge me by it underestimate me at your per my job is to love you. My Bible tells me, That, I'm not to be concerned at all about how you view me. I'm supposed to be concerned about how I view you, but That doesn't give you the right to put your hands on me or make me your pinata. Uhuh my job is to love you. My job is if you need a, a, a good lawyer, I help you find one. If you need a good job, I help you get one. If you need good education, I'll help you afford one or I'll give it to you myself.


If you need a good preacher, I'll help you find one short of That. I will not live in condemnation for you. And if you come and try to hurt me or mine, I got two things that'll get you off of me. That is Jesus and my 38. You better not try me. We'll get to more of Vince in a moment.


First, you know what's really keeping America up at night. It's not just the radical left's latest attempts to destroy Our values. It's also uncomfortable betting. That's why I've decked out my entire bed with Boll and Branch. Now, I'm not usually one for changing with the seasons. My principles are consistent year round. When it comes to betting, that's a different story. Starting with the Boll and Branch signature collection, 100% organic cotton sheets are like the Constitution for your bed. Foundational, timeless, and getting better with age. They start off butter soft and somehow they get even softer With every wash, plus, you can easily add their blankets, duvets, and quilts without making your bed feel heavier or hot. Trust me, a fall refresh with Bulletin Branch will have your mind change for good. Best of all, bulletin Branch gives you a 30 night worry-free guarantee with free shipping and returns on all US orders of a hundred dollars or more. Lemme tell you, when you're fighting the culture war day in and day out, good sleep is in fact crucial. Start getting your best sleep this fall with BOL and Branch. Enjoy 20% off plus free shipping on your first set of sheets at bol and Branch dot com slash ben. That's bolland Branch. B-O-L-L-A-D Branch dot com slash ben for 20% off. And free shipping exclusions applies to site four. Details.


So, you, you mentioned earlier your upbringing, the fact That, your, your father was a sharecropper and your family is wildly successful. Obviously, you have a brother who is the, the head of, he's the CEO of Lowe's. He was the former CEO of JC Penney. You're very successful in, in your own right. Maybe you can tell more about sort of your family progression, how, how you get there, because I think That, one of the things, one of the lies That Democratic party tells is exactly what you're talking about. They say to everyone, not just black men, but particularly black men, That, you can't succeed in America. That, the the systemic obstacles are just too great. It is something again, That. Michelle Obama suggested at the convention, she said, That, she doesn't believe in the affirmative action of inherited wealth, but she does believe in other forms of affirmative action. Obviously now, you know, there is no quote unquote affirmative action to inherited wealth.


Only in the sense That, yeah, you're better off than if you hadn't inherited wealth. But I know plenty of people who inherited wealth and blew it. I know many, many more people who did not. I inherit wealth and now are extraordinarily wealthy. You know, the, the reality is That as you say, we've all been born into the most privileged time in human history, in the greatest country in the history of the world. And if you happen to be born into a good family, That is the ultimate privilege. No one ever talks about That because that's a privilege you yourself can create in your everyday life. But I, I think That your family's story is really interesting and, and, and a really good sort of indicator for folks who believe That. They can't make it That, you know, actually with the right principles, you can, You can, man. We were bought up in the Jim Crow South in Hayward County, Tennessee in the Delta Hayward County's one of the poorest places in America.


We went to a, we went, we got a public school education and we want these brainiacs in, in school. That graduated summer cum laude. In, in, in, in Our classes. We, we got through the one thing That Our father taught us. It was That. You control what happens to you. You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control how you respond to it. He taught us to never believe in racism. He said That, you have good and bad people. Color had nothing to do with it. So, you'll find good, good black people, you'll find good white people, you'll find bad black people, find bad white people. What you do is you, you make sure That you good, good people around you and keep good people around you.


But He also taught us, and it was strange, That, we did not grow up with an inferiority complex because of him and my mother, my, my, my father and my mother. Just two very attractive people. The Wire, very good looking people. And they carried themselves in this regal way where The Wire always respected. It was something That happened last year. That really just blew my mind. I I was reading a a, a piece of standpoint point magazine about Martin Luther King Jr. Reading by David Garrow. And, and, and at the end of That piece, He talked about how the FBI, how thorough The Wire in their investigations. And He talked about how they took down the clan and He said That, the Tennessee clan was the most violent clan in the nation. And then He said, That the grand Woods of the Tennessee clan, his name was Dole Ellington, lived in Brownsville, Tennessee where I was living, where I was born.


He said, Doyle Ellington is still alive. Today and He had a Facebook page. I had never heard of this guy, So. I called my father and I said, dad's 82 years old. I said, dad, do you know Doyle Ellington? Dad said, yeah, I know him. Grand was the Ku Klux Klan. I said, dad, why you ever tell me about this guy? He said, He was no consequence. I said, dad, He was a grand wizard of Thelan. How was He? No consequence? He said, Well. I talked to Dole about 60 years ago and I told him, if you ever touched me or mine, I'd go more. His goddamn brain job never had no problem. That Dole since Ben He never even told me the guy existed. This is how of no consequence.


The Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan was the most violent clan faction in America was to my father. That's how He taught me. You stand tall, you work, you earn the respect of the men around you, and you don't get their respect. You get That fear, but you don't walk around here with your back bent begging to be accepted. Muhammad Ali says it's a sick mind. That wants you some ways not wanted. If they don't want you there, you don't go there. If they're mean to you, you tell them, ah, that's cool man. You put your hands on me, I got something. That gonna slice your throat though and they will respect you. And I've just naturally led my life like That my whole life, me and my brother and my sisters and my brother, all of us.


And we've been quite successful in America because it's a human element involved in That. It's a human element. That, you will always respect men and women. That carry themselves in a reg and respectful way. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr's talking about He was dreaming about the day. That, you'll be judged by the, not by the color of your skin or by the content of your character. You will be judged by the content of your character. It is inescapable. He's given black people a fallback position where when their character is defective, they can say, oh, it was the color of my skin. No, it wasn't. It was because you came in here late. It's because you don't work. It's because you come in here looking nasty and filthy. You're disrespectful, you're a victim.


You always talk about you being oppressed. You are a walking lawsuit and I can't have you around me. So, Our father taught us, come in early, stay late, be honest. Do the job Well and good people will recognize That and they will elevate you. And those are the people That you want around you. And it has never failed me. You know, the, those lessons I really think can only be implemented by a father. And this of course is one of the critical problems in the black community. It, it's, it's a problem across America too, actually now is the, the radical rise of single mother homes. The fact That, there, there are not enough men in the families. And the, the single motherhood rate in the black community is now upward of 70% in the, in the white community.


It's upward of 40%. If you go back to 1960, which was supposedly, you know, and was clearly a time of more racial oppression, the single motherhood rate in the black community was 20% in the white community was 5% So. Apparently the oppression went away and the result of That was That fathers are no longer in the home. The, the only rationale for That really is That. The government came in and said, as you say, That, the solution is not to free. People of the oppressive burdens, That are keeping them down. The solution is for the government to be your father. And it turns out, That, the government is not capable of being your father. The government is a terrible father. They knew That and his father, Carist, Marxist construct to destroy the family. You, you, you, you all know about That, the Patrick Moynihan report 1965 When, when Moynihan told Lynn and Johnson, That That, we have to get the black man back at the head of the family because we're showing That because of welfare.


Black men are employed, but they're not getting married because women are getting on welfare and they don't need to get married. And if you read David Garrell's book, Barry the Cross, He talked about this Mohan report and He talked about what, when, when Moynihan bought it to LBJ and LBJ said, good idea, let's do it. But He said, you gotta go to the Civil rights community first and get them to sign off on it. Mcg George Bundy, who was on the Ford Foundation at the time, was sponsoring a retreat from Martin Luther King Jr. And a bunch of pastors and a bunch of civil rights workers. And He said, Hey Patrick, go with me to this retreat and you can, you can show Dr. King and the rest of the people this, this great report That, you've Don.


And we can get them to sign off on it. Make George Bun reports in this book, He said That, if a, if a Wonder Morning had got out of That room alive, they cussed him out, called him a racist, all kind. The feminists really went off on it. And they said, That, instead of using That money to put the black man in charge back in charge of his family, they wanted to use the money to put the black woman in charge of the family. And they went to LBJ and lobbied for the man in house clause to be put in welfare. It was Martin Luther King Jr. That demanded this That, the man in house clause be put in welfare. And LBJ did it. And in one generation, gener the black community went from, like you said, having 80% of their children being born in two parents families to 80% being born outta Wetlock.


Martin Luther King Jr. Was the first recipient of the Margaret Sanger Award in 1966 for helping her set up abortion clinics in the black community. Yeah, He got the Margaret saying Award gay and, and had his wife go and do a great speech. That He had wrote accepting award and it's still on display right now. King was actually kicked out of the black church in 1961 out of the, out of the National Baptist Convention because He tried to take over the convention in Kansas City to use the 10 million member National Baptist Convention for the Civil Rights Movement. And they started to fight on the floor. A preacher died in the process.


They send in the SWAT team and the mayor of Kansas City had to come in to shut it all down. And, and at the end, Bishop Jackson won the vote. And ESC King and his crew out of the black church, So King started his own religion. It was called the Progressive National Baptist Convention. That's the sector Rafael Warnock belongs to. You know Rafael Warnock, the senator from Georgia, the apostate minister there. Yeah. They believe in abortion. L-G-B-T-Q. They're a bunch of perverts in psychopaths, man. But That was King's religion. He started his own church. And the one thing That really nut me for a loop was when I found out this year from a lot of writings from Virgil Walker and John MacArthur. They even say That. Marty Luther King Jr.


Was not a Christian. He. He was He. He He said He was a Baptist minister. He lives a Christian minister, but in his writings, they That are at Stanford University. He King says in his own writings, He didn't believe in the de of Christ. He didn't believe in the resurrection. He didn't believe in the virgin birth. And you can't believe in any of these and not be a Christian So. We've been sold a bill of goods, That, we've been following a Marxist who has set up a Marxist construct in the black community. And in 1956, Taylor Branch wrote in his book, partying the Water American the King Years He said in 1956, That the common turn sent a directive to the communists and the Civil Rights movement to turn the black community into a replica of the Soviet Union.


And that's exactly where we are right now. One party, a rule, dictator, worship, atheism, poverty, substance abuse. They've Don exactly what they wanted to do. They've taken us and they've reversed the whole Civil War and put us right back on the Democrat party plantation. And that's why what doing Today with me and having given me this platform is So important. That. Many people don't know this, many people haven't put all of the pieces together. And through my books from the Iron Triangle, the 25 lies to Crime, mink, and now to the end of tolerance, I've explained this and in my great documentary, will you go to hell for me?


I put it down and nobody can ref recruit my can, refute my argument, say I ironclad. Because look at the condition of black people at the bottom, every socioeconomic statistic in America. And they want to keep us right there because they know as long as we stay there, we're going to both of them. And that's all they want. We'll get to more of Vince in a moment.


First October 7th, mark, the one year anniversary of the worst attack on Jews. Since the Holocaust 1,200 Israelis were murdered, over 250 were taken hostage. The war in Israel continues to rage on Today. Earlier this month, Iran launched a massive barrage of nearly 200 ballistic missiles at the Holy Land. This isn't just another conflict in the Middle East, Israel and his people are facing attacks from enemies on all sides who seek its annihilation. But there's hope. The international Fellowship of Christians and Jews is on the ground right now providing food, shelter, and safety to those in need. During this crisis, since the war started thousands of reservists, everyday Israeli citizens have left their families to serve their country. Soldiers who have been injured and their families need Our support your gift of $45. Today helps the fellowship provide food and other necessities to these families to help them survive. Here's what I need you to do right now. Go to Ben for the fellowship.org. That's been for the fellowship.org to make a gift Today in the face of these threats, the Fellowship's ongoing work, providing security to Israelis has never been more important. Remember Ben for the fellowship.org. God bless and thank you once more, Ben, for the fellowship.org to give generously in a time of need. Again, that's Ben for the fellowship.org.


So, let's talk about your brand new book, the End of Tolerance and So. You talk about tolerance. Tolerance is obviously promoted by the Democratic Party as not just a virtue, but maybe the only virtue. Obviously the Democratic party is not tolerance of everybody. If, if you are a traditional Bible believer, they're not particularly tolerant. If you believe in free markets, they're not particularly tolerant. If you believe in traditional gender roles and That boys should remain boys as opposed to being girls, then they're not particularly tolerant in the end of tolerance. You, you talk about how tolerance itself there, there's no moral content to it. It depends what you are tolerating, right? It's one thing to tolerate good behavior, but to tolerate bad behavior is actually a sin. You know, Archbishop Charles C. Shepherd said, now I'm gonna read these, the evil preacher's tolerance until it is dominant, then it tries to silence the good, and that's their game.


They preach tolerance, they want us to tolerate their evil. They're evil and they're evil. And then when they get power, they silence the good. And we see That now in real time. They're trying to silence us on Twitter, they're trying to silence us on, on YouTube. They're trying to silence us in the public square. I saw That great testimony you gave before Congress where they had these advertisers. That are at That, were telling people, you know, telling, telling folks, don't advertise to these companies if they don't meet Our, certain liberal standard. And you tore these guys down, masterful, man, I gotta give you, if I was with you right now, I'd give you a heart fist off. Very good. But you brought attention to it. And I believe That sunlight is the greatest disinfectant.


You have to let people understand this because many people, they may tolerance a virtue. And when I, I, I started the book with a sermon from the great Reverend Billy Graham. That says, tolerance is a sin. I go through the book and I read how the Bible says tolerance is a sin. I show how us tolerating and how they've used Our Our tolerance and say, this is goodness. And how we've allowed L-G-B-T-Q to come into some points now where they sexualize Our children, how we've allowed the drugs in Our communities, how we've allowed family breakdown, how we've allowed pornography in Our communities, and how it is just destroying us. And how now it's time for men to push back.


I love the fact men, That, you talk a lot about masculinity. That is not toxic. That, we need men to lead families. We need men to go back into the heads of Our family and to lead Our communities. But now, but, and how you define what manhood is, I'm right with you on That. We need to discuss it and we need to discuss it with men. And now there are a litany of women coming out to start talking about it also. And they are telling these young girls, you've been told a lot this neoliberal feminism is destroying this nation. We can look right now at Our birth rate. It's at 1.6. It's been That way now for going on almost 10 years. We are dying as a nation.


And I don't know how people see Vladimir Putin, but Putin has a legitimate beef when He says, does He satanic Western values are destroying America? And it's going to destroy my nation. If we allow it to keep percolating over here, we gotta push it back. And, and, and a lot of what's going on over there right now with the war and with the anger and all the, is a fight between East Germany, I mean Eastern Europe and Western Europe, and these western values and these, and these Christian values, That are in Eastern Europe and there's a collision course now. And the sad thing is That America, the country That, used to, we, we used to push these Christian values of democracy and virtue.


And instead of the left saying, we need to stop this, y'all, and we evaluate what we're doing, they'll say full speed ahead. They have a depopulation movement. That wants to see mankind commit suicide. And we have to bring people's attention to these, these crazy bastards, man, they are crazy as hell. And we gotta start calling them That. And we gotta start giving them no quota. I know you do it every single day. And I want to tell you, I appreciate what you're doing. You've taught me a lot, you've given me courage and we have to just keep going, hitting them, hitting them, and hitting them and hitting them until we break 'em in half. You Know, you can see it at the DNC. The DNC was literally providing abortions in the parking lot, vasectomies and abortions at the parking lot.


That an 18 foot idle of an IUD, which is a very weird idol to choose except if you actually believe That progeneration is, is actually a bad thing. And when you talk about America's foreign policy, the thing is That a muscular, American foreign policy, in my view has always been a good thing because it's promoting particular values. And those particular values, yes, are Christian orientation, Judeo-Christian orientation, things like private property, things like limited government. That That enhanced the rights of, of human beings to religiously worship, right? These were all things That were baked into the, into the foundations of the country. When we were fighting fascism in Europe, we weren't fighting to implant a gay pride flag in Berlin. That was not what we were fighting for. And, and yet what you see now is mandates from the State Department That, were to, were to fly a rainbow flag or a pride progress flag outside the Vatican.


We won't do it, you know, in, in the Gaza Strip obviously, because That might offend all of the, the Hamas necks That the Democratic party is, is trying to cater to. But yeah, it, it, it's a very selective group of values. They're now being pressed forward by this particular White House and, and by the administrations That, That have been democratic. It's, it, it also opens the door, I think to frankly what is a, a bit of a, it's a correct critique, but I think it's, it's a cynical play by people like Vladimir Putin So. When Vladimir Putin says, you know, you guys are trying to spread LGBT values in Russia. He's not wrong. That is a true thing. That the United States has been doing all over the world, treating it as a, as a matter of core American interest, whether same-sex marriage is allowed in Nigeria or something be because of That.


It also allows him to, to polarize the debate around a thing. That That really is not what the, the fight in Ukraine is about. The fight in Ukraine is really not about gay rights, it's about borders. And yet he's been able to, to use That in a, in a nefarious way by saying a true thing and wrapping it by, by, by taking a false thing and then wrapping it in a true thing. You're exactly right. And they, they, they've afforded him the ability to do That because I was, I was reading in, in, in, in, in, in, in my book, they had this, this guy from the Russian Orthodox Church. I can't come up with his name now, but it's in my book where He said, That, one of the, one of the things That the EU asked for in order for you to become part of the eu, they say, That, you must have a gay pride parade in your nation's capital and That, if you don't do That, they will treat you like an alien.


And He said That, they had to have this thing Don in ki they wanted it Don in the donbas region and the people kind of rebelled against it, da da da da da da. And this was their reason. Like you said, this is the reason That He used one of the reasons to do what He did and we're them this. Because when you look at America and you see a whole month designed for Gods walking around in leather booty shorts, taking they asses in the street talking about pride. When in Jude Christian values, the one thing That God hates is what? Man pride. I hate it. He. And, and, and then these guys use a whole month for pride.


And as you and I know with pride, there's no repentance. There's no reconciliation. Why? Because if you tell a prideful person you've Don wrong, then I've Don nothing wrong. You need to repent for what? I've Don nothing wrong. That's the real problem. We all screw up, we all mess up. We all need grace. We all need forgiveness. But when you are filled with pride, it puts a barrier between you and reconciliation with the person That, you've wronged. And this is the danger of the whole pride movement. It's one of your sons stealing your car, spending all your money, then coming back on the weekend to the house, putting his feet up on the furniture, acting like nothing's happened.


you won. Look at him and say, don't you have something to say? No. What? Boy, you stole my car. You spent most of my money and you not gonna come up here and tell me you are sorry I haven't Don anything wrong. Tell you what you do. You get the hell outta my house. Until you come back and you humble yourself like David humbled himself to God, admit to what you've Don and repent for, and then we can have reconciliation. But until That time, don't you show your face here. This is what the left is taken away from the young. They are giving them this prideful spirit. And with a prideful spirit, they can, you cannot teach a prideful person.


You must be a humble, apt pupil. You must go in and humble yourself to your teacher and say, teach me. You know, you've seen athletes, they go up to a coach and you know, they like, you can't teach That guy. But if He runs up to the coach and looks at him and say, yeah, coach Yes, yes. Now I have myself a student. You show up early, you leave late, you do your work hard, you ask questions. That assist you in doing your job. Now I have myself in the out pupil, but these people are wrapped up in this false pride. And the left just feeds it and feeds it. The pronoun thing, right? The whole gay rights thing. My pronouns, my feelings, my truth, my, my, my, my.


When is the last time you heard any of those lazy jokers? Thank America for what they've given them for the house That they live in, you know, people That own, you know, any type of government assistance you ever see 'em? Thank, thank this country for being able to go to the doctor for free, a free house to live in, free food to eat, no pre-education. I want more, more, more, more, more, more. Never gratitude, never thank you. More, more, more, more, more. And until they start loving themselves, they can have as many juneteenth and MLK days. They can take taking, take down as many American confederate flags as they want.


They can march as much as they want. They can sweat, they can fight, and they can riot. Until they start loving themselves and start taking responsibility for their own actions, they're gonna remain at the bottom. And that's for everybody. That believes. That sick ideology. You know, when, when you talk about tolerance, the, the thing That, Judeo-Christian values teach with regard to tolerance is That. Obviously you have to have grace for sinners, but you never have grace for the sin. There's this bizarre, this bizarre mindset in the United States and, and in the West generally, which is That. Not only do you have to have grace for people who sin, but the sinner gets to now set. The new standard is, is unprecedented. I mean, you, you cannot have a system of rules where the people who violate the rules are not treated as, you know, people.


We should, again, have tolerance in grace for, but are the people who get to set the new standard themselves. And the more you violate the standard, the the be, the better off you are. The more intersectional you are, the, the more you have been victimized by society. And That really goes to a, a sense of self definition. That, That, I think So much of the West has bought into, if you're a religious person, if you're a traditional person, in any sense, the way That you believe That, you are defined as a human being. You are born into a system. That predates you, and you owe something to the people who eventually you are going to have to raise, right? You owe something to the future and you owe a lot to the past. And if you are in modern society, you are apparently born in the middle of nowhere. You get to set standards for yourself. And in fact, any other institution, any rules are an imposition on you as a human being.


And So, the most free you could be, the most you, the most authentic you could be, is by blowing up all the rules around you and So. The more violative you are, the more transgressive you are, the stronger and better you are. But That, of course, is not true because that's not how reality works. It turns out That the rules, That, were set by your ancestors and That you're supposed to pass on to your kids. Those are rules for the road. It's, it's as though you're hand in a driver's manual by your parents about how to drive this car. And instead of doing That, you just toss it out the window. You, you have no idea how anything in the car works, but you now declare That. Anytime you hit a button and it doesn't do what you want it to do, the car has somehow failed and then you just start taking a bat to the car and soon you're left with, with nothing. You're left with, with a complete piece of trash and you blame your parents for, for apparently having built a defective car.


You know what Ben just said? You said, That, So, Well. And here's the thing. The gatekeepers know That. There's enough empirical evidence over the last 100 years to tell them, That, everything That they're doing is wrong. This is why I say they're evil. They see the numbers just like you and I see the numbers. These guys are doctors. They know That. A baby is alive. They know That. When you abort a child up to the ninth month, That child is alive. They know That. The, when they voted against the stay alive, bill That, a baby That survived an abortion, and you lay 'em on the table and you just let them die. And then when Trump said they believe in abortion after the ninth month, no we don't. No, we don't. You voted against the stay alive Bill.


Of course you do. Of course you do. They know this. A democratic party. Heaven party is an American. Hell. John F. Kennedy stood in front of the Berlin Wall, 1963 I think it was. Say all these people That, think That Communism is great. That. It's How good. Let them come to Berlin. Well, I tell you, That, if you think the Democratic Party is So great, it is How good. Let them come to Detroit. Let them come to Chicago. Let 'em come to Memphis. Let 'em come to Seattle. Let 'em come to Portland, la let 'em come to Richmond. Let 'em come to, to, to, to, to, to, to any way. That. They rule Milwaukee, Philadelphia, mayhem, murder, destruction, terrible schools.


They control every whole house, every crack corner, every failing school, every corrupt police force, every judge, every jury that's sending black men to prison, they know exactly what they're doing. This is not a mistake. Just like the old slave plantation, they knew what The Wire doing. It was all about them. One question, am I maintaining power? Answer yes. Don't change a thing. That's who they are. Well Vince, obviously, you know, your passion is infectious. Everybody should go check out your brand new book, the End of Tolerance. Really appreciate the time and thanks for fighting for what you're fighting for. Ben, thank you So much, man. Your true patriot. good, true American.


You're a good man. I love your show. Thank you So much. Really appreciate it. Keep this ball rolling, man, because you're changing the world. Thanks. Thank you. The Ben Shapiro Sunday special is produced by Savannah Morris and Matt Kemp. Associate producers are Jake Pollock and John Crick. Editing is by Katie Vander. Coy audio is mixed by Mike Corina. Camera and Lighting is by Zach gta, hair, makeup, and Wardrobe by Fabiola Christina. Title graphics are by Cynthia Angulo, executive assistant Kelly Carvallo. Executive in charge of production is David Waris, executive producer Justin Siegel, executive producer Jeremy Boring. The Ben. Shapiro Show Sunday Special is a Daily Wire production.


Copyright Daily Wire 2024.