
I am one of many Americans who bought a gun within the last year. Well, I get to the range as much as I can. I usually go with my wife and sometimes we put it off because the guns are really loud for her and sometimes the recoil is a lot for her and sometimes the recoil can be uncomfortable. Fortunately, this doesn't have to be the case. There's a single accessory that will make going to the range a lot more enjoyable. Silencers make shooting significantly quieter and cut out a lot of that recoil and concussion, but obtaining a silencer can be a pain in the neck. There's a ton of paperwork and red tape involved. Fortunately, my friends over at Silencer Shop are here to help. They make Getting silencers super simple silencer shop is help more American gun owners get suppressors than anyone else because they make the process so much easier than anyone else. They offer the largest selection of top brand silencers and their dedicated team will help you find the perfect fit for your firearm. They handle the hard part. They'll help you submit all your paperwork. You can get your suppressor from the comfort of your home@silencershop.com slash shapiro. These guys really know what they're doing. They're huge advocates of your Second Amendment rights. Silencer Shop doesn't just support your Second Amendment rights. They fight for them. They spend a lot of time and money aggressively lobbying, fighting lawsuits, and supporting Pro-Second Amendment legislation across the nation. You gotta check 'em out. Go to silencer shop.com/shapiro. Let Silencer shop help you make your guns better. That's silencer shop.com/shapiro.


Scamala Harris has now selected her vice presidential candidate. His name is Tim Walls and he is one of the most radical governors in all of America Despite. his seemingly humble beginnings, his career trajectory is littered with questionable decisions, political opportunism, and increasingly radical campaigns. Tim Walls was born on April 6th, 1964 in West Point, Nebraska. His dad worked as a public school administrator. His mom was a community activist and Homemaker Wallace told Minnesota Public Radio. They were certainly New Deal, which is Wallace's claim to being a born and bred Democrat. According to the independent Wallace's parents almost named him after President John F. Kennedy Walls shared quote, growing up Catholic, we had John Kennedy memorabilia in house.


My mother was pregnant with me when he was assassinated and I guess there was a debate about calling me John when she was picking names. The tenuous connection with the Kennedys was just an early indicator that politics would be Tim Wall's. Life after high school walls joined the Army National Guard concurrently. He pursued a career in education earning a bachelor's degree from prestigious Chadron State College in 1989, and a master's degree from Minnesota State University. In 2001, WA taught high school geography and coach football. He was an assistant coach, not a head coach Despite. His latest attempts to play one on tv, but what defined his career was his relentless pursuit of political advancement. The first place he sought out that advancement appears to have been China Walls, has been to China over 30 times. Yes, you heard that correctly. More than 30 visits to a country that is and has been no friend to the United States Wall's.


Connection with China began in 1989, a pivotal year marked by the horrific Tiananmen Square massacre. While most Americans were recoiling from the brutality of the Chinese Communist party walls decided it was a perfect time to head on over to China to teach, even witnessed the aftermath of the protest firsthand. Fast forward a few years and he chose to go back to honeymoon in China with his wife when an odd place for a honeymoon to be sure, but then again, Bernie Sanders honeymoon in the Soviet Union. But wait, there's more. Walz and his wife started a company educational travel adventures specifically to take high school students from Mancato, Minnesota on trips to China every summer. These trips, it turns out were at least partially funded by the Chinese regime. What did China expect in return for this generosity? No one knows, but the CCP isn't exactly famous for being, giving and open-hearted wall's.


Interactions in China didn't go unnoticed. It's almost certain the Ministry of State Security, China's powerful secret police vetted him. There's no hard evidence of course to suggest that WA was directly involved with Chinese intelligence. For the very nature of his extensive travel and engagement with Chinese officials warrants some scrutiny. Another questionable life choice occurred when walls then a 31-year-old high school teacher and assistant football coach. An example for the children of Mankato West High School was arrested for driving under the influence in Nebraska. Walls was pulled over for speeding, clocked at 96 miles per hour in a 55 mile per hour zone. According to the police report, the arresting officer detected a strong odor of alcohol on walls as breath in person, while subsequently failed both a field sobriety test and a breathalyzer leading to his arrest and subsequent guilty plea. In 1996 during Tim Wall's 2006 campaign for Congress, his campaign manager, Carrie Greeley, attempted to address the resurfacing of that 1995 DUI.


Greeley asserted WA was not actually drunk at the time of the arrest. She attributed the incident to a misunderstanding, partly due to Wall's partial deafness, which he suffered during his time in the National Guard. Something about him being partially deaf probably explained how he flunked the field. Sobriety and breathalyzer test clocking a 0.128% on the ladder. Even the end of wall's National Guard service was shrouded in controversy. According to the New York Post, veterans have accused him of embellishing his military career and abandoning his National Guard battalion. That's because walls retired ahead of his unit's. 2005 deployment to Iraq. According to retired command sergeants, major Thomas Barons and Paul Hur Walls quit upon learning that his unit would be deployed to Iraq even after telling his fellow troops, he would join them there according to Barons and her on May six 16, 2005, while squid betraying his country leaving the first 125th field artillery battalion and its soldiers hanging without its senior, non-commissioned officer as the battalion prepared for war.


Here's Barons explaining. He he abandoned us. You know, I mean, what the hell kinda leader does that? I mean he just, as soon as the shots were fired in Iraq, he turned and ran the other way and hung his hat up and quit. And Wallace's official congressional biography. It simply states walls served overseas with his battalion in support of operation enduring freedom. From a veteran's perspective, there is a big difference between serving overseas in support of an operation versus in an operation. Wallace's biography is intentionally vague. Veterans have been ringing the alarm bells ever since his 2006 run for Congress one video unearthed online shows a veteran confronting walls, his campaign staff at his offices over the issue. There's A huge difference between being deployed to a certain face in Italy and being in in the how lab zone have Afghani thin under current US law.


This could get the Congressman probably thrown in jail in violation of 2006 stolen Ballard. None of this has stopped walls from continuing to imply he served in combat highest Ranking enlisted soldier ever to serve in Congress. Retired 24 years later as Command Sergeant Major and served with his battalion at Operating Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan. Having been one of those that came back, we were in support of OEF, but being sitting in there with O-E-F-O-I-F veterans when we came back, they showed us the horse whisper and told us to be nice when we went home. This type of lie is typically known as stolen valor. While the nature of his veteran status remained hazy throughout his gubernatorial campaign and election, his elevation to Kamala Harris's presidential ticket has brought those allegations back to light.


Ironically enough, it was Kamala Harris's campaign account that tweeted a video of wall claiming to have carried weapons and more. I've Been voting for common sense legislation that protects the Second Amendment, but we can do background checks. We can do CDC research. We can make sure we don't have reciprocal carry among states and we can make sure that those weapons of war that I carried in war is the only place where those weapons are at. Even CN understood the gravity of the stolen ballot allegations. There is No evidence that at any time Governor Waltz was in a position of being shot at and some of his language could easily be seen to suggest that he was Immediately after abandoning his troops', waltz launched a run for Congress. In fact, he was apparently considering a run for Congress even during his last years in the National Guard. In 2006, walls formerly entered the political arena.


He ran for the US House of Representatives from Minnesota's first congressional district. He narrowly defeated six term Republican incumbent. Gil Gutnick, his focus on veterans affairs, agriculture education master more opportunistic approach to governance. This administration took us to an unjustified war in Iraq where our warriors are doing the best they can. They are the best that's ever been fielded. They left them there. They do not support the VA on the back end, and this country is no safer because of it, we can do better. I don't have to rebut or say anything. I live that I on a teacher's salary understand what's happening. When I coached football, these stands held about 3000 people. That's a lot. It's also the number of American soldiers who have died. Fighting in Iraq. Serving right now are kids that I taught, coached and trained to be soldiers.


They deserve a plan for Iraq to govern itself so they can come home. As a former high school teacher, Waz made education a central plank of his 2006 campaign. He argued for increased federal funding for public schools, largely lease ops to the teacher's unions. Tim Waltz's, time is US representative, was marked by a stance on positions he would quickly abandon. Later upon becoming Minnesota governor, he represented himself as a moderate, a supporter of gun rights, the Keystone XL Pipeline in Israel. He also voted in favor of tighter vetting of refugees while while served on the House Committee on Veterans Affairs and was a vocal proponent of veterans rights via whistleblowers reported that Wall's office did not adequately support their efforts to expose mismanagement and corruption within the VA. Walls also gained reputation for failures in his communication and with his office's constituent services.


Reports have delayed responses and insufficient support for constituents dealing with federal agencies were recurrent themes. During his tenure by 2017, walls saw an opportunity to climb the political ladder higher, announcing his candidacy for governor of Minnesota. His campaign capitalized on Governor Mark Dayton's decision not to seek reelection. The Democratic primary for governor was a battleground with walls facing formative opponents like state representative Aaron Murphy and Attorney General Lori Swanson Wall's campaign strategy was straightforward when at any cost, the cost was the abandonment of much of his centrist platform. He suddenly shifted left on issues like gun control and vetting of refugees. Should Minnesotans be required by law to show a valid ID to vote and should undocumented or illegal immigrants be granted driver's licenses and Tim Walls will just go around That knowing, yes, they should yes, not have an ID to vote and yes, they should have driver's licenses.


So when Hope comes home after Parkland and says, dad, we have to do something. This issue of the nation changing the NRA changing and to be quite honestly, the folks we're gonna need to actually get this done. Responsible gun owners, if we can't welcome them in when there's a change of heart, if we can't welcome them in to make a difference to actually get this done, then it's simply advocacy and words. He also endorsed a public option for healthcare that would effectively undercut private insurance in the state. He pushed vast spending initiatives on everything from infrastructure to affordable housing. He suggested a vast overhaul of the state's energy system in order to stop climate change, including extraordinary spending on wind, solar, and other inefficient technologies.


There wasn't a spending initiative. Walls didn't support. This place is sacred to me. It's sacred to Minnesotans. As your governor, I will do nothing that puts at risk that sacred place, but I will continue to pr, to praise, to build and to make sure that if we have the solutions to build the clean energy economy, we have the solution to create jobs. I will stand there and make it happen. While I was also began speaking loudly about social issues, he pushed soft on crime policies, gun control, lgbtq plus minus divided by sign issues while secured the Democratic Farmer Labor nomination with 41.6% of the vote in the general election walls faced Republican Jeff Johnson, the race wasn't much of one Walls unwilling to define himself clearly politically and acting all things to all people.


1 53 0.9% of the vote. It was his governor. However, that Wall's true Leftism emerged on his very first day in Office Walls, signed an executive order establishing A DEI Council, diversity, equity and Inclusion tasked with implementing DEI focused initiatives all across state agencies. The council included representatives from various state departments, community organizations and advocacy groups with the timeline aiming for quarterly reports and a comprehensive action plan within the first year, the DEI council's mandate included conducting assessments of current practices, identifying disparities and recommending policy changes to promote equity and inclusion, equality of outcome. This council also oversaw the implementation of DEI focused training programs for state employees on issues related to diversity and unconscious bias.


Let's be clear about what this meant. Tim Wall's prioritized an agenda that elevated identity politics over merit and competence. This council enforced quotas and mandates leading to hiring practices that emphasized demographic characteristics rather than qualifications or experience wall's. First Step in Office was a step towards division and DEI when the pandemic of 2020 hit Wall's instinct was to lock down hard. On March 13th, 2020, he declared a peacetime emergency, then issued more than 100 executive orders ranging from stay-at-home mandates to mask requirements to business closures. The Minnesota economy plummeted into chaos. According to the Minnesota Chamber of Commerce quote, total non-farm employment fell by 416,000 jobs in March and April in amount larger than the entirety of North Dakota's Workforce unemployment spiked to 11% in May State, GDP to climb by nearly 30% In the second quarter, tens of thousands of businesses around the state were forced to close their doors and either pivot to remote operations or temporarily close their business altogether.


Wall's administration faced criticism for inconsistent messaging and execution of policies. His decision to allow only outdoor dining during certain phases of reopening was met with confusion and frustration, particularly as other states adopted more direct and cohesive approaches. The administration's handling of unemployment benefits and aid distribution was slow and inefficient. Compounding the economic hardships faced by many Minnesotans, the $67.3 million in Covid to 19 business relief payments that walls controlled were insufficient and came too late to save too many local businesses. One of the most contentious aspects of Wall's pandemic response was his handling of health and safety measures in long-term care facilities. Early on in the pandemic, these facilities became hotspots for COVID-19 outbreaks leading to a significant number of deaths among elderly residents.


The state's response was inadequate and slow, failing to protect most vulnerable populations effectively. This criticism was further fueled by reports of insufficient PPE and delayed testing in these facilities. Additionally, WA administration failed religious groups, including the Minnesota Catholic Bishops by placing limits on religious gatherings. Those restrictions infringed on religious freedom and were inconsistently applied compared to other public gatherings in the state. Waltz's administration went to great length to intrude on the privacy of his citizens. During the pandemic in March, 2020, walls implemented a COVID-19 hotline, which encouraged Minnesotans to report violations of state lockdown orders. The information you leave is considered public information. At the tone, please leave the following information. Your name, your callback number, how the stay at home order is being violated, and where the stay at home order was violated.


Thank you. This so-called Snitch Line was operational. From March, 2020 until June, 2022. The hotline generated thousands of reports from residents who reported their neighbors for dangerous, scary activities like walking their dogs, playing basketball, not wearing masks, making non-essential purchases and hosting church services that did not meet legal requirements set by Waltz's orders. Today, of course, waltz claims the essence of Minnesota nice minding your own damn business. There's A golden rule, mind your own damn business In Minnesota, we respect our neighbors and their personal choices that they make. Waltz's administration also implemented an unconstitutional, unethical DEI based approach to rationing Covid to 19 treatments prioritizing patients based on race.


Under Waltz's watch, the Minnesota Department of Health adopted an ethical framework that explicitly gave preference to non-white residents for monoclonal antibody treatments. This framework was based on non-binding FDA guidance suggesting that race could be a risk factor for severe covid to 19 outcomes. The policy, for example, prioritized black 18 year olds over elderly white people. The state's rationing plan part of the Minnesota Resource Allocation Platform assigned points for various risk factors with racial minorities automatically receiving two points. This meant that being a racial minority could elevate someone's priority for receiving scarce COVID-19 treatments even if they were at lower overall risk compared to elderly or immunocompromised patients. The America First legal advocacy group challenged the system highlighting that race is not a medical condition like hypertension or heart disease, which are legitimate risk factors for severe covid to 19 outcomes, the policy was eventually scrapped after legal threats and public outcry.


Every major issue that arose during waltz's governorship was met with gross incompetence. The handling of the riots following the killing of George Floyd on May 25th, 2020 was no different. The response from state and local authorities was sluggish and ineffective. Wal admitted to an abject failure in the response to the riots, there Weren't any police there. There weren't any firefighters. There was no social control, and her constituents were locked in their house wondering what they were going to do. That is an abject failure that cannot happen. The delayed deployment of the National Guard, along with a lack of clear directives fueled the chaos. Minneapolis police were overwhelmed by the scale of the unrest, which included mass looting, arson and violence. Minneapolis Police chief made Redondo and Mayor Jacob Frey both acknowledged that their forces were overcome by the scale and intensity of the unrest.


The failure to evacuate the third precinct before it was set on fire further highlighted the poor coordination between authorities. Minneapolis Fire Chief John Freal was unaware of the fire until informed by a CNN host highlighting the communication breakdowns that plagued the response efforts. All due to the governor's absence of leadership. Waltz's decision to delay the National Guard deployment was a massive mistake. By the time the National Guard was mobilized and arrived on the scene, the damage had already been done. Buildings were burning. The city was in chaos. Senate majority leader Paul Gazelka, criticized walls for not taking immediate control and using his emergency powers more decisively, adding insult to injury as Tim Wall's family was off to do was Hope Walls, Tim Wall's, 19-year-old daughter during the riots in response to a post from a community organizer warning rioters to get out Hope tweeted quote, the guard cannot be sent within minutes.


To be clear, the National Guard will not be present tonight. Obviously she knew something the rioters did not hope. Wall's, Twitter Count, hope Walls has since been scrubbed of all content we got tomorrow on the Democrats presidential nominee and her vice presidential nominee in just a second.


First, are you still struggling with back taxes or unfiled returns? Handling this alone can be a huge mistake. It can cost you thousands of dollars in these challenging times. Your best offense is Tax Network USA. With over 14 years of experience, the experts at Tax Network USA have saved clients millions in back taxes. Regardless of the size of your tax issue, their expertise will work to your Advantage. Tax Network. USA offers three key services, protection, compliance, and settlement. Upon signing up Tax Network, USA will immediately contact the IRS to secure a protection order ensuring that aggressive collection activities like garnishments, levies or property seizures are halted. If you haven't filed in a while and need amended returns or your missing records tax network, USA's expert tax preparers will update all your filings to eliminate the risk of IRS enforcement. Then they'll create a settlement strategy to reduce or eliminate your tax debt. The IRS is the largest collection agency on planet Earth. Now that tax season is over, collection season has begun, Tax Network, USA can even help with state tax issues. For a complimentary consultation, call today, one eight hundred nine five eight 1000 or visit their website at tn usa.com/shapiro. That's 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/shapiro today. Don't let the IRS take advantage of you. Get the help you need with Tax Network USA.


Throughout the Crisis Wall's, public statements reflected a reactive approach. He acknowledged the state's slow response, admitting the situation should have been handled more swiftly. His comments about the need for unity and understanding the community's pain, belied the fact he failed his office. He failed the people of Minnesota. In one of the state's most critical moments complicating the issue for the governor was his wife, Gwen Walls. She gave outrageous public comments during the riots. Here's what she had to say. I could smell the burning tires. That was a very real thing and I kept the windows open for as long as I could because I felt like that was such a touchstone of what was. What was happening. That's a bit of white privilege for you. During the peak of the riots when Minneapolis was engulfed in chaos buildings, burning businesses being looted, people suffering resulting in an estimated $2 billion in damage nationwide, Gwen Walls kept the windows of the governor's mansion open as long as she could to smell the burning tires so she could suffer along with her people that may be in the race for the most elitist tone deaf response to a crisis in modern history.


But wait, there's more. Gwen Waltz has been a radically outspoken advocate for criminal justice reform being quoted as saying quote, criminals should have as many chances as they need. How Many chances do you get? My answer to that is as many chances as you need. During a 2020 rally at the state capitol, Gwen encouraged individuals who needed pardons to apply. If you need a pardon apply, those numbers have been going down. I want them up. Flood the zone because what that does is fully restore people to our community and we need each and every person in this state in our community rights restored, active, engaged by rights. She means removing the accountability of committing a felony in our country, restoring voting rights, creating leniency where there should clearly be none. Aiding in Gwen Waltz's efforts was none other than Kamala Harris, who reinforced her own lenient crime stance In a tweet during the riots, Kamala promoted and requested donations to the Minnesota Freedom Fund, a fund subsidizing cash bails for criminals.


In this case, the fund was bailing out the rioters and looters causing the destruction on Minneapolis's streets. So what did Tim Walls have to say? During the riots in a press conference, walls decided to make his position on systemic racism abundantly clear in the press conference while stated quote, I understand clearly that many communities feel the weight of systemic racism. He emphasized, I will not patronize the struggles these communities face. Acknowledging that difficult that is walls didn't stop at merely acknowledging systemic racism, he doubled down declaring. I refuse to overlook the blatant injustices that occur in broad daylight sympathy for the rioters in the middle of gigantic riots. That's the Tim Wall story. I understand clearly there is no trust in many of our communities and I will not patronize you as a white man without living those those lived experiences of how very difficult that is, and I refuse to have it take away.


The attention of the stain that we need to be working on is what happened with those fundamental institutional racism that allows a man to be held down in broad daylight. And thank God a young person had a camera to video it. In June, 2020, a group of protestors led by members of the American Indian Movement toppled a statue of Christopher Columbus outside the Minnesota State Capitol. These vandals who considered Columbus a symbol of genocide against Native Americans, pulled down the statue with robes. Walls, was aware ahead of time that groups might attempt to tear down the statue, but when the incident occurred, law enforcement was criticized for not intervening. Walls was commissioner of the Department of Public Safety later told the press law enforcement was not able to get out there in time. Sure.


It was literally right outside the state Capitol. At a press conference wall stated that while he did not condone the act of topping the statue and warned there would be consequences for those involved, he also expressed understanding for the protesters actions. In a statement, he noted that the protestors had legitimate concerns regarding Columbus' legacy and the ongoing issues faced by indigenous communities. Republican Senate Majority leader Paul Gazelka made the link to other leadership failures during the Black Lives Matter riots Gazelka stated the governor didn't protect the third precinct. He didn't protect businesses on Lake Street. The Lieutenant governor condoned the destruction of public property. Mike Foria, the activist who led the toppling of the statute, was charged with felony criminal damage to property. However, in a deal with prosecutors, he avoided trial and received a sentence of 100 hours of community service. That sentence falls right in line with how Tim Walls deals with criminals.


A society that does not put equity and inclusion at the center of it is certainly going to eventually come to the places where we're at Following the riots themselves. The trial of Derek Chauvin, the former Minneapolis police officer charged with the murder of George Floyd was one of the most high profile cases in recent history. Tim Wall's, management of the case and the surrounding environment was as mishandled as the riots themselves From the beginning Wall's. Administration failed to ensure an impartial and fair trial for Derek Chauvin. The extensive pretrial publicity and the public pressure for conviction compromised the integrity of the judicial process without a doubt. Additionally, wall's, public statements did nothing to address concerns about due process for Chauvin. By transferring the prosecution to Attorney General, Keith Ellison known for his progressive views.


Walls bouts public pressure and to the left walls ultimately called Chauvin's conviction, a critical step towards justice and used the momentum to push for legislative changes aimed at the police. In the wake of the Chauvin trial and the subsequent shooting of Dante Wright Walls failed any and all tests in public safety. George Floyd's death and our Justice system's conviction gives us that small place to believe we can make the difference. As time went on. Failures from the pandemic continued to plague walls at his doorstep landed The Feeding Our Future scandal, one of the largest pandemic related fraud cases in the entire nation. The scheme involved the embezzlement of $250 million from federal child Nutrition programs meant to feed low income kids during the Covid to 19 pandemic.


Federal prosecutors have charged dozens of individuals associated with Feeding our future, alleging they use the funds for personal luxuries like jewelry and property instead of, you know, feeding kids. An audit revealed that Tim Wall's, Minnesota Department of Education failed to act on warning signs and did not perform adequate due diligence on high risk applicants. The controversy deepened when Ramsey County Judge John Guffman issued a statement disputing waltz's public characterization of the court's role. Waltz had suggested the court forced the Minnesota Department of Education for resume payments to feeding our future after they were suspended due to suspicions of fraud. He described being speechless when Judge Guffman ruled in favor of the organization in April, 2021. Implying the court's decision left the state with no choice but to continue the payments. We respected the judge decision, but I could, and yes, on this one I can tell you I was speechless.


However, judge Guffman clarified he never ordered the MDE to resume payments. Instead, he said the department resumed payments voluntarily. Although they were threatened with sanctions and legal penalties if they did not comply in June, 2021, the judge found the MDE in contempt of court for failing to process feeding our futures applications in a timely manner and ordered the department to pay sanctions. Once again, Tim Wall's administration was found negligent and lacked transparency in handling its cases. Once again, Tim Wall's lacked leadership in his slate of failures to take action once again. As per the usual, Tim Walls failed in addition to as many failures. Tim Wall's tenure was characterized by a hard turn toward the extreme left. He pledged to go net zero on the electric grid by 2040, radically increasing the cost structure for energy wall's. Policies on gun control, criminal justice reform and social issues reflected his increasing bow to the progressive wing of the Democratic Party.


Despite all of this wall secured reelection in 2022 with a lower share of the vote and pushed through significant legislative changes with the Democratic majority in the state legislature. His administration passed a $17.5 billion budget that included overreach and overspending on education infrastructure and progressive priorities like universal free school meals, abortion rights protections, and a statewide paid leave program. In 2023 walls advanced several pieces of legislation that expanded benefits for illegal immigrants. One significant legislative move was to offer tuition free public college education for undocumented immigrants from families earning less than 80 grand annually. Additionally, walls signed a bill allowing illegal immigrants to obtain driver's licenses. A move he pretended to enact as a measure to enhance Road Safety Wall said quote, ensuring drivers in our state are licensed and carrying insurance makes the road safer for all Minnesotans.


It's done These 2023 initiatives built on wall's earlier actions in 2019 when he passed state funded healthcare provisions for illegal immigrants. According to the Minnesota House of Representatives website, those with refugee or asylum status could access supplemental security income while illegal non-citizens could benefit from programs like Minnesota Care and snap. These progressive policies put a strain on state resources and encouraged illegal immigration. According to the migration Policy Institute, Minnesota has an undocumented immigrant population of approximately 81,000 individuals out of a total state population of 5.7 million. A fraction of that total illegal immigration population of the country that we even know about. Of course, if Walls was willing to do that to Minnesota, imagine what he would do with the whole country Walls is next priority after its reelection was a terrifying move that centered around expanding abortion rights in Minnesota.


In 2023, wall signed the Protect Reproductive Options Act, a horrific piece of legislation establishing a fundamental right to obtain an abortion. In Minnesota. The Pro Act lacks time limits, term or trimester specifications, meaning it permits abortion up and until the point of birth. Additionally, walls signed a Minnesota Senate bill 2 9 9 5, repealing several existing laws protecting life that bill repealed provisions that prohibited coercion into undergoing an abortion or sterilization, as well as the use of public funds for abortion, including for minors in schools. The bill also eliminated any requirement for written patient consent before an abortion instead requiring only that the abortion be deemed medically necessary by the treating provider. The repeal of informed consent provisions, which previously mandated that women be informed about the medical risks of an abortion, the age of the unborn child and their rights to state assistance or other paternal child support was also prioritized and enacted by Waltz.


Since the reversal of the Dobbs versus Jackson Women's Health Organization decision, Minnesota has become a booming abortion factory for women all over the Midwest. The combination of the Pro Act and Senate Bill 2 9 9 5 has made the state a significant provider of abortion services all pushed by Tim Walls and his government. In addition to his extraordinarily radical abortion policies, walls has also played a key role in the advancement of left-wing L-G-B-T-Q policies throughout his political career. This started with his advocacy of the repeal of Don't Ask Don't Tell in the military. And in 2006, congressional Speech Walls emphasized sexual orientation did not affect a unit's ability to fulfill its mission. I know how important it is to fill our military with qualified, professional, and motivated volunteers. We are blessed in this nation.


That's exactly what we have. It's time for us to honor their professionalism and know that they're ready to end this discriminatory practice. I Support Walls was a key player in Congress. In passing the Matthew Shepherd and James Berg Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act, which expanded the definition of federal hate crimes to include those based on sexual orientation, gender identity, and disability. This bill arose out of an implicit accusation that Matthew Shepard was killed due to his sexual orientation marking the Midwest as a bigoted place. A story since totally debunked by the free press. In a revisit of the case, the article determined the 1998 murder of Matthew Sheard was motivated not by sexual orientation or homophobia, but by drugs and money. In January, 2021 Wall signed an executive order to ban conversion therapy and in March, 2023, wall signed the Trans Refuge and Gender Affirming Healthcare Bill.


This bill made Minnesota into a so-called Trans Sanctuary state. The bill ensures transgender individuals and their families can access quote unquote, gender affirming healthcare without any legal repercussions. Walls has been presented by the Harris campaign as America's dad emphasizing his family oriented image and Midwestern roots. This portrayal is attempting to serve as a strategic foil to distract from wall's. Wild left wing stances. The campaign highlights his wholesome family life, posting about his kids' achievements and family activities to try and create a sense of authenticity and relatability. That is a false flag. It is not true. It's not Mr. Feeney. He's not Coach Taylor. He is, as he has stated publicly and repeatedly, a wild progressive, a radical and liar.


Wallace's personal background is leveraged to enhance his moderate image raised in a small town in Nebraska. His experiences as a high school teacher, football coach and Army National Guard member paint a picture of somebody deeply connected to traditional American values. It is all political sleigh of hand. It's a bad political leigh of hand at that arrested for DUI while teacher and assistant coach abandoning his unit in the guard. None of the dad persona really sticks when revealed. In examining wall's career, it becomes painfully clear. His journey from a high school teacher to state governor has been marred by a series of missteps, failures, and it turned toward the radical left wall's. Administration characterized by indecision and reactive measures has dragged Minnesota through crisis after crisis, each handled with a lack of foresight or effective leadership. The COVID-19 pandemic saw walls as draconian lockdown measures, cripple small businesses leading to countless closures and economic hardships.


His delayed disjointed response to the George Floyd riots allowed chaos to reign in Minneapolis exacerbating tensions and leading to widespread destruction in the aftermath. This handling of the Derek Chauvin trial did nothing to ensure a fair judicial process instead contributing to a politically charged atmosphere that undermined public confidence in the justice system. He has left Minnesota more divided than ever, and more people are leaving Minnesota than ever. Here is a chart of people leaving Minnesota. Tim Waltz's, Minnesota legacy will likely be more about his progressive policies, failures and controversies than any substantive achievements. His tenure stands the cautionary tale of how poor leadership and political opportunism can lead to further crisis and complete deletion of public trust. Not a great look for a person seeking higher office.


In January, 2024 Walls joined many on the left and down playing concerns about President Joe Biden's mental fitness dismissing them at the time as ageism. I think he's just doing what he does and I think it's a kind of incumbent upon all of us. Look, my mom's 88 still living on the farm drives herself. Folks are able to do this. So I think this little bit of ageism that goes to this if, if it's not, that would be something else. This stance contradicted pretty much all the evidence, including Rasmussen Report and Heartland Institute poll showing more than six. In 10 likely voters believed Biden's mental decline posed a national security threat. Wall's dismissal of those concerns further undermine his credibility, especially as the truth about Biden's. Cognitive challenges became painfully clear to Americans over the course of the summer. In the lead up to Kamala Harris selecting her running mate, the progressive godfather himself, Bernie Sanders vocally supported Tim Walls.


I'm very impressed by him. I think you have an excellent governor who understands the needs of working families and I hope very much that the vice President selects a running mate who will speak up and take on powerful corporate and I think Tim Waltz is somebody who could do that. Sanders emphasized that wa a former teacher and native of rural Nebraska would be a strong advocate for taking on powerful corporate interests. Class that should have been a giant red flashing cautionary signal. Do not pass. Go walls is not a centrist. Waltz is ventured as far from his Midwestern traditionalist roots as one can. Governor Waltz, are you a progressive or are you a centrist? I'm a progressive At his debut rally in Philadelphia as Kamala's new VP pick he ba in another opportunity to call JD Vance, the Republican vice presidential Lamine.


Weird. You Know it, you feel it. These guys are creepy and yes, just weird as hell. That's what you see. That's what you see. Which has been pared by Democrats and the media establishment. But I repeat myself for weeks. Yeah, it's Not, I mean it's quite weird. Just plain weird, just plain weird, really weird. It's such a weirdo. They're weird. They are weird Republicans just being weird. He Said a lot of things that are weird, Just plain weird Walls is the person who popularized the term weird to refer to Republicans in an interview with Morning Joe after the assassination attempt on President Trump caused in large part by inflammatory rhetoric of the left, the Democrats found themselves back footed. They needed a new strategy. One less incendiary, but still critical. Enter Tim Walls. These are weird people on the other side.


They want to take books away. They want to be in your exam room. That's, that's what it comes down to. And don't you know, get sugarcoating this. These are weird ideas. Listen to them speak. Listen now they talk about things. Walls introduced the term weird as a viral trend to describe Republican party behavior, policies and players. The strange move was aimed at appealing to younger generations, especially Gen Z, but this was a rather ironic choice considering the long line of strange and extreme actors within his own party. The truth is that nothing is weirder than the current Democratic Party. It's key players, it's policies, it's followers. Considering the alternatives. Tim Walls is a perplexing choice as running mate for Kamala Harris. In fact, the choice is so perplexing it raises some weird questions about discrimination in the selection process. The front runner originally for that VP nod was Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro, an extremely popular figure in a swing state.


62% approval rating Shapiro happens to be. However, openly pro-Israel and Jewish, Kamala Harris could not have that on the ticket as she seeks to win over the pro Kamas radicals in her base. All of those radicals, by the way, were ecstatic about the WA pick for good reason. It's Wolf baby. Let's go. High school teacher stand up. He comes from a rural state. He has been a champion of the working class. He's passed some very good legislation. He's a a wonderful person, just normal, lovely, wonderful guy. Wall's selection amplifies Kamala Harris's own radicalism. His own record is riddled with flaws. Question marks, history of flip-flopping poor decision making, ineffective leadership. Rather than strengthening the Democratic ticket, Wallace's presence bolsters the Trump vans campaign.


As the cracks in the Harris Walls team are already beginning to show, this is without a doubt the most left wing ticket to ever enter a presidential race. The ideological extremity of this ticket will alienate moderate and independent voters. Paving the way for Republican victory in the fall.


College is expensive, but being a man shouldn't be. Score 60% off Jeremy's razor's. One year of shaving and dominate campus life while others conform. You'll stand out clean, shaven and unapologetic. The precision five delivers an exceptionally smooth and close shave. Designed with a precision trimmer for keeping your edge and an ergonomic handle for superior control. Major in masculinity at jeremy's razors.com today.


Top reasons data nerds wanna move to Ohio. High paying careers for business researchers, analysts, project managers, and more. So many jobs you can take your pick. What else does the data say? How about a bigger backyard, a shorter commute, and a a paycheck that goes further. So crunch the numbers and our world famous pickles. It all adds up the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it. All. Dive into the data@callohiohome.com.