
Well, folks, since I'm off for Passover today, I thought that you might enjoy the full interview that I did with Malcolm Gait, who's basically a hobbit, who's an expert on Lord of the Rings, like a real expert on pretty much everything. Lord of the Rings, it's an awesome interview. It is really enjoyable, and it's a nice break. Reverend Doctor Malcolm Gait, welcome to the show. Really appreciate your time. Thank You. A pleasure to be with you. I won't talk about talking to anyone. I'm, I'm an enthusiastic I, I I can, I I, I would've been able to tell that even if you had not told me, which I, which I, I think is, speaks for itself. So let, let's talk about the books. So I, I will be frank with you that I've only read sections of the books, which is rare for me since I've read a lot, a lot of books.


And, and the reason for that is probably Tom Bombadil and the first 150 pages of Fellowship. Oh, really? Oh, I've just been doing a reading of a bit about Tom Bombadil. But all I can say, if you haven't read, all is lucky. You, you have a great pleasure in store. Whenever that rich and golden time arrives, when you can get really absorbed in it. Well, I'm definitely going to start reading it with my, with my kids right now. I have one who's 11 and one who's eight, and that says, Oh yeah, my, my, my dad read The Hobbit to me and then, then began the Lord of the Rings with me. And I, I carried, carried it on. But, you know, it's not only a glorious adventure, but you think you are escaping, you're getting away from the world, but actually at a deep level, you are being given just the kind of wisdom and insight and courage you need for when you go back into the world, You know?


So let's talk about the, the films and the books. Obviously, the vast majority of people at this point are familiar with Lord of the Rings, kinda in general, popular culture are, are familiar with it because of the films and the spinoffs. And so, so what are people missing if they've only seen the films, which are really terrific? Okay. I think the films are great. I, I, now, the Lord of the Rings films are great. I, I wouldn't say the same about The Hobbit, but I definitely think the Lord of the Rings films are great, partly because the images they took, they used Alan Lee and forgotten his name, the other Ted Na Smith's illustrations that went right back and used them. So what are they missing? Well, the first thing is talking was a linguist. He was a philologist. He loved languages, he cherished words.


And in some ways, you might say the the hidden hero of the Lord of the Rings is the English language itself. It's so beautifully used. It has such a range of registers. But you can see his understanding of philology and etymology and things just from the beauty of the names that he makes up. All the names are just right, you know, they work really well. I mean, I mean, even Hobbit, when he gives you the, he gives you the sort of literary history of that word, linguistics. It's whole bit lit, that's got the word hold in it. It's whole builders, you know, and you know, Gandalf, there's something, Alf was the Anglo-Saxon word for elf. So the sort of kinship in some ways, although they're distinct.


So you, first thing you'd be missing is the, is the, the language itself. But the second thing you'd be missing, which is much more important in a way, is your own imagination. Your internal imagery in a way, when you open a book and you see all the little blank, you know, you can open a chapter called Lth Laurean. And, and you can see all these little bits of ink and patterns arranged. That's not Lth Laurean, that's just the Lth Laurean starter kit. He gives you certain words about the trees, about how Frodo felt as they crossed the river into that realm. It crossed a bridge in time. But what he's doing is evoking something in you. And, you know, great as Peter Jackson is, he's giving you his personal Peter Jackson director's cut.


But your internal imagining of that book might be even better than Jackson. And even if it, it isn't, it's yours. I think, you know, when you imagine your Gandalf or your elrond, or much, much more importantly, not only your Sam, but your, and your, and your, your Frodo, but also the darker characters, your idea of who so man is or even sour on himself, what you are doing is you are drawing on deeper, deeper images from inside yourself about good or evil, about a true path or a false one. And in a sense, it's much better to draw them up from within than to have them projected from without. We'll get to more of this in a moment.


First, I need to continue to take care of myself this year, even with work being insane, I can't skip the gym. I need to make sure that I'm actually present when I'm with the family. I have to stay on top of maintaining my health. When I was younger, I believed that I could do that with sheer determination and coffee. But experience taught me that achieving my best performance depends on proper nutrition, especially incorporating plenty of fruits and veggies into my diet. And here's the thing, I don't like fruits and veggies. So I'm very thankful to have Balance of Nature, which fits right into even the busiest of days. Imagine trying to eat 31 different fruits and veggies every day. That sounds miserable and time consuming. But Balance of Nature, fruits and veggies, there's never been a more convenient dietary supplement to ensure you get a wide variety of fruits and veggies. Daily Balance of Nature takes the fruits and veggies. They freeze dry them, they turn them into a powder, and then they put them into a capsule. You take your fruit and veggie capsules every day, and your body knows precisely what to do with them. They're kosher. So it means I pop those right into the protein smoothies and I'm good to go. Go to Balance of Nature dot com. Use promo Coach Shapiro for 35% off your first order as a preferred customer. PLUS, get a free bottle of Fiber and spice, that's Balance of Nature dot com, promo code shapiro, Balance of Nature dot com, promo code Shapiro.


So let's talk about sort of the setting of, of Lord of the Rings a as far as when Tolkien wa was writing them, because obviously he, he's drawing from ancient mythology and, and he's creating his own languages, but he is also drawing a lot from contemporary politics and, and so Well, yeah, well, he, I mean, he almost certainly started the first imaginings of that whole realm of Middle Earth and be beyond it, you know, the lands beyond the Suning seas and so on. While he was a young man on the western front, I mean, he and CS Lewis were both young officers on the Western front. The attrition rate was absolutely terrible. We're incredibly lucky that both of them survived.


And indeed, of course, Lewis was wounded. Now, one of the things that happened after that, if you look at some of the other writers who came outta that, the Great War poets like Siegfried Sassoon and Wilfred Owen, they felt that the very idea of noble heroism, of chivalry of the noble warrior had been blown to bits on the western front, you know, Wil and came and wrote a very, very famous poem called Dolche Decorum Mess, which is a Latin thing, Dolche decorum mess, ma to sweetened property, die for your country. And he wrote a pretty savagely ironic poem about that. And you can forgive him for doing so given the kind of industrialization of carnage.


But, and this is a really significant, but, and that course became the mainstream of, of, you know, modern modernist culture, the Si Suos and the Wilford owns of this world. But Louis and Tolkien saw just as much hideous action on the Western front, but they came out and wrote stories in which it was still possible to have heroic courage. It was still possible for their, even in the midst of appalling odds and all the rest of it, for there to be human nobility, courage, but also compassion comradeship. Do you know what I mean? So they salvage, I think they were salvaging something. And for all the appalling, you know, for all that was regrettable about that war, they still felt something human and heroic could come out of it.


Now, in order to do that, they had to almost, well, look, talking had to invent a whole other realm. But of course you see images, if you read, I mean, I think probably it's quite well captured in the films as well. But if you read when they're going through the dead marshes and there's all these ponds and pools, and there's bodies kind of almost, and no li the gases from the corpses, lighting fires. And I think that is, that is straight out of that is talking, if you like to use a modern word, processing his war memories. So it's not that he shies back from, you know, what I call war and the pity of war, but he doesn't allow the pity and the empathy to completely over overrule the sense that there was, and there still is heroic virtue and courage.


And I think that's one of the most important things that came out of it. Obviously, he started in the war and then he was carrying on thinking these things through The Hobbit came out in the thirties, in the interwar years, and of course unbelievably for that generation who'd already been through one world war, another one started brewing on the horizon. Now, both Tolkien and Lewis and some of their other friends were, were not gonna be called up into the Second World War in a direct way, although in fact they did that thing. I mean, Lewis famously did these Christian broadcasts, and Lewis was taken out. When we think about the Battle of Britain, the last of the few, the last of the ones that you know, has just died, it was 105.


But Lewis was out there, you know, speaking to them. So I think some of what was going on there, there went in, went into that thinking. And indeed, since the Lord of the Rings didn't come out till the fifties, you know, the postwar things, but here's a really important thing. They're not writing some kind of one-to-one political allegory. So a classic example of this is when the Lord of the Rings came out, and there's the idea of there's this one ring, but we can't use it. We can't use the enemy's weapon. You change you. Well, not unnaturally people thought this was a political allegory about the nuclear bomb and about, you know, we, how do we defend civilization without becoming uncivilized ourselves? Now, that's always a good question.


I mean, Socrates asked that question, how do you defend civilization? But talking and talking had a laugh about this and writing, because he had already figured out the whole network of how the story of the ring works before we even knew about nuclear weapons. But here's a great thing, if you want to think about how to read this in the different political circumstances wherein, so when Lewis reviewed the Lord of the Rings when it came out, he said a beautiful thing. He said, this is not allegory, but it's, it's great myth written at such a deep level that it is con, this is exactly Lewis's face. It is continuously suggestive of incipient allegories.


So the story is so primal that when you read it, almost the story is wiser than you are. It's wiser than talking. It's you trust the story. So the story keeps telling you certain things. It keeps suggesting ideas to you about how things are now. Now I'm, I'm not a political animal, I have to say. So I don't particularly want to stray onto extraordinary minefield of American or even my own politics. I'm pretty old fashioned sort of, I, I'm happy to live in a constitutional monarchy 'cause I'm a constitutional monarch. But here's a thing that that talking does in these stories, and this does come out in the film. So you get this, he often has, if you like, kind of connected but antithetical pairings of characters.


And what he's doing is he's exploring the way a thing could be done well, and the way the same thing could be abused, the way a person could flourish, or the way a person could be corrupted in themselves. So if you think about it, how do you be the kind advising wizard who actually has more power than the people he's advising, but doesn't want to exploit them? Well, Gandalf as an example of that, but Mann is the counter example, and you kind of know that Gandalf could degrade into Sara man if he's not careful. There are various points where Gandalf could have had the ring and he says, no, no, no, you know, so, but you think about it, the same, the brothers Boer and Farer. In the end, what is kingship? What is good and just rule?


You have, I mean, the two persons who are contending for the kingship of middle earth are Aragon Strider and Soran. One is living in an inde, you know, in a highly defended castle. And the other has taken on the appearance of a wandering vagabond and walked along and his comrades and has shared the sufferings with the people. Those are two different pictures of leadership now. And even, I mean, you can take it further if you think about Frodo and Goum, you know, what is a good hobbit and what, how might a hobbit and even in their ho hobbit attitude as well become corrupted. And yet, you know, there's a little bit of the good side, you know, the the dare the the s sm goal dare goal, you know, thing.


And there's something in, in, I mean, there's a kind of bonding between those two characters. And of course, you know, probably one of the most deep, I think, moral lessons, I mean lessons makes it sound too explicit in that whole book, is when Frodo, who's frightened says, it's a pity Bilbo didn't stab Golan while, while he had a chance. And Gandalf says, pity. It was pity that stayed his hand. The pity of Bill will may come to rule the fault of many. And of course, in the end, Frodo gets his fighter. It's not plot spoiler if anyone hasn't seen it, but Frodo gets as far as as he can and almost against his own will without, you know, for different motivations.


But in the grand plot, you know, Goum sets in and still has a part to play. So there's something extraordinary going on there. Now, talking doesn't stop in the middle of his narrative and wag his finger at you and say, now I'm teaching you this lesson. And if you as a parent did, did that when you're reading, that would be terrible. Just give them the story and let the story tell you. And I'm still, I, I fell in love with this story when my dad started to read it to me. And then, you know, he sent me off to a boarding school in England so he couldn't keep reading. So, and I hated this boarding school, I was very homesick, but I opened the Lord of the Rings and suddenly I was in Laurean or Rivendale or you know, I could be there. And I, so I was about 16 when I went like full fanboy totally into it.


Right now I am 67, so I've had 51 years hearing, talking, tell me this story over and over again. And at 67 I'm still drawing from it. I'm still finding stuff in it. I'm still being now, that's what great art is. You know, there's, I've read a bunch of sword and sorcery books, but there's only so much squash buckling and be beheading monsters. You can take, you know, you need something deeper and there's way more deeper stuff there.


Tax season is now here and the IRS is turning up the heat, but the April 15th at deadline fast approaching now would be the time to act. If you've fallen behind on filing or you owe back taxes, delay will only make things worse every day. You wait, increases your risk and the consequences. With over 5,000 new tax liens filed every day and powerful enforcement tools like property seizures, bank levies, and wage garnishments at its disposal, the IRS is applying pressure to level we have not seen in years. Do not make the mistake of facing the IRS alone Tax network. USA is here to help you take control. Whether your tax issue is $10,000 or 10 million bucks, their team of skilled attorneys and season negotiators has resolved over a billion dollars in tax debt using proven strategies. Your consultation is absolutely free. Do not wait for another letter or a surprise levy. Put a stop to the growing interest, penalties and threats. Take back control of your finances. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/shapiro. Tax season is here. Don't wait for April 15th to make a move. Beat the IS to it. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/shapiro. That's tn usa.com/shapiro. Don't fight the IRS alone, check them out. Tn usa.com/shapiro.


Let's talk for a second about the stuff that didn't make it into the movies. Obviously Tom Bombadil did not, but you, the, the biggest one that people I talk about is the, the end of the return of the king actually gets sliced outta the movie completely. The the movie ends. Yeah, The scouring of the Shire, Right? The scouring of the Shire is not in the movie at all. So for folks who, who have, who have not read the books, what is the scouring of the Shire? Should it have been in the movie? What do you make of the creative decision there? You, you Got a very slight hint of it in the movie in Gala's mirror, when I forget whether in the movie, whether it's either Sam or Frodo looks in and sees all kinds of bad things going on in the Shire and in the book it's, it's Sam who looks in the mirror as well, which doesn't happen in the movie.


And he suddenly sees that bad things are happening at home and they're cutting the bad thing of one of the worst things you can possibly do from the talking worldview is cut down trees unnecessarily. And Sam sees these people unnecessarily fell the trees on the Bywater road and instinctively wants to run home and sort it out. But then he realizes no, his duty is here. And he has a great saying, he says, I'll go home by the long road or not at all. So anyway, just to tell you what happens in the, in the book Saruman and his, his odious traits advisor, greener worm tongue escaped from Orhan where they'd been holed up.


And really just as an act of spite, Sara man goes to the Shire and manages to set himself up as some sort of proto ruler and starts wantingly destroying. You know, he basically kind of quasi industrializes it. He introduces, you know, but he also takes away the sort of freedoms of the hobbits who are obviously all, there's the hobbits obviously live in a sort of fairly agrarian way. It's kinda like three acres and a cow, you know. So he's trying to turn them into workers and he has a set of things called gathering and sharing. And I mean, again, I don't think he's doing direct political algorithm, but I think this may have been talkings feeling about what was going on in communism, and particularly what Stalin was doing with the Kolax, with the peasants.


And again, very presently for modern politics, as you know, you know, Ukraine was originally and could still be, you know, the bread basket of Europe. But there was a point at which whether it was the Germans or the Russians, it doesn't matter which particular ODS set of people, it was, were just basically starving the very people that produced the food. And there's a a bit of that going on. So what happens is, even though they're outnumbered, the four hobbits who you'd think would be entitled to a break after having just saved the entire of middle Earth, have to come back. But in a way, they're more than, they're more than enough, you know, I won't say man enough, they're more than hobbit enough for the job by the time they get back.


And they, they, he, there's a horn blown and various p So the Shire has a kind of uprising against a kind of, if you like, a kind of horrible piece of centralized economic planning by, by, by, by Sara man. And Surman in the end is very justly stabbed by the person whom he has used as a traitor anyway and so on. And he's nicknamed Sharky and the, the, the, it had happens in Bagshot Ray. So then that's nicknamed Sharky's end. So there's a recovery in a restoration. Now scouring is a really interesting word. I mean, I have a private theory about why it's called the Scarring of the Shire.


There's a very great poem by GK Chesterton called The Ballad of the White Horse, which was about how King Alfred fought off the Danes and created the kingdom of Wessex. And effectively what became England, it's really Alfred the Great, and Alfred the great believed that Christians were the best people to look after not only Christian things, but pagan things as well. He actually, so in, in this, there's a final book of the Battle of the White Horse. It's called the Scouring of the White Horse. And it's about cleaning off all the mold and grime that has grown over this beautiful ancient chalk carving on the hill. And so, so there are some political things there, but I I, I think we should be very wary.


I mean, I notice quite a lot of commentators on my, you know, I have a YouTube where I read bits of the Lord of the Rings occasionally at other poems, and I know there's quite a lot of political commentary on that, which I mostly stay out of. But one of the few cases where we know of a direct political statement at some, you know, costume self in from talking comes in the 1930s, it was 38 or something like that when somebody decided it'd be great to have a German translation of the Hobbit, right? So they, whoever the Nazi appic that was dealing with, you know, the licensing of books in that fascist state writes this letter to talking, literally trying to double check that he's fully Aryan because he has a German name and they just want to know and talking.


He writes a private letter to his publisher saying he's absolutely outraged by this. But then he writes, I, I took this out 'cause I thought it might be confusing to you. So he, he writes this letter back to this hapless, Nancy Appic who says, you're asking if I am ish I Ian, he says, I'm not Ian by extraction, I'm not Indo Iranian. My ancestors didn't spoke no Hindustani, Persian or Gypsy. And then he comes to the point. But if I am to understand that you are inquiring whether I am of Jewish origin, I can only say reply that I regret that I appear to have no ancestors of that gifted people. And so, which is kind of like up yours.


And he, he completely refused to have his, his, his book translated into German. He wrote us a letter to his son, Christopher's great he, in which he says he calls Hitler that ruddy little ignoramus. And what he hated about him, this is before was that talking loved the Teutonic legends, he loved the great Germanic people legends, he loved the language, he loved all that Nordic stuff and the stuff that Wagner had written about and so on. And he saw Hitler as taking a, a kind of comic book version of that and perverting it further. And he, he thought Hitler was tainting these beautiful Nordic pagan legends that he wanted to draw on.


And so what he did with them in the Lord of the Rings is a little bit better than what, what Hitler did with them in the right dog. So my, my colleague Matt Walsh had been very critical of the movies mainly along the lines of they're too long. And what I'm taking away from you is that they're definitely not long enough and oh no, Like the first one where you're just going around Hobbit Hobbiton. I love that long. Like I could have watched the whole movie of that. So no, they do get a bit longer as he goes along. I don't think, I don't think the the, the movies are too long. I mean, I could have done with more, Tom Bombadil is a whole other subject and he very important, but on by contrast, I think he totally misunderstood what The Hobbit was.


The Hobbit is a little children's story and it could have been one great movie. So, I dunno if you remember in the movie, this is in the book as well, in the movie of the Lord of the Rings, when, when Gandalf is trying to figure out what effect, if anything the Ring has been having on Bilbo, he asks him how he feels. And Bilbo says in the book and the film, he says, I, I feel a bit thin and stretched out like butter that's been spread over too much bread. Which of course, exactly what the effect of the ring would be. So I saw a great meme one time where, where it's a, it's a scene that there's that scene in the film and Bilbo is saying to Gandalf, I feel sort of thin and stretched out like a simple children's tale that's been spread thinly over three epic movies.


Yes, It's been a pleasure to have you here, especially to rebut my friend Matt Walsh. Yeah, no, no, Matt, then they're not long enough. But then, you know, the, the book, you have a great pleasure in store for you, Ben, if your busy schedule ever allows it, use reading to your children as an excuse to get deep, deep into that book. Well, I, I now know my plan for Friday night, so I really appreciate it, sir. Thank you for the time. Okay, great. Thank you for having me on. It's a pleasure to be with you. Well folks, hope you enjoyed that. We'll also be releasing the full critical drinker interview about Lord of the Rings as well. So if you're looking for more of that kind of content, just let us know.