
I tell this to people, I say, we're America. We're freedom in America. We're not China. China. They tell you who to vote for. They get one party in China, not in America. We get two. Can we at least have two? I I think that this was important because I think we were teetering on making America like California and I, and, and you don't want that. Rob Schneider is a beloved American entertainer, comedian, actor, best known for his work on Saturday Night Live, and dozens of comedies, including 50 First Dates, grownups, and You Don't Mess With Zohan. Schneider is also the author of his latest book, you Can Do It, which shares Lessons Learned from Hollywood and makes the case for pushing the boundaries of free speech with comedy. In today's episode, we discuss his frustrations with the Democratic establishment in Hollywood, why he left California, and the upsides of being canceled.


Schneider also forecasts trends in the comedy industry, offers his diagnosis of the liberal establishment and encourages other entertainers to follow his lead as a Hollywood veteran and advocate of free speech, Rob is on a mission to shape the future of his industry. Don't miss Rob Schneider's wit and wisdom in this latest episode of the Sunday special. Rob Schneider, it's great to see you here on the Sunday special thanks for the time. Thank you for having me. I am, I have my smarty pants, glasses on so that like, appear intelligent and, and don't have the usual meltdown as your university students have when you tear them apart on the debate stage.


Well, I, I appreciate that. Although I don't, and I don't ra know what Rachel Maddow will do without her, her glasses now that you've got them. So, Or without her ratings. I saw the ratings go down about 56%. Hard to believe. You know, people after a while of being called, you know, calling people racist and misogynist. It runs its course for the au for their audience. And I think they're moving on to some other more, more or less hateful program to watch. You know, I, I didn't know that it was possible for one person to go down 56%, like what is 56% of an individual if the ratings declined by 56%. Only, only like their lower half is watching M-S-N-B-C. Now, their ratings were so low to begin with, there wasn't much to do. But, you know, that does speak to a sea change that's happening in public life.


You know, obviously you've been in the comedy world for your entire career. I've never seen a more hilarious time that has less people laughing about it than, than right now. Like everything is absolutely hilarious. But you're really not supposed to laugh at any of it. Well, you have to laugh at it. That's the thing about it. I mean, when you have, it's just so funny that they spent $1.2 billion and they still lost. I mean, that is hilarious. And you're finding out stuff. That's it. It it comedy. If you were writing a script, even in Hollywood, you go, I don't know if that's believable, but supposedly, supposedly Biden, when he stepped down, was, was stepped down when he was forced to step down.


Remember the, in the July 24th, I'm the candidate and I'm not backing away and it says I support Kamala Harris as the next, but supposedly he didn't have this, the support or the backing of the democratic elite to go ahead and, and push that ascend button. But he's not sending that anyway. Somebody on his staff is, but somebody did send out ice completely support Kamala supposedly before the Democratic intelligentsia all got behind her. And that's why supposedly a a another, supposedly that's why Obama waited three days to see if they can kind of undo this.


When they realized they couldn't, they made the fake phone call with Michelle and supported Kamala. And did does any of that ring true to you? Yes. I mean, so I think that they, they tried to blame Biden twice over, so they tried to blame him for not getting out earlier, which is actually true. There's no way he should have run. And then they tried to blame him for not allowing them to have their little mini primary process, which would've been rigged in Kamala Harris's favor anyway, because there was no way they could shove aside the black female intersectional hero in favor of like what the Jew Josh Shapiro in Pennsylvania or in favor of, you know, generalist Ken Doll, Gavin Newsom in California, or JB Pritzker who has to be lowered into the state capitol by Crane. Like who, who exactly was gonna be their candidate.


It was really funny when Pritzker the, you know, the governor of Illinois whatever, come out during Covid and talk about health. It's like, no, talk about what you don't talk about what you don't know health, talk about what you do know, what kind of diabetes and heart pressure medication are you taking? What belt do you have to keep your pants from falling down? What, what, you know, you're right. They were stuck in a, in a, in a, you know, in a really tough, tough position. They could never have passed all over Kamala because a woman, you know, she, with many ethnic, you know, many ethnicities and many accents, God knows seeing her, you know, down south and also, you know, you gotta, you got side democracy and then seeing her in Pittsburgh, let me tell you something, you don't vote, let let me know.


And then seeing him or seeing her at a, at a seven 11, it's Very important that we support democracy. Very, very, very important that we come from a middle class family, Ben. Not like you. I do. So it was, it seemed like she wasn't the best, the best prepared person for this very important job of running for president. Well, I mean the, there, that's one side of the hilarious coin. The other side of the hilarious coin is just the fact that Donald Trump is a world historical figure. And that is in and of itself innately hilarious. Like if you had made a joke about that in 2002, and many people made jokes about this sort of thing in 2002, it would've just been a joke. And then it turns out that actually he's a world historically important figure Donald Trump with all the foibles, with all the craziness, with all of the hilarity that is attended upon him.


But you're not supposed to even laugh at him. According to the left, you're not allowed to laugh at Kamala Harris 'cause she's a magical person and you're not allowed to laugh at Donald Trump because he's Hitler. And you can't laugh at Hitler. You can't really make jokes about him. The only thing you can make jokes about is that maybe he's Hitler, but you can't just make jokes about the fact that Donald Trump is innately like for, he himself is a very funny person. Like he, he is a standup comedian working a room When he says, I'm gonna be, you know, dictator. But just on day one, he's joking. And then for them to run with it like he promised, he's gonna be dictator. I mean, when Robert Kennedy said a couple of days ago, if he follows through on what he says he's gonna do with, with free speech and, and with, and hopefully getting rid of the, the, you know, the Department of Education, he stands to be the most consequential president since Lincoln.


I mean, isn't that an odd thing to that? Not only to say, not only to hear but to realize that, that there's truth in it. Isn't it out? Isn't that It's unbelievable. It's wild. It's wild. Because again, I think that because he shatters the image that so many people have of what the president is or quote unquote should be. Yeah. They, they miss the fact that underneath all of the showmanship is a very serious person who has very serious policies and who is bringing in an excellent team at this point. And so it's, this is what I, I start off by saying with you is just like, all of this should be really, really funny, right? I mean, the fact that Donald Trump was at a McDonald's and that he has the, the sort of, you know, he has this sort of self-knowledge to understand, okay, I'm not gonna like put on jeans and a t-shirt and work a t I'm gonna wear like a $2,000 suit and I'm gonna wear my tie and then I'm gonna just put on like an apron and serve people fries out the window and make some of the funniest images in the history of presidential politics.


I mean, how many memes did you see of him waving out the window and it was like Donald Trump to illegal immigrants in 2026? Right? Like that, like that that stuff is innately funny. But if you make jokes about it on the left, then they get angry at you. Yeah. 'cause you're not supposed to laugh at the fact that Donald Trump's a funny person or that this whole thing is really funny. You're supposed to be perturbed, you're supposed to be upset, you're supposed to be deeply angry. Who wants to live like that? Well, the the beautiful thing was how fast and how confident he was in his moves. I mean, really the, the, the, the race was over several weeks before. And, and when Biden said, the only garbage is his supporters, and then trying to put an apostrophe to say no, we're the, it wasn't his supporter's garbage, the garbage of his supporters too late.


And for, and then when Trump showed up in a garbage truck, I knew that at that point he's got you, he's got you. He's so deep in their psyche, so deep. And then, then, you know, the, you know, the, because what it is that you're right, the policies, they wouldn't even say the policies here. You had somebody, Kamala Harris saying that she is the, the, you know, the justice and the, the, you know, the attorney general of California and she, she's gonna be the one who prosecutes, you know, these cross national terrorists and I mean, or these gangs. And she wouldn't even come out against Proposition 36, which is a very mild thing about shoplifting, which, you know, if you look at the bill, which I didn't until last night, was it doesn't even say that you have to prosecute them and says that you, that at least has to go to the, you know, to the district attorney.


And the district attorney will have to decide. But that that's something. And she couldn't even come out against that. So she really had no policies. So, but the policies of the Democratic Party for the last four years was, was too hard for the Americans to stomach. Now the policies of, of Trump are good and sound, but the form for a lot of Americans was hard to stomach in the form of Donald Trump and how he manages to, to goad the Democratic party and, and, and people in the middle. And I, and I think people just gotta get over it. And I tell people, I don't think there's such thing as conservatives anymore. I I can to get people. I said, there's no such thing as conservatives. There's just traditional liberals that aren't crazy.


And I said, and, and that seems to, to get through to people. And, and, and I think that it's people are, are coming back over to saying, look, this is somebody we want to fix the problem. Just like you have a plumbing problem and there's everywhere, well then, you know, you need to get somebody, he don't have him staying for dinner. And I said, you know, Donald Trump's not gonna come to your bar mitzvah, your son's bar mitzvah. He's, he's certainly not gonna come for Thanksgiving. You don't have to invite him, but he's gonna clean up, he's gonna do that. And you want him to do that. That's a hundred percent right. And I, I mean that's exactly what I said. I was, I did a debate with Sam Harris and that's exactly the analogy I used. I said like, when I elect a politician, I'm not electing a moral exemplar. I have plenty of people in my life who I look to when I'm at, when I'm looking for, you know, moral ways to live.


If I'm looking for a piece of life advice, I'm not gonna go to President Trump. When, when I, when I, when I want somebody to threaten Iran to back down, then I go to President Trump. When I want somebody who's gonna make sure that the gas prices aren't too high by drilling more, I go to President Trump. When you, as you say, when you call a, this whole bizarre notion that we're supposed to look at the president of the United States as though he's a great, a angelic leader who descends from on high with a halo around his head. We tried that with Barack Obama and it was terrible because he tried to embody all those qualities and it turns out that he was just as venal and corrupt and terrible as anybody in the history of American politics. But you couldn't criticize him because he had the angel wings on. And so Donald Trump just took all that stuff off. He's like, listen, there ain't gonna be no halo, ain't gonna be no angel wings.


I'm, here's my, here's my tool set. There's the toilet. Let, let me add it. And I think that, that that's actually like a pretty good way of doing government. I think so too. And it also, it's a, it's a way to communicate with people who seem to have a real problem with, with with the character over substance and with person over policy. And I think Americans are gonna have to get over that. And I think they were forced to get over it this time. I mean, I, I tell this to people. I say we had people who, who snuck in, you know, over the border a couple of months ago. They didn't want more people coming in, you know, like, Hey, I don't want somebody to try to take the job I just took, I just took it an hour ago. I need it. Come on man, gimme at least a couple of weeks. So they lost the, they lost the illegal Mexican vote, you know, the Democrats. So I mean, you imagine how how fast they would've shut down the, the Haitians from flying into Ohio if they knew they were gonna vote for Republicans and they would've said no more.


You know? So, and it it, it just became, it did become a great comedy. It just became a comedy that was too close for most Americans to laugh at. The fact that they were discussing eating cats in Ohio and the fact that, that somehow Democrats were so offended by the, the idea that these immigrants were being accused of eating pets. Well, I was there in 1979 in San Francisco when the Vietnamese people came over and they saw they were eating the ducks in Golden Gate Park because nobody told them. And that's what they eat. And they said they go fishing, they also get ducks if they see a duck that's a potential food. And so it just, it's, it had to be an education process.


They weren't doing it to like, out of, out of spite they're doing this out of lunch, out of a necessity to have lunch. They've got the sauce. They they've got the rice patty, they're ready to go. They've got the, the thin noodles. And so I I I found it to be hilarious that people got so upset that they were accusing these Haitians whose part of their practice and their religion is animal sacrifice, that they would be accused of this horrible thing Also. I mean like, listen, Donald Trump, like his inflection is hilarious. Okay? My, my kids walk around the house going, they're eating the dogs, they're eating the cats. I had my 4-year-old yesterday, she has a shirt that says on it, they're eating the dogs. Like, it's just like, it's, it's innate. The funniest thing, like this whole race, like from from just a comedic perspective, this race is hysterical.


I said this right after the first Trump Biden debate. I was talking to actually a foreign leader. And the foreign leader was kind of freaking out. I said, you need to understand something about America. Here's how amazing America is in our institutions. We'll run two 80-year-old men against one another. One of them will be totally seen aisle, whichever one of those two men golfs better. We'll make presidents of the United States. He'll be introduced at the RNZ by Hulk Hogan, who will tear open his shirt to reveal that he's supporting Donald Trump. And then that presidential candidate will get up on stage and ramble for 93 straight minutes. And you will love it because this is America. You know what? You're just gonna have to eat it. 'cause this is America. Like everyone takes these elections as a sign that American weakness, oh America and disrepair like, you know how powerful we are, you know, how amazing our institutions are.


That that's what we could just do for like an entire election cycle. And then at the end of it, we're still the most powerful country on earth. We've got the most powerful military and don't screw with us. But I will tell you though, as I agree with you, we've become a worldwide wrestling, you know, enterprise of entertainment at the same time, we really were Ben and you would agree with this, I would hope teetering on the abyss with this, these, you know, elites. And it's, it's a strange aristocracy that seems to be taken over American society, which instead of, you know, a Lord or Duke, it was PhD and elite and expert and these people who were telling us basically who, who we have to vote for, who we need to vote for. And, and we really were, you know, once, once you dig underneath and see some of the bad things that the, the Biden Harris regime was doing was, I mean, censorship and silencing Americans in their First Amendment rights.


I mean, that was pretty, I mean, I don't think that that's, that's something to be taken lightly. I think they really were in danger of moving us towards a a to a, a truthfully a a one party system like they have in California. And I tell this to people. I say, we're America, we're freedom in America. We're not China, China, they tell you who to vote for. They get one party in China, not in America. We get two. Can we at least have two? And what the Democrats were really trying to do for the last four years, I mean actually for the last I think 20 years, was to have a forever Democrat party. And they said, you can have free elections, you can elect whoever, whichever Democrat you want, this one or this one. And we'll have the, and the Republicans, of course, the cowardly Congress, you know, they, they're happy because 93%, they, they get the elected, they get reelected.


And so they, they would like to lose gracefully and honorably and shake their finger at the Denver, but never have to actually do anything. And so I, I think that this was important because I think we were teetering on making America like California. Right. And I, and and you don't want, I Totally agree. I think we're both California expatriates, right? I spent my own entire life in California until the last four years. We moved in the middle of Covid and Black Lives Matter riots and wildfires and, and the rest of the biblical plagues. We moved from there to the great free state of Florida. You're in Arizona as I understand it, which is a, a state that is increasingly turning red. Donald Trump has turned it back from it. It was red, it went kind of purplely blue, and now it's turning back red again. And some of that is Donald Trump. And some of that is when you let in 10 million illegal immigrants across borders, including Arizona's border, that has some pretty dire effects on the state of Arizona.


You know, what, what was it that caused you to leave California? Well, I, I mean, I knew that there was a, a pincher move happening. And, and I, as soon as Obama in 2013 propagandized or allowed the, the governmental agencies to, to have propaganda in America against Americans in 2013, that was the beginning of, I felt tyranny coming from the left. And I, I and I, I always just assumed because of your, I'm kind of brainwashed like everybody else in California, you just assume it's the, the left's always good and that the right is the problem. And that if, if problems do come, if, you know, if there's a fascism coming, whatever that is, as depending on what the definition of the day is, then it's gonna come from the right.


I didn't, because what happened was, if you grew up in the late seventies, and, and if it was, if the consequential power of the Democrats, it would, it was a mess under Jimmy Carter. It just was. And the thing is, it, there seemed to be an appeal that the Democrats had for the fellow man to help the average worker. But what the truth is, they will say they'll, they'll be behind the average worker when they have no power. But when they do have power, they don't do anything. Obama didn't do anything for the people. And that's was such a real turnoff for a lot of people and people who thought there could be good, you know, good could come out of that administration. But it clearly didn't as far as, you know, taking the American public and the goodwill that was given.


And instead of saying, you know, maybe we're less racist now because we elected a black president two times to exacerbate it into, to further, you know, throw gasoline on the flames and say, you know, this has never been, just as Douglas Murray says, just when race has never been better in America, they accused it as never being worse. So I think that was the time. And then by the time Covid came in, I knew they were gonna close society down and I knew that this was not the place to be. I got young kids as well and I wanted to get them the hell out. And I, I said, you know, 'cause California's a dangerous place for, if you've got little kids, you know, public school, you know, in the morning you take, you know, take in the morning, you take your school and drop off a little girl in the afternoon, you pick up a little boy.


You know. So that's the problem. Yep. I mean, we were in California just a couple of weeks ago and right there on the street, we, we were, we'd had dinner and with a couple of friends who are still unfortunately trapped in California. And we had dinner. I have 24 7 security. Unfortunately, I have to have that. So I, I went down the street one way with my wife. My friends went down the street the other way. They go about three cars down, they're getting into their Tesla. Another car pulls up right in front of them, three guys jump out, grab my friend, pull him out of his car, steal his phone, steal his wallet, steal his keys, run around to his wife, start taping her jewelry off of her. And, and then she screamed and they realized their time had run and they, they, they ran away. I mean, it's just like open air robberies in California now. I mean the, the quality of life has declined so markedly from I thought You were gonna say, and that was in a, I thought you were gonna say, and that was in a gated community.


Exactly. It was on third Street. What was, it was on Third Street and La Cienega. Right? I mean, we're not talking about like the worst areas of LA here. We're not talking about like you're in the, the heart of East LA or in South Central, which has now been retitled South la So that means it's okay now, it's not like you're, you're in Crenshaw or something like high crime areas of the city. You're talking about like a fairly recent area of, of, of LA and, and it's just been, it's been totally trashed. It's amazing what they've done to the state of, of California and that, that caused me to go on the air the next day and say, listen, you know, you think out there, you in political land, you think that Donald Trump, he says offensive things and he says mean things and you don't like his tweets. They say the, the normal American, you know what we care about? We care about not getting robbed on the street. We care about our gas prices going down. We care about, you know, inflation not eating up our entire checkbook.


We care about mortgages going like the, the we care about no wars on like basic, practical things are the things we care about. And the worst you make it and then insist that actually we're stupid for, for not understanding what you're doing, then the more we wanna vote for the, the other guy and, and the crazier he is, kind of the more we wanna vote from a little bit. I know when I hear, when I heard Bruce Springsteen at a diner and trying to be like an average guy, looking like an average guy, you know, that knowing that he had sold his catalog for $800 million like 36 months ago. You're not an average guy. You are protected, you know, Oprah, you live in a, you, you know, not not only a gated community. You live in the inside of the gated, gated community. You know, like in the old days of Jack Nicholson, there'd be at a party and then there's VIP section, then there's V-I-P-V-I-P, and then there's one room.


The one guy in it is Jack Nicholson. Well, this is the same thing with Oprah. Oprah has her own spot. And then like, like, 'cause I lived up in Calabasas and we were in a gated community, but then there was another part that was like Kim Kardashian, she was in there. That's another you couldn't get in there, you know, for, you couldn't take your kids wouldn't allowed to do, you know, trick or treating in Halloween over there at Kim Kardashians. But the, you know, so I I I think that there was just, I hope that, that the people who were trying to shame the celebrities, trying to shame people and scare people and say, it's the end of democracy, you may never get to vote again. It was just so stupid. And I, and it doesn't, they, they don't know what it's like. I mean like when Jimmy Kimmel's crying about like, you deit you Trump support, you guys voted, you made a mistake too, which is pathetic.


What, what a what a wuss he's turned into. But the fact of the matter is we get two choices and we're gonna choose somebody to, and and I said this, I said, if avocados go up to, you know, if the food prices go up 26%, it's not gonna bother Jimmy Kimmel and his family or Op Oprah's family, but the average person driving their kid to, to school and then having to drive to work and then get groceries and having to think, I dunno if I can do both this week. And that's a real issue. 'cause, and I said this, if if avocado prices go up to $5,000 in avocado, you know, I mean Oprah and Jamie Kim are just gonna have $5,000 guacamole. Yep, that's exactly right. Get some more on that in a moment.


First, let's talk about something that affects all of us responsible, hardworking Americans, taxes, the October 15th deadline has passed. Are you prepared for what's coming? Do you have back taxes? Are your taxes returns still unfiled? Miss the deadline to file for an extension. Now that October 15th is behind us, the IRS may be ramping up enforcement, and lemme tell you, they do not play around. You could face wage garnishments, frozen bank accounts, even property seizures if you haven't taken action yet. But here is the excellent news. There is still Hope Tax Network. USA has been in the game for years. They know exactly how to navigate the complex world of tax law. They've helped taxpayers save over a billion dollars in tax debt. They filed over 10,000 tax returns. That's a billion with a B folks. They specialize in helping hardworking Americans like you reduce their tax burdens. So don't let the IRS catch you off guard, get ahead of this right now with Tax Network. USA, their team of professionals will work tirelessly to protect your assets and find the best solution for your unique situation. So here's what you need to do for a complimentary consultation. Call today, one eight hundred nine five eight 1000 or visit their website at tn usa.com/shapiro. That's 1 809 5 8 1000. Or visit tn usa.com/shapiro today. Don't let the IRS take advantage of you. Get the help you need with Tax Network USA.


I wanna ask you about sort of the impact that you think Hollywood has had on all of this, because one of the things that I think about the Trump phenomenon is that there's a lot of talk about the economic outreach that Trump has done to blue collar communities and, and kind of working people. But you know, when, when I go and I speak in these communities, and I spent a lot of time on the road this election cycle going and talking everywhere from the southern border campaigning with, with Senator Cruz to now Senator Senator Moreno up in Ohio and all the way up to the, the tip top of Ohio. You know, and, and the thing that that you see when, when you do this is that it's, it's really not about government subsidies. It really isn't about, you know, a hatred of trade per se. What it really is is they're sick of being told that their church is bad. They're sick of being told that their culture is bad. And so to me it seems like a lot of this is rebellion against the moral values that they see mostly coming from Hollywood.


A Hollywood that insists that the, the morality of, you know, moonlight is the morality that we all must, that we all must, you know, love like the, the the, the thing that that we really need is a, is a shape of water lecture about how capitalism is bad and about how about how traditional church going is bad. And, and I I think people just rebelled against that. They said, okay, I'll let you schmucks are going to p diddy's white parties and then telling us that, that we're bad for, for having gone to church this Sunday. Like, here's a giant middle finger. It's really, it's a giant orange middle finger just for you. And I feel like it's been the, the, the, the the thing since about 20 15, 20 16, Well, you have a group of people and it, it isn't any coincidence that every, every place that the Democrats and Kamala Harris won had no voter id.


I mean there, there's, there's no coincidence that that happened. You have people that are getting tired of being told that they're racist when they're not racist. You're getting tired of telling people that they, that they are, are, are in a, whether they know it or not, they're in a system of white supremacy and just, you know, it just doesn't fly anymore. You can't make people, you can't tell 'em they're racist when they know they're not. And then you can't make them feel bad about that or, or make them feel like, and then force things upon them. And, and this is something that we're still, I'm still kind of getting my hands on, is this, this kind of lecturing, you know, Oprah crapping on the, on the average worker and the average family who was struggling because they're not voting the way she wants.


This is the same system that allowed her to become a billionaire. And unlike other countries, like in England, they don't root for people to become billionaires. Here we do, if you become a, a billionaire, you know, we're gonna applaud you. You go girl. Because we know that this is a system that allows that potentiality and so for you to crap on it and to crap on people who are just trying to get by and just going month to month paycheck to paycheck. And that's getting harder and harder. And you seem to think that there's other things more important than that. And by exaggerating a situation, which isn't true, that that that Donald Trump is gonna turn this into a dictatorship and a and a fascist state. I I think you the belittling was, was just vomitous at a certain point.


I think that if you look at where the Democrats have come and what they've tried to do, and you just have to look at California as, as the, what they would like for the rest of the country. There's not one aspect of our life that they don't wanna interfere with. Not one that in schools they passed, you know, Gavin Newsom, who I, I just don't understand how people think that they, that I, that the state of California thinks I'm gonna co-parent with the state of California. It's like, no, you're out. You don't have nothing to do with it. The fact that the teachers that they passed the law legislation that the school and the teachers could keep information away from the parents, that to me was, is borderline criminal.


I mean, so, and then, you know, they also had legislation didn't pass, but it was brought up in committee in California to stop your car from that to, to not have cars allowed in California to go more than 80 miles an hour. And I don't know, like, hey listen, I don't wanna drive 80 miles an hour in a school zone, but if I'm trying to get to San Francisco from Los Angeles and it's three o'clock in the morning, I'm gonna go a hundred. And if I get a ticket, I'm sorry, but that's just it then, then that's my choice. Maybe it's a bad choice, but it's up to me and the government, they just keep growing. They also want to change your stoves and tell you what kind of stove tell you what kind of car to drive. At what point is it lay off of me. We don't want a, we don't want government to be that big. And I think that they, they finally voters said enough with this, enough with the economy, me names enough with boys in, you know, failed, narcissistic male athletes in girls sports, taking refuge in girls sports, enough of that.


So I think Americans rejected this soundly. And I think what you're gonna have, if you take a look at history, and I think you, you might agree with this, and I definitely think you would hope for this, the last time we had three one term presidents, if you go, you know, Ford, well, Nixon, Ford Carter, and then the last time we had that, now we have, you know, Trump, you know Biden and then another Trump. And he's, that's why I think it's wonderful that he's not gonna seek reelection or because he's gonna now have better people around him and put in policies where for his legacy, I think you might get lucky here and we can have a Trump Vance Vance and then you'd have a Democratic party that'll be able to come back to lose their extremists and realize if they want to be a a party that's going to get elected at the highest level, they're gonna have to come back from this crazy lunacy and, and, and do like what the, you know what the Clinton administration, which was, we are pro death penalty.


We're super, so may, it depends on what the definition of the word is, is we on, we were in the middle of the road, you gotta vote for us. And I, I'm hopeful that that's what's gonna happen and that's what we need to happen. Stabilize America, keep out the crazies and the Democrats come back to a place of normalcy. So, you know, I I wanted to ask you about, you know, how things have gone for you in Hollywood since you've become more overtly political. So back in 2014, I wrote a book called Primetime Propaganda where I actually went and I spoke with the creators of pretty much every major television show over the last 50 years. And some of it was pretty shocking because when I went and did these interviews, I, I asked them if I, I wanted to write a book about the legacy of tv. They didn't know who I was at the time, I was not nearly as as well known as I am now.


I wore my Harvard Law baseball cap and my last name was Shapiro. So they immediately assumed that I was basically a communist, which in 90% of cases is actually true. And, and so I would, I would I I'll tell you, they took you to lightly Yeah. And that's why you decimated them because they, they didn't think that that, well, first of all, they're lazy in Hollywood. They're all lazy and they just intellectually lazy 'cause nobody challenges them. 'cause that's the, one of the reasons why Kamala lost is that Kamala had never ran for federal office. She just always was in California. She was in that bubble. So she was never challenged. That's why they were so desperate to keep her from being challenged by anybody because she didn't have the goods. So when you went there to California, you had the goods, you were prepared and you tore them apart and they just, they're intellectually lazy in California.


So the, and as you saw, The thing is that they, they Weren't able To back in that particular case, they didn't even, so I I, I recorded all of these interviews and many of them in the interviews would openly say things like, I won't hire a conservative. If I find out that somebody is conservative in Hollywood, I'll fire them. I remember this created like a major scandal actually at the Directors Guild because one of the directors said this and, and our friend Lionel Chet Wind, he, he came out really firing over it. And it was like a, it was a big deal at the time. You know, there there's always been this sort of, you know, major issue inside of Hollywood. Can conservatives work? Can conservatives not work? Obviously I know people on both sides of that particular argument, but you know, they, it, it certainly makes it harder, let's put it that way. I mean, people who have worked consistently, you've worked consistently. Patty Heaton's worked consistently. But you know, when I've, I've talked to Patty about this.


I mean, Patty said at one point, and she was working on a major network show at the time. She said, listen, I don't feel like I'm getting a lot of, you know, pushback on my politics. And then after I talked to her, she called back maybe a few days later and she said, I, I called around and I found out that over the years I've lost five specific jobs, thanks to my politics. So what, what do you make of the sort of anti-conservative discrimination? Yeah, I don't Get hired Ben, I'm out, I'm gonna get hired in Hollywood. But there's some things more important than getting hired in Hollywood. And that is, I felt that we were close to having our, our rights taken away. And I was close. I mean, when you have a a when you have not just the, the presidential candidate who maybe she doesn't know, but you know, I, I find it difficult for her to believe that she wouldn't know what our first amendment that is a guaranteed, right?


And then, you know, Tim Wall's paper, who's ended up being such a gift to the Republican party that she chose him and not Shapiro, that, that they would say that, that they would equate freedom of speech like a driver's license and they just called it a privilege. And that those privilege, a privilege can be revoked if you drink and drive, you can have your driver's license rightly taken away. However, if you drink and talk, you cannot have your speech taken away. 'cause that is a guaranteed First Amendment, right? So it was, that was part of the encroachment that was happening. And I think that was down the line. And, and I think when they were able to really work with, work with tech companies, including Google, we don't even know what they're doing with Google and CIA's back door and how that is working.


But when you actually saw the Twitter files, and thank God for the Elon Musk, but you know, that, that, that the Biden Harris administration was working through these companies, I mean literally within 48 hours to silence Americans. And they weren't, they weren't gonna stop that. They would have, I believe, completely gone after Elon Musk and destroyed Twitter, destroyed his business because that's what they do. It's just government will keep growing until you beat it down with a stick. And I think this was the beating that they needed. I mean there's a very famous actor, I won't say his name, but he was a lead on Apple tv, on a big TV series, just this, just this year. You could, people can figure out who it is that they want to, he was told that he was not allowed to say anything on social media or they weren't gonna hire him.


He was told that now that has to stop. That is illegal and that is a lawsuit. That is a billion dollar lawsuit that should happen. But at the same time, you wanna get work, you know, every actor's out there trying to get work. But here's what's happening. You're having a shrinking of the traditional studio system right now because they, they've screwed it up. They screwed up Hollywood, not only was there in the pandemic, but then the stupid idiots at the Screen Actors Guild Union. And I was one of those idiots on the union. But that going for a strike after the pandemic just to destroy the average person on the crew and the average actor, it was beyond stupid. And then Disney making this woke crap to the point where my wife and I, we got little kids, you know, both were under 10 a couple years ago now.


We had to watch the Disney shows before we let the kids watch it, just in case this woke crap that there isn't some character that that is, you know, indoctrinating our kids. So they have lost, they lost $2 billion two years ago at the stream and they had to fire a chap, which was a good firing and then bring back Bob Iger. So at a certain point, are you gonna do business or are you gonna just continue to lose business? And so you see, you, you see the people who were able to look at the same stuff that you and I were. If you, if you any have in whatever inside information, it didn't have to be too inside, but you saw that the Democrats were gonna get spanked this time. Jeff Bezos saw it. Mark Zuckerberg wanted to get out ahead of it as soon as he could and apologize for, for allowing his his site to be censored by the government and Jeff Bezos not supporting Kamala Harris and giving her endorsement.


That's a big, I mean, so there is some correction happening. And at this point the podcast is something and, and independent people like you, the Daily Wire, the reason why you guys were able to become a big business, successful business because you were, you weren't trying to tell people how to think. You were just providing another viewpoint that was rational, that was logical and that was more aligned with their families. That's gonna continue to grow. And if they wanna be in business, they're gonna have to come over to our side of the fence. There's more on this in a moment.


First, let me ask you a question. Do you trust your internet service provider? Well, you probably shouldn't because depending on where you live, ISPs may be required to keep logs of your online activity just in case the government would love to take a peek in the us it's even worse. ISPs can legally sell your browsing history to whomever they want. So what can you do about it? Well, the obvious solution is to get a VPN. The one I use is Express VPN. It's an app that rero my online traffic through encrypted servers. So my ISP can't get their hands on it. Neither can data brokers or any other third parties for this to work. Of course, you actually have to trust your VPN. After all, you're just transferring trust from your ISP to your VPN provider. So why do I trust Express VPN? Well any reliable VPN gets a certain number of data requests from law enforcement and other government entities. Express VPN receives over 300 of those requests in the past year alone. Zero of them resulted in any of their customer's data being exposed. Zero. Go read their transparency report on their website. It's fascinating. To be clear, it's not that they don't comply with law enforcement requests. They comply as much as they possibly can, but you can't hand over what you don't actually have and Express VPN simply doesn't have any of their customer's activity logs. Thanks to especially engineered server architecture that runs on volatile memory. Nothing is ever saved to disk. It's private by Design Express. VPN works on all your devices. It's easy to use. You tap on button, you're connected right now, you can take advantage of Express VPNs Black Friday Cyber Monday offer and get the absolute best VPN deal you will find all year long. Use my special link express vpn.com/ben to get four extra months with a 12 month plan or six extra months with a 24 month plan totally free. That's expressive vpn.com/ben to get an extra four or even six months of Express V VPN for free.


Do you think it's gonna be easier for people who may be middle of the road or leaning conservative to actually start coming outta the woodwork in Hollywood? I mean, you and I know a bunch of people. I mean I know a lot of people in Hollywood who definitely voted for Donald Trump. Definitely would not say openly that they voted for Donald Trump for exactly the reasons you say that they'll, they'll lose. Workies are working actors who, and many of them very, very famous and and are still terrified that if they ever betray their politics to to the, to the people around them, that that somehow this will have massive career ramifications. Do you think that's gonna get easier or do you think that the system just continues to break because the people at the top can't let go? I think it's gonna take another generation. It is just like when Moses took the took, took the tribe out to the deserts that we're gonna have to have, you're gonna just have to get that slave mentality out of you.


I think it's the same thing with the, with the, with the liberals and the Democrats. They're gonna have to get that constrictive. I mean it's, it's really what it is. It's vindictiveness. The left is absolutely crazy vindictive. It is an ugliness and we've all experienced it and we've seen it. They, they would just, they'll start yelling at you. And it is, as you know, more than probably any American, the worst form of debate is just somebody shouting you down. They're not trying to beat you with ideas. They're not trying to dissuade you with, with something that could improve your foundational thinking. They are not critical thinkers. They just are simply yellers. And we as a society cannot go down the road any further with trying to, you know, stop our liberties and our free speech to calm down the irrational.


And that's what the, that's what they become. Will it get easier? Yes. I mean, but it's gonna take people like I'm starting a, a media company and I can't believe how many people are, are joining in and are making this a real media company. 'cause I wanna be at centrist. If you're a liberal, if you are a you know conservative, you are welcome. And we are not going to do anything by the party line. We're gonna do stuff that's rational. That's, that's talent based, but it's also American based. And you know, that was such a pleasure to, to do your, your first series of your show, of your first animated show. 'cause it was about America and it wasn't, you weren't indoctrinating people, but the fact that you're saying good things about America to liberals and to the Democratic party, it was if you were saying something heretical to say something great about the country and our accomplishments.


So the attack on Western civilization, which I think is a bigger issue, which is the Democrats make that gigantic mistake of wanting this one world government, this elite, this elitist system where they have control, but they make the mistake of thinking it's gonna be the American Democratic party that's gonna be in control of this one world order and it's gonna be China. And that is a gigantic error on their part. And thankfully I think this was a gigantic, I, you know, it was a big fence to stop the further erosion of the American way of life and, and having Marxism to come in disguised as this woke set of nice manners when it's just communism dressed up as social justice.


Yeah. So obviously you've been doing comedy for decades at this point. Has there ever been such a fraught time in comedy? I mean, you see people like Dave Chappelle getting shouted down or you see, you know, Tony Hinchcliffe being made the centerpiece of the entire presidential campaign for the last week because he makes a bunch of Tony Hinchcliffe jokes at the, at at at Madison Square Garden. And listen, you can, you can make the case, I've made the case myself that, you know, maybe in the closing days of a campaign, you don't wanna trot out an insult comedian to, to go after particular ethnic groups. You know, like at the very last moment of the campaign. It might not be like your chief, if you're like chief political consultant for the Trump campaign, you're not like, okay, you know, we gotta make a closing argument. Who can, let's look around Tony Hinchcliffe, come on down like that. It's a, it's a weird move, but Let's bring the guy that craps on everybody.


Right, exactly. But, but the sort of outsized outrage where it's like, oh my god, Tony Hinch, who does like insult comedy, that's, that's what he does. I mean, he roasts people that we're going that oh my god, he roasted more people. And I, I'm just, I'm bewildered by the sort of argument that this is in and of itself a a great horror. Well, Tony made a mistake though in thinking that people knew about the past history and the, the garbage containers in Puerto Rico and it's like, you know, so sometimes you could be too insular and, but, but Robert Kennedy called me and said, I don't know why we, we should have had you come out last night. You know, there's 300,000 Puerto Rican votes out there. But I don't think Tony, I mean, You don't want a comedian, you don't wanna do an own goal. And that's what like Mark Cuban who's like, he, this is not, these are not people who need to be going out.


You need to have people who've been two, three presidential, you know, Carville never makes a mistake on, on a grand level. I mean, yes, he, he's not on a show that you know that of, of, of other entrepreneurs that's very popular. But Mark Cuban is, is not qualified as, as, as someone, he's not disciplined enough to not make an own goal. And that was, that was another one of the final own goals there was saying that Trump doesn't surround himself with intelligent women. I mean, that just goes right down the garbage and deplorable route. So you, you, you know, I I I think that, I think people saw it for really, for what it was. Now as far as comedy, I think it will correct, but I think it'll be a while.


I mean, historically you'd have to really go back to where comedy was silenced, probably dur after the Kennedy assassination, you had one of the most prominent comedians, Mort Saul and I talk about this in my book, you Can Do It, which is out now we talk about comedy and, and Mort Saul was, after the Warren Commission came out, he questioned the, rightly so the Warren Commission's findings. And because of that, that's, that's where the, you know, it wasn't where the term conspiracy theorists originated, but it was the first time that the CIA used it to, as a roadmap to get to silence people who are going against the, the then government narrative about the Warren Report and people questioning the Kennedy assassination.


So that was a time where, where, where comedy got silenced. Where do I think it's going now? I think I remember Steve Martin talking years ago, like literally 40 years ago, about what happened after Watergate and after Vietnam. People just wanted to get silly and forget about everything. And I think after this time, after the pandemic, which was really, I mean we don't, we're not gonna really know the ramifications what happened to the students who were locked down and you know, for the African American reading skills that took decades to get up to where they were on par with, with everyone else. And for that to collapse was, was very sad for educators.


My mom was a school teacher for 30 years, a public school teacher. It's, we don't know what's gonna happen with it. But I do think that now there is a chance that we'll be able to have some normalcy in comedy and people are gonna have to attack the power. I mean, we're gonna have to see what the Republican's gonna do. And then, I dunno if I have an act anymore because my whole act, the last couple of years was just making fun of the wonderful material that was provided by Joe Biden, Kamala Harris, and the rest of the Democrats. So Let, let's get to, you know, some of the stuff that you talk about in your book, you can do it or I, I can't do an impression of you. You can do it. I can Do it, man. Your book is, you can do it Speak Your Mind America, which just came out recently, you know, so you sort of give over how, how you got into this industry in the first place.


So how, how did, how does one go about becoming one of the most famous comedic actors of his generation? Well, thank you. I just think that there's, you know, I was very lucky 'cause I was in San Francisco and they had, we had a guy there, Robin Williams, who was so talented and I mean such a, he was literally like this bright shining, you couldn't deny that talent, you know, 'cause we, there were some other good comedians up there that go, okay, we're good boy, that guy is. And so they plucked him Hollywood and then they plucked the next guy who was another brilliant guy. They made probably the best comedian ever come outta San Francisco was, it was Dana Carvey. And then he got plucked out and got the Saturday Night Live and then I guess I was, I was up there too.


Well maybe this guy and, but San Francisco was, and that's what was very interesting about a liberal city at that time, a liberal city, which wasn't in power. 'cause we were at that point sad because Los Angeles got all the, you know, the businesses moved. I remember there was Planters Peanuts moved from San Francisco to Los Angeles and the whole town was like, no, we're losing business. They already have the weather, they have the supermodels, they got all the TV shows. We have nothing up here. We have the last place 49 ERs, the last place San Francisco Giants. So it was literally like a depression up there. So at the time though that, that, that kind of downtrodden liberalism created a, a, a very welcoming thing for, for comedians who were trying to do something different as I was back in the early eighties, late seventies.


And then we, we kind of came into something interesting, whereas, you know, there was an explosion of comedy. Not that it was all great. I mean, Jerry Seinfeld talks about, like, Jerry Seinfeld says in 1975, there were 40 comedians and eight of them were good. In 1985, there were 4,000 comedians and eight of them were good. So, I mean, I, I think that Jay Leno took me aside and said, you know, all you need, how much time you got kid? I was driving him in my car to gigs when he would come into town. How much time you got kid? And I said, I got about, you know, eight minutes. Good. You know, you got eight minutes that thought, you know, everybody did. I got two hours of comedy material. You know, who wants to hear two hours of comedy material?


Either have five minutes to kill every time everywhere you go, or you have nothing. So I spent the next eight months working on those five minutes. And then eight months after that, I was on David Letterman and I got an HBO. So, I mean, David Spade, Chris Rock, Adam Sander, well maybe Chris Rock had more material, but we basically had 20 really good minutes and that was enough. That's all you need. Who wants to hear more than that? That's all you needed in la. And then you get on Saturday Night Live and it's like a rocket. You don't even know what happened. You have like, one day you're completely unknown. The next day you're, you know, buying milk in, in the grocery store and people are doing your bits ba, the ster panorama, ba buying milk. And then, so it's like, wow, that I think they're doing me.


And that was this. I just did that. And then you get movies, but there's no, there's no real career guidance, you know? I mean, I didn't know what to do or what not to do. And it was great. The one great thing about being canceled or whatever has happened to me, I got to go back and do what I started out doing, which I, I don't think I ever really finished, was really craft, you know, coming up with a really good standup, the craft of standup. And that's why I never wanted to do it, because unless you're doing it full time, I mean, you can't, I mean, Chris Rock was the one who talked me to go back into it, Adam Sandler too, but Chris Rock, who was, you know, the great, the greatest comedian of our generation. And he said, you know, you gotta get back and do it.


You could be the best at this, you know? And I, and I said, I don't even know what we talk about. Just talk about what we talk about every morning. 'cause we were doing grownups at the time. And then I took him up on it and he, he was a real good, good supporter and he doesn't align with me politically, but we know good jokes when we hear him. And then I really freed me. 'cause the interesting thing is when they try to cancel you, it is a really interesting thing. I don't know how else to describe it, but like, it's when they do go after you and they go after your pocketbook and your family and you think you may never work again. It remind me of what Alan Watts talks about, the great British philosopher.


He said, there was a, the Japanese pilot who was kamikaze pilot that's crashing his plane and this was it, and he's gonna crash his plane. And so he said he knew he was gonna die. And the release that happened by the time it was all over with, he said, I had why, what was I ever worrying about anything in life? It's all over, it doesn't matter, any of it. He said, that rush of freedom. And then his wing got blown off and then he spun, spun, spun, spun, and landed in the ocean and survived. And he went on to become a zen Buddhist monk and to relay these stories and that idea of zazen, he call it. So in a, in a much, much, much smaller way, I did feel like when they try to cancel you and you survive, you do get emboldened.


And they go, well, what do I really want to do? What do I really wanna say? And I'm not gonna be fearful anymore. And so if, if I've helped people be slightly less fearful, if I was able to be a voice for people who didn't feel like they could critique Hollywood, you know? 'cause I said, I said that, you know, early, I said, you know, when Hillary lost? I said, I haven't seen the Democrats just pissed off since we freed the slaves. And that went boom while, and then, and then, you know, when, when, when Newsom wasn't, when they tried to get rid of him, when they tried to recall Newsom, and it was so pathetically sad because like, here's a chance, let's vote him out. But then it is just like an abuse spouse, you know, Ben, they finally, I'm not taking this anymore.


I'm calling the cops on you. And the, by the time they call the, the woman calls the police, and then by the time the police come stay away from my husband, I love, he loved me, I love him. There was something that happened. And so that's why they got reelected again. And I said this, I said, Amer, I said, Californians would vote for a bowl of if it had a D next to it. And then that, you know, I guess that put the final nail on my Hollywood career. So Yeah, obviously you, you have the book, you have this media company or star. So what are the big projects that you're looking forward to doing now? Well, I'm gonna work with a really terrific broadcaster from England, Andrew Doyle, who I know. Did you know Andrew Doyle from GB News? He's coming over. His partner producing partner for, for GB News is also coming over Martin Gurley and then the best comedy writer in England.


I don't know, he wants me to say his name now, but he's gonna be coming over Graham Leham. I'm just gonna say it Graham. You're gonna have to deal with it. And he's one of the best writers. I mean, bafta winning best comedy writer. He is the best comedy writer in England. And so we're gonna start shows here in Arizona. And I, I think we're gonna do, and, and I think what's gonna have to happen to the studios, independent producers are the ones that are gonna be taking the risks and providing content for content for people that, that people are gonna wanna watch content that's for everybody that isn't trying to, you know, in indoctrinate people with this woke nonsense. So that's, that's it, you know, in a nutshell.


And I will say that the, the standup tour has been really educational and fun, because that's the truth. The audience will tell you the truth, what they laugh at. And it was nice to see this happen because honestly, Ben traveling around the country, as I'm sure you have too, there was a stress level that I'd never seen in Americans. I felt there was a, they were about ready to crack. I felt they were so worried. And I, I feel a real sense of, of, I wouldn't say joy, I would say a sense of relief, just the thank goodness. And that, and that's the kind of, when you try to scare people for years and try to make them feel bad, try to call them racist white supremacists, try to make them disparage them and call them garbage and deplorable and that they're, their women aren't intelligent or smart.


It does, it beats them down. And this was a real rejection of that narcissistic name calling. And, and hopefully the Democrats will, or maybe they won't, hopefully they won't wake up to it and they'll keep losing. I mean, what are your thoughts about that? Yeah, I mean, I, I think that it's gonna take a little while in the wilderness. You're, you're starting to see this battle play out now where the heads of the Democratic party, who obviously have a stake in saying they did nothing wrong, are fighting some of the people who have been outside. And so it's almost a, a tripartite battle. You have sort of the establishment of the Democratic party, which feels that it did a great job. And then they're split between the wokes and the people who kind of wanna do the Carilion reset, the sort of Democratic leadership council circa 1990 reset where they figure out what they did wrong.


It's gonna take a while for them to hash that out, especially because they don't have sort of a charismatic leader to, to fill in all the gaps for them. And I think the nature on the Republican side, by the way, is that there, there is the possibility of, of Republicans and conservatives and, and everybody who's part of the Trump coalition, thinking that the referendum wasn't about Trump. It was sort of a justification of everything Republicans have ever said. I think you see this usually in party politics where Obama was a unique political figure. Everybody on the left sort of assumed that because he was popular, that meant everything they were doing was popular. And it turned out that wasn't true at all. And I think the right, you could see something pretty similar where it turns out that Trump has unique draw, he's a unique character in American life, and that that's not actually quite duplicable.


That you can't just shove anybody else into that seat and then magically get the same sort of response from the American public. You're not gonna get low propensity voters to show up for, you know, a JD Vance or Marco Ruby or whomever else. And that's gonna be a new challenge. You're gonna have to have somebody arrested 37 times or 7 37 convictions, felony, felony, felony New York City convictions by an impartial democratically insane jury. And then you're gonna have to have those seven convictions, and then you're gonna have to have somebody who's almost murdered in public. And then, and that was that, that was the thing, like why, what the Republicans really need to do is, is to focus in and do the job that they've been asked to do. And that's gonna have to do that. I mean, they're gonna have to like the, the FBI when they're asked at, at the congressional hearing, were there any FBI dressed up as Trump supporters inciting and inviting people into capitol.


And he said, I'm not allowed to give out that information. The answer is no. You know? Yeah. Jimmy Dora says, you know, you gotta say no, that didn't happen, or it did happen so these guys can get cleaned out. He was one of the guys, the head of the FBI, he's one of the guys who said like, well, we don't know if he was really shot. It could have been a piece of strap nail. It's like, why even make that crazy statement? So you, you really have these entrenched, and this guy was, was appointed by, by Trump. So you, you really have an entrenched group of people who don't seem to have a, a grasp on what the average American wants, what the, the average American's life is like. And I, I think that's gotta get cleaned up.


I mean, if he says, you know, Trump said he's gonna get rid of the Department of Education, I think that is a phenomenal, phenomenally important first gesture for many reasons. Because one thing, 13% of the public of the, of the of public schools is funded by the Fed Feds. Now, they wanted to increase that. If Biden Harris, and this is one of the things that Moms for Liberty educated me about Tiffany Justice, they wanted to increase that to 26%. If that increase, Ben would've happened, that means the local school boards would've been irrelevant because then everything would've gone from the federal. And then you're not gonna have states, you know, you're not gonna have the, the states being able to decide what their education is, what the school boards are gonna decide, what the parents wanna decide.


So that was, I mean, this was a critical turning point. I do think that this, this election is gonna turn out to be one of the most critical turning points in American history. And I don't say that lightly, and I don't wanna say that, but it's just factual. It is true what was potentially tipping, if they would've let in 11 million more people if they were able to flood Florida so that Flo, even Florida and then Texas and then then Ohio, so that there, we, we wouldn't get a choice next time we really were on, on a razor's edge tipping. And I, I do think that that was avoided and avoided by the American people. Totally Agree. Well, Rob Schneider, it's been great to see you. Can't wait to see what you do next. Really, thanks for taking the time. Thank you very much. And I, I wish you, you have been a hero for me, and you've have actually, you know, has, has helped a lot of us to, to, to, to communicate better and to be more specific and precise.


And you really led the charge. There was nobody doing what you were doing, and you really are. If you look at anybody who's, who's out there in the public square talking about conservative values and being able to back them up, it was, you started that. So thank you for that, Very sweetie. I really appreciate it. Great to see you. The Ben Shapiro's Sunday special is produced by Savannah Morris and Matt Kemp. Associate producers are Jake Pollock and John Crick. Editing is by Olivia Stewart. Audio is mixed by Mike Corina. Camera and Lighting is by Zach gta, hair, makeup, and Wardrobe by Fabiola Christina. Title graphics are by Cynthia Angulo, executive assistant Kelly Carvallo.


Executive in charge of production is David Wus, executive producer Justin Siegel, executive producer Jeremy Boring. The Ben Shapiro Show. Sunday Special is a daily wire production, copyright daily wire 2024.