
Sometimes you have to break from tradition to make something better, or in this case, a smoother spirit. Martel Blue Swift is made of French cognac, but because it's finished in bourbon barrels from America, they're not allowed to call it cognac. The shockingly smooth taste is rich and aromatic with stupid hints of toasted old from the bourbon casks, making it perfect for cocktails. Martel, blue Swift, defy expectations enjoy our quality responsibly.


Republicans and Democrats need each other. That's what we're, that's what we don't admit, because we keep each other from going too far one way or the other. You know, the fringe is taking over. I, myself, I'm an independent. I mean, I've voted both ways all my life, so I'm not a registered Republican. But once the judicial system was used on him, to me, that was messing with our Constitution. And that's not America. And that's what, you know, got me back the other way that I, I'm definitely voting for him.


This week on the Sunday Special Dennis Quaid joins us ahead of the premiere of the upcoming biopic Reagan, coming to theaters nationwide Friday, August 30th. Quaid is quite the renaissance man. He's a two-time, golden Globe nominated actor, musician, self proclaimed golf addict, and licensed pilot. After over 40 years in Hollywood, Quaid recently moved to Nashville where he founded his own production company. Bonnie Dale Films. Qua is known for his roles in Breaking, Away, The, Right, Stuff, big, easy, and The Parent Trap. But his career has span nearly every genre of film from dramas to thrillers, rom-coms and action roles. In today's episode, qua discusses how he prepared to portray Ronald Reagan, including his visit to the Reagan Ranch. And his observations about Reagan's psyche Qua also reflects on the parallels between our current political moment and President Reagan's era offers a few predictions about the future of Hollywood and shares a few of his favorite all time films.


You don't wanna Miss Dennis Quaid in Reagan, coming out in theaters nationwide, August 30th, from Hollywood to the Oval Office, Quaid brings one of our country's greatest presidents back to life on the silver screen. Welcome back to another episode of the Sunday Special Dennis Quaid. Thank you so much for stopping by. Thank you, Ben. Thanks for having me. Absolutely. So let's, let's jump right into it about the film. So obviously it's the first biopic Reagan, which is in and of itself totally insane. He's one of the most historic presidents in American history. He left office when I was four years old. I'm now 40. So why don't we start with what do you think took so long? Why didn't Hollywood do this earlier? He was a Hollywood guy.


You would imagine it's a pretty good Hollywood story. What took Hollywood so long to make this film? Yeah, no kidding. That's a really good question, and I don't know if I can really answer it, but I do know that this script, Mark Joseph, who was like the producer who really championed this thing, he's had the script since 2008. I think that's when it began. And then it was a question of financing and everything. And I don't think the studios really wanted to make it. There wasn't much interest around for it. And so he basically independent financing, which I'm really glad that we had to tell you the truth 'cause we had control over the story.


And I was first asked to do it in, it was 2017 that Mark came to me, and it took me a while to say yes, to tell you the truth. 'cause Reagan was my favorite president. I mean, I lived through all this. I I voted for Jimmy Carter in 76. I was, my first time I could vote, but then I voted for Reagan in 80 and I went back home there in California. My roommate said, who'd you vote for? I said, Reagan. He said, you're kicked out of the hippies. So I turned in my card and that was it. So you, you get the script and you, and you're thinking about it. What, what were sort of the considerations as to, as to why you at first didn't wanna do it? Obviously he's, you said your favorite president, but were there career considerations also, given the fact that Hollywood is pretty famously not super receptive to, you know, warmth toward even mildly right of center ideas?


Well, as far as all that politics of it went, no, that didn't really come into, into my thinking about it. I, I said, you know, shiver of fear went up my spine when they asked me to do it, because Reagan's like Muhammad Ali, everybody in the world knows what he looks like. Walks like, talks like everybody's got a story. Everybody, you know, they all have an opinion, I mean, negative or positive about him. And, but at the same time, he looms large and a lot and anybody's life that's over like 45, you know, 50 years old. And so that I didn't wanna do it.


Impersonation, I guess I was a little afraid of being judged to, and I didn't really think I really looked like him or could get there. And so it took me a while, but, but mainly it was about putting all the out, exterior stuff, stuff aside. For me, acting is about what makes people tick, you know? And you have the public persona, but you have to be able to get behind that As an actor in order to make someone come alive and not just be an impression. So let's talk about That. That took a while. Yeah. How did, so I didn't say yes and I didn't say no. So how Do you get into Ronald Reagan's head? Obviously you have writings by Ronald Reagan, you have biographies of Ronald Reagan, right.


How, how do you go about doing the research into playing a, a real life gigantic figure like that? Well, before I said yes, I read a couple of biographies about him besides having lived through all, everything I lived through, you know, and, but then I went, I got invited to the Reagan Ranch, which was the Western White House back then. It's Reagan bought it after he was governor of California. And it's not open to the public. A group of friends bought it after his death and kept it exactly as it was when he and Nancy were there. I mean, their closer in the closet, still expect him to come back, you know, anytime.


And, but I went up the worst road in California, five miles of it to the top of that mountain and came out through the gate. And that's when I made up my mind, basically, because I felt like I got him. You could, I could feel him there at that place. And it was very obvious that Reagan was actually a very humble man. He really did do all the work around there. You can feel that. And the house itself, the Western White House back then, it's maybe 1100 square feet. And, you know, very modest.


The bed was a king-sized bed, but it was two single beds that were zip tied together. And, you know, it was, you could just feel both of them, he and Nancy in that place. And that's, that's where I made it my mind to do it. One of the things that's fascinating when you read biographies of Reagan is that pretty much everybody who knew him, maybe except for, for Nancy, talks about him having this sort of inner reserve. How, how he would, you know, he would be in the room with you and obviously he would interact with you, But there was a part of him that he all sort of kept behind a wall. What, what do you think that was? That's the, that's the thing between the impersonation and getting to the person about what makes them tick.


I, I've played several real people in my life and I feel like I have a responsibility to those people to, you know, whether it be Doc Holiday who's not even alive anymore or, you know, or Jimmy Morris and the, the rookie to, to do it from their point of view, you know, because that's the way we live our lives from our point of view. And there was that thing of Reagan, I heard from everyone that knew him, that were, there's this impenetrable space that he always had that, you know, this is the great communicator, quite jovial of a person.


But, there was this place that you couldn't get past as well. A very private place. And I think that, I think that was always there with him from childhood, really. And I think it had something to do with people, you know, a lot people coming at him as far, you know, being so public, he had to have that even in a crowd, to be able to have his private, his privacy in a sense. And I think that's also was kind of a place where he, you know, that was really his, where he would go well in prayer or meditation or whatever you wanna call it.


But you know, that that place was reserved. And I think he really needed something like a place like that because, you know, the world was, you know, always coming to his door. And, and that goes all the way back to his childhood. I mean, obviously he had an incredibly rough childhood. His, his father was, was not around when he was, wasn't good. He, yeah, he, he grew up not wealthy at all. He's a true American legend in terms of his success story and, and in terms of the trajectory. But you carry that with you. I'd imagine that sort of damage you carry with you your whole life, right? I mean, having an alcoholic father like that, you know, and that you have, you're having to take care of, he dragged him, dragged him.


He was passed out on the porch a couple of times, had to drag him inside. And, you know, I just, that kind of puts a protective coat on you, I think, as a child. 'cause you feel in a way responsible for, you know, the parents in, in a sense. And his mother certainly had a big effect on him. You know, his, his mother, like my mom, really, it was the rock in his life. And in some, in some ways, they could really relate with Reagan, because my dad was an alcoholic. You know, there's certain degrees of it that, that are around, around.


But he was an alcoholic. And my, my mom was kind of that rock for me as well. So, as you say, you know, you, you don't wanna do an impersonation, but you're saying some of the most iconic lines in the history of American politics and American life. So how do you, how do you do that balance? How do you, how do you be Reagan without being, you know, a a Saturday Night Live performer who's just doing a, a weak version of, of the Reagan act kind of, right. Yeah. That was the fear that Saturday night forces, because he comes up. But that, that, like I said, that had to, to get down to playing the emotions of, of, of the scenes and what they were, and really getting down to the person that, that's the person that has like insecurities, like all of us have varying degrees of self-esteem.


And like, and the way of, to find a way into that, like, I'm an actor myself and Reagan As an actor. I don't think he ever got to the place that he wanted to be As an actor. I think he kind of felt not a failure, but he just never really got there. You know, whether it was because Jack Warner never gave him the parts. But, you know, John Wayne really had his slot, so he was kind of relegated to B movies. And he was married, also married to Jane Wyman when his career was really going down at the end, hers was, you know, sky, right? She wanted Academy Award, you know, and, you know, say what you want.


But I think that, you know, that kind of does some something to your own sense of self, self-esteem or whatever. I related it in my, in my life. I was married to Meg Ryan, you know, and you know, my career was kind of going like that. And hers was, you know, going like that. And you want to, well, I'm above all that and stuff, but it, you're a human being, you know, you question yourself. And, but also out of that, you know, his career going down, he became vice president and then president of the Screen Actor's Guild, which is a job you don't really aspire to when you're starting out. As an actor, you know, but it's amazing how God works.


You know, he, I think that's where Reagan found his purpose. And, you know, he becomes president of the Screen Actor's Guild. He's fighting the communists from within while protecting Yeah. The actors who, who maybe ideologically diverse inside the Screen guild, which is not an easy balance Draw. No, it's not. In fact, a little tidbit. You know, we have great health insurance actors, the Screen Actors Guild, I mean, like the best it was Reagan who got us that fought for it for nine years. And he got it. And he, what he did fight communist. And, you know, but that's, it was kind of like people took that as a wive's tale or something, a communist infiltrating, you know, the unions and everything.


But, you know, when the Soviet Union fell and, you know, all those papers came flooding out, lo and behold, they actually were trying to take over the unions and in Hollywood And, and Reagan takes charge of that. And then of course he runs for, for governor of, of California. But before he does that, he, he goes on this, this GE tour where he's going all over the United States, and he's talking about politics frequently, like every week doing these speeches really, and really getting himself familiar with the material. I think one of the great rips that, that his critics have is they pretend that he was an idiot, or that he was uneducated, or he didn't know anything about politics. That he was a ante. He read widely and broadly himself. He educated himself. He really did.


He really did. The GE was, that's a, that's a great point because this is not something he had to do, but he took it upon himself to go around to every factory, every GE factory, and go out on the floor and talk to all the workers, you know, on their lunch breaks or, you know, coming or leaving at the end of the end of the day and talk to them. And that was the beginnings of his political base was right there. And he also got out into the country and really found out what was on their minds, what were the issues, you know, in their lives. And that, I think more just about, more than anything else, had a lot to do.


But with him becoming president, I know my dad was one of those people. In fact, you know, my dad was an electrician, and I remember we're going to Galveston, this was like 1964, and the speech was on the radio. That was during a, an election year. He was out for Goldwater, I think. And it's a very famous speech. My dad was pounding the dashboard and, and you know, go Ronnie and stuff like that. And that was my first inklings of him as, as a political figure before he was just a guy on TV who sold Baro soap.


He, you know, he, what's fascinating about, about Reagan is that he really is a combination of all of these different really diverse factors. So he's somebody who spends time in Hollywood, which of course is a very left wing place politically. So he knows how to talk to people on that side. And He was a Democrat back then, by the way. He was. Yeah, He was. He was. And then, and then he shifts to the right, but still knows how to speak that language. He, he's somebody who becomes very hard on communism, but at the same time is almost innocent about the, about the nature of human beings and how human beings can operate. And there, very famously, during, during his presidency, he wrote probably his, his worst speech actually during his presidency. There's part where he writes about how maybe one day a child from the Soviet Union, a child from America, they'll get together and they'll play in the park.


And it's this very sort of innocent take. And a lot of his foreign policy team was like, this is you, you, you shouldn't be saying this. Not, Oh, that was the couple who met the very nice couple who happened to be 70 said, we got together and was Exactly, and it's a very, it's very take But there. He's this very strange combination of somebody who's incredibly hardnosed in the use of American power and the threat of use of American power. I mean, he builds up the military, he walks away at Reykjavik. He, he, he says no to the Soviets, but at the same time, he holds out the prospect. But nobody ever said no to the Soviets. Right? Right. Yeah. And so that, that's, that's what makes him such a sort of mystery and a fascinating character, is all these internal contradictions. Right. And you know, I think when he was elected president, he was, you know, called a war monger.


He was definitely gonna get us into a nuclear conflict with the Soviet Union. You know, there was, but it took a, it took a cold warrior like that to win the Cold War. You know, before that we'd, we'd had Carter who was, you know, I, this is not against Carter, but he was a, what he did in the Middle East with, you know, peace with Egypt and Israel. I mean, that was quite an accomplishment and everything, the, you know, but with the Soviets, you know, we had given away the B one bomber, we had given, we had appeased them. And America is sort of like that speech that Reagan you were talking about, Reagan has that innocence that we just wanna be friends with everybody that's a, you know, natural thing for us to, to do.


We don't see why it couldn't be that way and, you know, appeal with reason. But you know, people, the people in the Soviet Union are and ran, you go through it, most of the world didn't grow up like we did. You know, it's a very brutal world out there with, and a very brutal reality. And when America is like that, or you know, they, I think they sort of laugh at us a a little bit or they take advantage of it for sure. 'cause it, they see it as weakness. So, you know, when you look at, at Reagan, obviously you've identified as a political independent for a long time in Hollywood, this election.


You've said that you plan on supporting President Trump in the election. What are the sort of similarities that you see between President Trump and Reagan? Obviously very different in a lot of ways. But there ares some similarities too. Well, I think it's, it's just more of the, the circumstances of, of the world right now. I mean, you go back to 19 80, 19 79, we had the hostages, which nobody talks about. We, well, we have hostages right now in the Middle East. I don't know why nobody talks about him. We had that, you know, the, the economy was, was in a bad place at the time with gas oil, you know, being a, a big thing. Inflation was high.


And a lot of the very same circumstances, I think in fact, Carter had even made his famous malaise speech that, you know, America was in. And you know, Reagan came along and said, no, we're not a nation in decline. We are going up. We're a shiny city on a hill, and we're gonna, we're gonna get back to that. And people believed in, he inspired people. And, you know, that's why he won the presidency, I think. Well one of the things that's amazing about Reagan is that you look at his first term and he has a rough first couple of years in the economy, obviously he's trying to quash inflation.


And that means that he has to radically increase the interest rates using sort of Volker plans. And by 1982, you know, his popularity is, is winning a little bit. And then he sort of, kind of roars back in 83, 84. He wins this enormous victory in, in 1984. And you look at the way that America is now, and one of the things that you wonder is no matter how successful any president is, is there a possibility of anything like that sort of American unity again? And it feels like sort of not, and maybe that can just be chalked up to the fact that it used to be that Ronald Reagan and Tip O'Neill would battle it out, and then they actually kind of liked each other and have conversations. Yeah, they Would, they would get together, like after five o'clock, that's when they said, we're gonna be enemies until after like five o'clock.


And there were just a couple Irishmen having a beer and, and tip a tip. O'Neal would be at the White House. And they, you know, at least they had a conversation with each other back and forth. And, you know, the, also Reagan was elected in 1980, you know, the hostages, they Iran hostages were freed like 20 minutes after he took office. 'cause I think Iran knew that he wasn't gonna take anything from them. But it was also, especially in the economy, you know, interest rates were 20% at one time. I, I remember that 'cause I was starting to buy a house and I think he really won on, are you better off than you were four years ago?


And, you know, that was a, that was a, the, that question is very similar to what it is now. And, and it, it took a couple years for, I think change is to happen, you know, the, to you see progress in something, it's not going to change overnight as far as, you know, inflation and, and the economic policy that was put into effect. And then I think he, you know, he had an extended honeymoon period because of the assassination attempt, which we've just had as well. And, but one thing, once things got going, I think you saw a lot of, like activists from the sixties who had grown up and were now on Wall Street.


You know, they, I guess the Reagan Democrats, you could call them the, that, you know, things started to change. We'll get to more on this in a moment.


First here at The Daily Wire, we've hired a lot of highly skilled people to be part of this growing creative powerhouse. We're talking editors, attorneys, engineers, you name it, like intern Sarah. Sarah started with us this summer. She's awesome. She's been doing all sorts of research. She's been helping with all the areas of the production. She's been doing tons of stuff around the office thanks to Sarah. We can make shows like this one and we can continue to create thousands of leftist tears every day. Well, that's enough feelings for one day. But the facts remain. If you're looking for amazing hires like intern Sarah and our entire Daily Wire team, you need to go to ZipRecruiter where its smart technology excels at finding top talent for all your roles. Fast ZipRecruiter makes hiring faster and easier. Four to five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within day one today. You can try it for free at this exclusive web address, ZipRecruiter dot com slash Daily. Wire. Once again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash Daily. Wire. If you're trying to save time and trying to hire the best, ZipRecruiter is the best way to do it. That's why I've been using ZipRecruiter ourself for years here at our growing and thriving company over at Daily Wire. You should check it out for free yourself at ZipRecruiter dot com slash Daily. Wire, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash Daily. Wire,


have you felt a lot of blow back from sort of your social circle? I know that you don't live in Hollywood anymore, but, you know, coming out and saying that you're planning on voting for President Trump is not necessarily the most popular sentiment in Hollywood. For sure. Well, I have my friends, you know, I have my friends and you know, our relationship is, is quite solid with that. And I don't know, there's gotta be a conversation. You know, it's just, we, a lot of actors have been told to like, you know, shut up in Hollywood. Just don't, don't say anything because you know it's gonna affect you getting a job or, or this, and why is it okay for, you know, say Michael Douglas to go on, you know, talk shows and talk about Biden and, you know, and yet you can't be, you can't be for Trump.


That's not the way America works. We've gotta have a conversation about this. It used to be even back in Reagans day, you would have liberal Republicans, you had conservative Democrats. So the, the lines weren't so blurred as they today. It's just black and white and we've gotta get more than anything we've gotta get back to being able to interact with each other. Republicans and Democrats need each other. That's what we're, that's what we don't admit because we keep each other from going too far one way or the other.


You know, the fringe is taking over. I myself, I'm an independent. I mean, I've voted both ways all my life. So I'm not a registered Republican. But what I saw with, with, I wasn't going to vote for Trump either. 'cause I thought, you know, things needed to really settle down in, in this country. And there were a lot of other candidates that I thought would, would be good. But once the judicial system was used on him, you know, that, that to me, that was messing with our Constitution. And that's not America. And that's what, you know, got me back the other way that I, I'm definitely voting for him because again, I believe in America and I believe in the Constitution.


So one, one of the things that you mentioned very early on here is that this film was independently funded. That it didn't come through the Hollywood studio system. It, do you think that that's going to be the future of where, where Hollywood goes, that you're gonna see a lot more independently funded films, whether it is through people like Mark, or whether it is through Angel Studios or through, through all of the, through your production house. Yeah. You know, that they, that sort of, the, the studio system has, has been essentially broken because the theater model has largely been broken and, and somehow so has the streaming models. Yeah. By Covid and even before Covid, they were having trouble with that used when I first, you know, came to LA and you know, back in those days, each studio, you know, say five would be producing at least 40 movies a year.


That's a lot of movies. That was like 200 studio movies that are, that are coming out. And there would be, you know, all places on the spectrum with of genres. And today I think, you know, that might be eight maybe. And those all gotta be tent, big tent poles. 'cause only way to make make money for them is to spend $200 million. You know? And so they, that's, that's really changed. But more than that, I think that Hollywood has sort of lost its relevancy with an audience to a certain extent.


They very much, very similar to what was going on in the late sixties that that that they kind of lost track of, of, of their audience and who they were. And it took like a film like Bonnie and Clyde, that French new wave and that set off a whole new thing in the seventies, you know, to a new golden age where it was a different kind of filmmaking that that hit the audience and actually hit a nerve to what was going on underneath the surface in the country. You know, you started having like anti-heroes in the Rebel Hero came back and all that. And we're in a very similar, similar place now that I think Hollywood has lost contact with its audience.


And, but now that's, that void can be filled from anywhere. 'cause you could make a, you know, you could finance a movie from different places and there's different centers going on now. What Taylor Sheridan is doing in, in Texas and what's going on in Georgia, there's a whole, if I was a young actor today, I wouldn't go to la I would go to Atlanta because they're casting the smaller roles there. They're not gonna fly people, you know, from LA And that's where, that's where I'd start.


But that's the start of an industry there, you know, 'cause people are gonna wind up living there and moving there. And it could have, they're doing quite well On a sort of narrative level. It's sort of fascinating just the history of Hollywood, how it went from heroes to anti-heroes in the, in the seventies. And then it was kind of stuck in anti-hero land until now. I mean, you have superheroes, but those are the only kind of heroes that you can depict on screen. That's one of the things that makes Reagan different is that Reagan's an actual heroic figure that you can put on the screen. And that, that feels almost like a throwback just because you have a biopic where the person isn't being treated like crap. Yeah. Where the person isn't being treated as some sort of evil person under the there, The rise the boop. Right. Exactly. Yeah. Or it's j Edgar Hoover and secretly it's about how he cross dresses and, and the real sultry stuff is the stuff like Yeah, it's, it's a different sort of throwback feel to biopics of say the, the thirties, forties and fifties where you, you He is a good person very much.


It reflects Reagan and it reflects the eras in which, you know, he lived and, and thrived and well for instance, the love story. If he, and he and Nancy is very central to, to the movie Adam Reagan probably wouldn't have been president with it when for Nancy it was just the strength of their relationship was, which is very rare. So there are a lot of amazing scenes in the film. Which one of them was sort of your favorite when you think of the, the most interesting and fun to film? Which one? Which one comes to mind? Oh, Well, you know, the, the, the debate between he and Mondale, which I thought was just, it was a piece of theater to begin with.


You know, they'd already had, he and Mondale already had the first debate where Reagan had been, you know, kind of loose on the facts and, and whatever. He just didn't perform well in the first debate. And so, and you know, they were talking about he was too old and this and that. I think he was what, 74 at the time or something. And so the second debate, he, he did the, the famous, you know, he was asked the question, it was a great setup and he just said, I will not for political purposes take advantage of my opponent's youth in, in experience. Which was fantastic.


And even Mondale laughs okay, he knows he's lost the election with that, but Reagan did something even better, is that he said that. And then he, I call it the Jack Benny, he reached over and took his water and took a sip of it just to like, Let it Breathe. You let it breathe and it was beautiful. So, you know, let's talk about sort of your journey, but both in terms of life and in terms of acting, because, you know, on a personal level, I, I first saw you, you in film with Breaking Away. So I grew up on, on what would now be considered older movies. My, my parents would, and I would go over to Eddie Brand Saturday matinee, which was like the big, the big kind of video rental place in North Hollywood.


And we picked up all these movies. So You saw it at VHS of course, Or beta in the No, no, no. VHS. I'm not, I'm not of the beta generation, but, but yes, the VHS and Wore out, wore out the tape on Breaking Away. So how, how did you actually break into the industry? What got you interested in acting in the first place? Well, My dad, my dad was a frustrated actor, my of things. And, and my brother got it into it first. And, you know, he did the last detail. We were both, I was in high school drama and stuff like that. And he did the last detail and it kind of made me, oh wow, you can actually do that. You know, you could actually go there and get a job doing that.


And I really fell in love with acting in college. There's a particular teacher that was also my brother's teacher, Cecil Pickett was his name. And he taught at great thing about him is, it was exactly what I said, you know, it was about what makes people tick, you know, and what's on the outside, the way they walk, the way they talk mannerisms. That what's, what causes that, what's the psychological reason that they do that, that leads you to the inside of somebody. And so it, I went out there when I was 20, 21 almost, and, you know, sent my picture around every agent and got rejected.


So I, I just started calling up casting directors, you know, it'd be this thing in the back of the Hollywood Reporter films in the future. And it would list the producer and the director and stuff, and the casting director. So I would just started calling them up and I got turned down like eight of 10 times. But two of them would see me, then went in to see them, and then I'd stare at my shoes for the first couple of interviews until I got used to talking. And then one of 'em got me an agent, and then I got a job a couple of months after that. But Breaking Away was really the first movie that, it made things a lot easier for me. And that really, I think connected with the audiences.


I I really love that movie. It's, it's a, a it was such a great experience to do it. Peter Yates was written by a, you know, a, a first generation Czech directed by an Englishman. And I think that's what gave the movie its charm, because it was, you know, they, they saw America better than we did, I think, in, in, in that middle part of America. And it really had a charm to it. And it still holds up. I saw it about four months ago, it really up. Oh it's Great. Still holds up. I mean it's, the script is terrific that you're great in it, but everybody's great. Yeah. I mean really all, all the way top to bottom and, and it's, it is such a pro-America film.


Yeah. It really is a pro America Film. It really is. Peter Yates who directed it, he directed Bullet, right? And he taught all four of us guys film acting, you know, he was very fatherly and mentors with, with us. And I mean all throughout. And I remember the night of, of the opening, you know, of it, it was kinda like the first film of the eighties too, I think in a way of, you know, youth going to the theater. And there was a line around the block and, you know, audiences smell movies or they used to, because that was back in the day, we didn't have any social media just being an advertisement in the newspaper.


There was, you know, no television ads or anything like that. I don't know how that happened, but it was, it was kind of magic the way used to happen out. An audience could smell a mo a good movie. I get some more on that in a moment.


First, my days are incredibly full. Got the show being a dad, various other responsibilities. I can't keep up with my day if I don't actually sleep at night, which is why I appreciate my Helix mattress. Helix harnesses years of mattress expertise to offer a truly elevated sleep experience. The Helix Elite Collection includes six different mattress models, each tailored for specific sleep positions and firmness preferences. If you're nervous about buying a mattress online, you really don't have to be. Helix has a sleep quiz, it matches your body type and sleep preferences to the perfect mattress. 'cause why would you buy a mattress made for somebody else? I took that Helix quiz. I was matched with a firm but breathable mattress. I love it. My wife loves it. We're big Helix fans at the Shapiro household. Helix has a 10 year warranty. You can try it out for a hundred nights risk free. They'll even pick it up for you if you don't love it. Not sure that's ever happened. Helix is financing options and flexible payment plans. Make it to a great night's sleep is never far away for a limited time. Helix is offering up to 25% off all mattress orders plus two free pillows for our listeners. Just head on over to Helix sleep.com/ben. That's Helix sleep.com/ben. This is their best offer, yet it will not last long with Helix. Better sleep starts right now.


So, you know, you started off doing acting in college and you mentioned there the difference between stage acting and film acting. Mm. I have unfortunately for the audience cameo in a couple of movies that we've made. And I'm a terrible actor. Oh really? Absolutely. I've gotta see This. You should not for your own sake and for mine. Please do not. I mean, you can watch the movies, but you should fast forward the scenes that, that I'm in. And I, the question that I have after acting after my vast and extensive acting experience, which of course is, is similar to your own. What, what do you, how do you bring it every take? I mean, like, that's, that's a hard thing to do. And how do you maintain a character, you know, across an entire span? Like in Reagan, you're, you're spanning decades. How do you, how do you extend that?


Especially because, you know, for, for those who have never had the experience of being in a film or watching a film get made, it's all filmed out of sequence. It's, it's, it's not as though you're, you're filming it chronologically through time. Yeah. How do you maintain a character through that when you, you have to be at point C in, in a character development in this scene and then the next day you have to be at point A in that same character's development or In the afternoon? Well, I mean, for one thing you have the luxury of take two, which we don't have here, or do we, and, but it's, I dunno, it's something first time the camera came in on me. I remember in the first film it was just quite intimidating. But it's about just really learning to just be, be in the scene.


You know? I do, I do all the, the, the research I can and character development with Reagan. I had a couple of wound up having a couple of years really before we even started filming, which was great. But the, like the voice, you know, the early part of his life, like you see him at the, in Hollywood of the house of un-American activities. He, you know, his voice is way up there and it's very, very, talks a lot faster. And it's, you know, I believe our system can take it. You know, that, that, that's a long way from, you know, getting to the Later years where he speaks a little slower but little wiser. So it's just all those nuances and, you know, little things like he had a crooked smile which had something to do with maybe, you know, nerve damage from childhood or whatever, or you know, the psychology to it.


And he kind of either knowingly may have been unknowingly 'cause they taught you how to walk in Hollywood, you know, when you became an actor in the studio system, then you had to have a certain walk. And his, his was very similar to John Wayne in a way. And so little things like that, you know, that all add up and you then you just have to, in the end just trust it and just go dive in. So, you know, in terms of acting methodologies, you know, obviously they talked about method acting. My, my favorite sort of method, acting story is the old story about from Marathon Man where, where Olivier is with, with Hoffman and Hoffman Yeah.


Is is like, is acting like Yeah. His character for the entire time Reving Yeah. Or Coming out of character. He just is living in the character. Yeah. And, and then Olivia looks at him and said, it's called acting Young man. Yeah. So, so what, what It's like too much work. So how, how do you address a part? I mean obviously there are people like Daniel Day Lewis who live in the forest with, you know, a bow and arrow for three months to prepare for the last in Mohicans or whatever. Does He still, He, he might. I, I don't know. Yeah, I know he doesn't wanna work. He says he doesn't wanna work. But anymore, you know, it really kind of comes down to, that's kind of like, I guess when you get asked these questions and stuff like that, you kinda give responses like that and try to put it into a method or a way of work. But I, I find that most people I work with and myself too is just, you come to work and you've been hired because they think you, you're right for the part and you do your, your work do it and then you just do it.


I guess I used to think a lot about when I was younger I used to angst about technique and this and that and the other. But I think it's part of just like learning it and then forgetting it and then you just go do it. Like you do your show every day, you know what I mean? Sure. You do your show differently than when you first started doing your show, when you got outta the business. Right. You don't angst about as much stuff as, as you used to. 'cause it's become very natural to you and great thing. It's a really great job to have. If, if you get it's great work, if you can get it being an actor. 'cause it beats working for a living. So it, yeah.


You entered Hollywood, as you say, really, really young, I mean 20 years old and you're already starting to, to get movies and you Breaking Away and then you, I mean, you talk openly about this, you get sucked into sort of the celebrity culture. So, so you, you develop an addiction, you overcome that addiction. Well, you know what, what is the, what is it like being a young star in Hollywood and how hard is it to Back in the seventies, man, it was fun. It was really fun. That's what, you know, like cocaine back then was like in a, in movie budgets and stuff. And you know, there was this, I remember there was a cover story in People Magazine about cocaine, about how it wasn't addictive and, you know, it was party drug and, you know, harmless.


Then John Belushi died. And that kinda really changed everything for everybody. But my, my personal experience was that, you know, it was fun then it was fun with problems and then it was just problems and, and, you know, affected my sleep. I think it affected my work. I I really do think so. Think so. And you know, what affects your life? When your life, it kind of becomes unmanageable about, about it. That's when it's, you have to do something or, but I had one of those white light experiences. I had a band at that time and we were the eclectics the night we got a record deal at the Palace Theater over on Vine Street.


We, we got a record deal performing that night and we broke up in the, in the, in the dressing room right after because of me. Because, you know, I was just, I was a little outta control. I think, you know, I just wasn't reliable and I had a white light experience and I put myself in rehab the next day and I was lucky I got it the first time. Although it was like about, it was about three years of like grinding my teeth and, you know, you, it what it does to your nervous system, you know, pretty much grinds those synapses down.


And, but to you to stay away from it, it was, it was kinda like grinding my teeth. And I went, you know, meetings and stuff, meetings every day. And I, because they say it, you know, it's a, it's a spiritual problem is really what it is. You're trying to fill a hole there that it's a spiritual hole, really. And that's what, that's what drugs are. You know, they make you feel like everything's great, but you take away the drug and that's gone. But it's a spiritual problem. And that's, so that's when I, I, I've read the Bible like about five times in my life over different periods.


And then it started getting back into that. And before that again, I'd read the go back. I, I'd, as far as my history on that is I was, I was grew up Baptist, Southern Baptist, you know, and I, I became disillusioned with Churchianity, I think around 1213, which I think a lot of teenagers start to question their life anyway. And I read a book called Siddhartha Herman Hess, you know, which really turned me towards eastern, eastern philosoph 'cause a very new thing. And, and Eastern religion, Buddhism, Hinduism.


I read the Dharma, I read the Bha Gita, I read the, I read the Koran and as well as the Bible. And, but when after rehab, I, I went back and this is after about three years, and I read the, I read the Bible again. And really what stood out were the read words of Jesus to me. And that's what started a, a for the first time for me, a personal relationship with God, which continued to nurture and grow and ebb and flow.


But, you know, that's, that's, that was the thing that I think that really got me through it. So you, now you, you've left la you, you don't live in LA anymore. You, you moved over to, to Tennessee. Yeah. How's that, how's that transition been for you? I Love it. I just love it there. You know, I grew up in Texas and so it's, it feels like home at the same time. In fact, my grandfather was 10 miles from Tennessee as, as a infant. And they went to Texas, a covered wagon in 1902. So I have a lot of cousins there to, to begin with. And of course music, which has always been a part of my life. I have great friends there and I just love the way of life.


I didn't even know about the music. So you, you're a guitarist or what? I play, I play guitar. I've always played guitar and, and piano. I mean it was, I did Great Balls of Fire, Jerry Lee Lewis. That's, that's another great thing about being an actor is you get to go on these, into all these doors that say authorized personnel only. Yeah, Jerry Lee Lewis was like one of my teachers, one of my piano teachers. So get to do a lot of really fun things when you're an actor. So what, what are your favorite, I mean, you, you have a huge IMDV obviously. What, what are the favorite films that you, that you've been in? For me there, my kids, Reagan is now, I, I actually has taken over as number one from The Right Stuff, which was my favorite movie, you know, before I did Reagan.


And I have a different standard for myself. It's about the experience that I had when I was making it like The Right Stuff came out. I mean, it didn't do well at all actually. You know, it's become a classic, but it, at the time it didn't do well at all. But it was about the time of, you know, it was, I grew up in Houston, space City. It was, it was Gordo Cooper was my favorite astronaut wound up. He lived three miles from me in la I got my pilot's license on that. Chuck Yeager was on the set every day. You know, that's a like, fantastic time. But I would say The Right, Stuff Reagan, Breaking Away frequency, the rookie far from heaven.


You know, it's, I have, I have some I'm not so proud of. But the, those, you know, I have a, I have a good little family of there. I've been around long enough to have a few good ones. The Parent Trap Parent Trap gave me a new whole second career. Yeah, No, my sisters grew up on that film. Yeah. I I will admit I've watched it more than once Actually. Yeah. Well actually, yeah. Everyone, all my producers in the back are are cheering. Yeah. Right now. I just showed it to my, I just showed it to my kids like two weeks ago maybe. We, we were on vacation and my, my, my daughter and her and her cousins wanted to watch it. So. Right. Well I I tell them, I say, I used to be your babysitter, they grow up 'cause your parents have put it on.


You'd watched it 40 times while they were in the other room doing what they wanted to do. Exactly. And how would you deal with, with failure, obviously we all deal with failure and, and I think that's, that's the side of, of American success that people don't often see is all the failures that, that right to the successes or that are the after effects of a success. How do you deal with, with, you know, you put a enormous amount of sweat and toil into a movie and it doesn't end up being what you want it to be or it, or it fails At the bottom. It's very disappointing, man. It goes right to your self-esteem and everything. Failure does, you know, people don't like to talk about it or whatever, or, but you know, it's failure actually that if you survive it, you know, you get up off the floor, it's actually can make you better.


I think. You know, it's, it, everybody's gotta have failure in their life and it's about sticking with something. I think. I I think that's half of the thing about even wanting to be an actor. It's, I mean, they're, you're kind of set up for failure just to try to become an actor. There's 40, 40,000 actors and the Screen Actors Guild on, you know, only 1% are working on any given day. You just gotta fi figure you're gonna be one of those 1% and no matter what. So you, it's, you gotta have a tough skin to a certain extent too, you know, but also acknowledge what what was wrong with, with something.


So you, you talked a little bit earlier about, you know, the fact that that Hollywood needs to tell some different types of stories. Obviously Reagan is the beginning, I think of, of a lot of that. It's a huge movie. It's sprawling. It's, it's awesome. People who don't know Reagan's legacy are gonna learn more about Reagan than, than, you know, probably they would through any other medium. The the, the movie will reach more people than any anybody will ever read a, a Reagan biography. Yeah, for sure. And the, that, you know, that's very, that's very important. Yeah. First off, the movie's meant to entertain. That's what, that's what it's supposed to be. You know, and it's for those who are like your age, you know, you get a glimpse into what this country used to be like.


And for those like my age, you reminded what this country was and what it still can be too. It was a great time as a nation for us. And we went through the very similar times to push through and become a, a nation that believed in itself. Again, that's what I would like to see, you know, is for American people who have great faith in, we, we start believing in ourselves again and in each other. So, you know, you what are, what are some of the trunk projects that you've always thought would make great movies?


You know, things that you wish somebody had made but they've, but they've never made before. 'cause I know that anybody who even watches a lot of movies, they've thought, man, I wish they'd make a movie about X, Y, or Z. Oh, right. Well I have one right now on that I would really want to do about the Lakota Sioux Crazy Horse. You know, that story has never been told from the native point of view. And I have a book now that is the oral history of Crazy Horse's family that's told to this writer. And as the history goes back to the mid 17 hundreds, there were three crazy horses.


The first one was actually there when Lewis and Clark came through the second, the, the second. It was the father of Crazy Horse and you know, the Intertribal Wars and stuff. And then, then Crazy Horse. And then his, his, his, his nephew was great nephew, was killed in World War I and their, the family is there today. And it's a very interesting story told from their point of view. Okay, final question for you. I gotta find out. What are your like top five movies? Not the ones that you're in necessarily? It can be, but it doesn't have to. Right? What the, the, you have to go to a desert island. You bring five movies. What, what? Well, Lawrence of Arabia, it's a Masterpiece.


Godfather one and two. That's one movie. Yes. Okay. That's, so that's I cheat the same way when asked this question. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I have to man, you get, you get me started in Scorsese. The, that's, you know, the Wizard of Oz is a beautiful film. You know, what it, what it means. And I really love that movie. Lion. Yeah. Was small, but it, it really was huge in, in my mind and the Notebook because it took me a long time to watch that movie. But it gets me every time. I can't believe it. Well, the, the movie is wonderful.


You're wonderful in it. And thank you so much for taking the time to stop by. I really appreciate it. Thank you Ben. I really had a good time, man. Thank you. That was awesome. The Ben Shapiro's Sunday special is produced by Savannah Morris and Matt Kem. Associate producers are Jake Pollock and John Crick. Production intern is Sarah Steele. Editing is by Olivia Stewart. Audio is mixed by Mike Corina. Camera and Lighting is by Zach gta, hair, makeup and Wardrobe by Fabiola Christina. Title graphics are by Cynthia Angulo, executive assistant Kelly Carvallo. Executive in charge of production is David Wus, executive producer Justin Siegel, executive producer Jeremy Boring.


The Ben. Shapiro Show Sunday Special is a Daily Wire production. Copyright Daily Wire 2024.