
Mayflower cigars. Where will the voyage take? You honor a legacy steeped in tradition and excellence with Mayflower cigars. Each vila is handcrafted, blended, and aged for and until precisely the right time from dawn to dusk. Go to mayflower cigars.com today and see where the voyage takes you. You must be 21 years old or older to order some exclusions. Apply.


Let them expose themselves. Let them do the work. I I don't have to explain to the audience or explain to the the person why they're wrong. Let them expose that and then we're gonna put it on display. Probably a lot of them are sitting kind of nervous right now and, and thinking about embarrassing things they said and, and thinking like, God, I hope that didn't make it into the film. I could tell them right now. It did. And, and to Robin DiAngelo in particular. There's one moment that she's thinking, oh my gosh, I hope that's not in there. Oh, it is Robin. Oh, it is On today's episode of the Sunday Special I. sit down with the man. the myth, the fearless leader of the Sweet Baby Gang Daily Wire is very own Matt Walsh.


Matt's latest exercise in trolling in the Libs Am I Racist premieres in theater September 13th. He's here to talk about the making of the documentary and the rotten ideas. It exposes, you know, Matt Bass from the Matt Walsh Show, where his political commentary and cultural critiques highlight our nation's most alarming trend. Walsh is also the bestselling author of the children's book, Johnny the Walrus, which playfully points to the absurdity of transgender ideology in 2022. Walsh's first documentary film. What is a woman when viral around the globe? For his clever expose of the gender medicine Grift Walsh's knack revealing lives with satire has been captured once again, an Am I Racist, where the toxicity of racial equity is on full display. In, the film Matt infiltrates a White Privilege Grief Workshop. He disguises himself as the DEI consultants, the queen of the anti-racist Robin DiAngelo.


All the while he threads the needle for us as viewers on the profound anti-Americanism that undergirds all of it. Today, Matt and I discussed the making of the film, his observations on the interviewees, and the most sinister aspects of wokeness. All of us here at Daily Wire cannot wait for the rest of the nation to see the film and grapple with the reality of the grift of the DEI industry. Don't miss this inside. Look at mi racist out in theaters. September 13th, welcome back to another episode of the Sunday Special. Matt Walsh, the star of Am, I Racist, thanks so much for stopping by. Great To be here again, As always.


It's amazing to see you. So let's talk about, you know, I did this show like seven years ago, right? Really? It's been that long. Yeah. You remember that? Not at all. I feel like I've seen you since. Yeah, probably. Wow. Wow. That was the, it was actually the first interview I ever did in my life. Really? Yeah. It was terrible. I was really bad. Wow. Well, you, you've certainly improved in so many of your qualities. Although the beard is, did you have a beard at the time? It was more like your sad excuse for a beard at The time. Right? That's, that's Hard. I've learned to hide my face since then. Yeah. The key to my Success, it actually, in this movie, it sort of is the key to your success as it turns out. So let's talk about the origins of Am I Racist. So you make, what is a woman the best documentary of the last 10 years with director Justin Folk.


And, and then we're trying to figure out here at Daily Wire what you do next. And you come up with this. So where, where did this come from? Well, we knew we wanted to explore, the first question is like, what, what issue do you want to get into next? And, and, and it was pretty obvious we wanted to get into race and an the anti-racism, grift and DEI and all that stuff. And then the next question is like, well, well, how do you approach it? And of course, with what is a woman? The whole kind of premise of the film is just me going around and asking very, very simple questions. Remaining like a, a blank slate. Not really skeptical, but also not believing anybody the whole time. I think we, we knew with the, with this issue that that strategy probably doesn't work as well, and we don't wanna just do the same thing over again.


So our idea with this was like, well, what if we start in the same place? I start by just asking questions, but rather than remaining a blank slate, if I just take everything I'm told and believe it uncritically and then try to put it into practice, and like, where, where will that take us? And so it was really, it made it, it made it fun, but also challenging because we didn't, when we started making the film, we, we honestly didn't know where it would go or what the film would, would be in its final at the end. But it's, I Mean, it's a pretty audacious move. I mean, it's as a terrible actor myself who's now been in multiple films being a terrible actor. I mean, do you have any acting background?


Because you actually have to do some, some acting in this film. 'cause obviously you're not somebody who tends to believe things easily. I think that that's fair to say. You are not somebody who would uncritically accept the, the kinda stupidities of, of DEI. But In, the film, you kind of gradually are, are eaten by the machine that is DEI. Yeah. So you had to do something different. Do you have any acting background? How was that? I do, I've, I have actually have an extensive acting background. I was in a, a critically claimed performance in a film called Lady Ballers. That's True. And that's pretty much it. That's the only, that's the only, what I found is there's a little bit of acting in this film. There is. And I, my process for acting is I, what I've, what I did was, I, I I thought I pretended that's the whole, that's, I figured out that's what acting is.


Wow. Just pretend. That's Incredible. That's my whole process. Wow. Like from beginning to end A to Z. So you just pretend. Just Pretend. That's amazing. That's the whole thing with acting. It's actually, it's actually kind of easy. Like I think anyone can be a passable actor. It probably takes talent to be a really, really good one. You know? So is that like, like since childhood you've been able to pretend just in that way? Well, yeah. Every child can. So I think every, I think every, yeah, every adult has it in them to be a good actor. Because as a kid it comes naturally To you. And it's true. You're so filled with joy, like childlike wonder that, that, you know, you just bring that back to the fore my inner child. It, it spills out of you. Like bobble from a, from a fountain of jewels.


It's pretty incredible. In any case, to get back, I, I wanna start this, this interview by playing a clip from the, from the film Am I Racist. Which by the way, everybody should obviously go check out Am I Racist dot com and pre-buy your tickets if you've not already, which you should have. But this is a clip from near the beginning of the film. Why don't you tee up the clip that we're about to play. This is sort of the very beginning of the film. Yeah. This is, this is very early on. And we discovered that, you know, there are these workshops that I guess we asked ourselves like, if I wanna start this journey, where should I begin? Fortunately, there are a lot of DEI certified experts out there offering their services for, for a fee.


Sometimes they're quite handsome fee. And they have all kinds of workshops. And so we, we, we looked into these workshops and one that we found was a workshop for your white grief to work through. If you as a white person feel grief and guilt over your privilege, which I of course do, I have a lot of grief. I all the time, a lot of guilt. I, I'm Catholic, I carry around a lot of guilt because, you know, ca we as Catholics, we have a lot of Catholic guilt. So I figured this is a good place to start to kind of unpack as they would say, a lot of that and go into this, to this workshop. We all sit around, as you'll see, it's like, looks like an AA meeting. Basically a bunch of white people. There's a black woman who's the leader of the group instructing us.


We were told when we first started, one of the, one of the rules is that if you're a white person in the group and you start to get emotional and cry, you can't cry in the group because white tears are manipulative. So there's a cry room that you can go to. Even to the other white people. Yes. Wow. They don't want to see your white tears. No white tears. We got into it and I discovered as we were sitting in the group and, and talking about it and going around in circles and answering questions, I started to get pretty emotional. It was, it was, it was much more, it was much heavier than I thought it was going to be, I guess. And so I had to leave to go to the cry room at one point.


And while I was in the cry room, unfortunately a couple of the people in the group realized who I was. They put two and two together, they talked to the other people in the group, told 'em who I really was. And this clip picks up with me, reemerging from the cry room, drying my eyes off. And then this is what happens. The white participants in the group feel that there's something in themselves that they have to overcome when all that's being requested of you is that you be, hello. Hi. How are you? How are you? Sorry about that. Oh, no problem. You good? Yeah. Yeah. Remind me of your name again.


S Steven. Steven? Yeah. Okay. Did, do you wanna come up Come up? Yeah. Do you wanna come up and share anything? Sure. What do you want me to share? Whatever's on your mind. I Just wanna know that like my physical safety and yours and everybody else is here is, okay. Why would your physical safety not be okay? Did I miss something? I don't feel comfortable. What? Can you guys catch me up to Speed on What's going on here? You don't need to be caught up. We're gonna be silent. Is it? 'cause I said I had 17 black friends. It might have been 15. I, it depends on how you count them.


I would really appreciate it if you left, so that the people who actually want to be here and deserve to be here can get what they need. I do wanna be here. Can you please leave? I would like it if You left. I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. I'm with me. Well, thank you. I didn't, I didn't consent to be touched. I'm not offering to touch you. I'm offering to walk you out. Will you walk with me and I'll answer your questions? Okay. I'll admit it. I'll admit it. My name's not Steven. Maybe you already knew that. My name is Matt Walsh. We know I just was here on this, on this journey that I'm just starting. But I see that I'm not wanted, If you were on your journey then you would've told us who you were, your real name, but you didn't, Are you saying I needed an defender disguise?


Is that what you, I don't know. Maybe, but you can figure that out as you walk out the door. An Invitation. Maybe that question. Yeah, maybe. Thank you so much. I really had a transformative experience myself and my pronouns are he him 25 14. I did everything I could to fit in. I opened up, I was raw and emotional. I told them about my black friends. There was no use. They rejected me and they called the police. My mere presence in the room caused them pain.


I'll never be accepted if I look like this. If they know that I'm Matt Walsh, I'll always be an outsider. I need to go deeper, undercover, a whole new identity. If I wanna be an ally, I need to look like one, like someone who is progressive, tolerant, enlightened. Let me think if I ever met anyone like that. Ah, yes. Yes, I have. What is a woman? Why do you ask that question?


Am I, Racist rated PG 13 by tickets now. So That's the origin, that's the like the superhero origin story. Yeah. That's where the costume comes from. Yeah. And, and it, it is amazing. I mean, you were able to get into extraordinary spaces by wearing a man bun and some very thin frame glasses. Yeah. You wouldn't, you wouldn't think it'd be enough. But it, it, it's sort of similar to what we experienced with what is a woman. When we were able to talk to people that we didn't think, we get the same question with what is a woman? How, how did you get those people to talk to you? And, and the answer is, it's kinda the same in both cases that a lot of these people live in a bubble where they just, they can't even imagine that anybody would ever try to challenge them or embarrass them or expose them in any way because they've never been around that ever.


They've never been around anyone who would actually do anything but fall to their knees and admiration of them. And so I think we were able to kind of take advantage of that sort of arrogance of these people. Well, what's amazing about this, this sort of film is, is that, as you say, because they think that you're one of them, they say things a lot of these people that they would never say in a public setting against somebody who's adversarial. Actually, now that I think about it, I actually did something similar when I wrote a book called Primetime Propaganda about sort of the insider Hollywood story. And I just sent out a bunch of emails as well before I was much more well known. And they said, and it said I was a graduate of Harvard Law School, my name was Ben Shapiro. And so people immediately assumed that because my last name was Shapiro and I went to Harvard Law School, I must be on the left.


'cause obviously Jewish liberal from, from Harvard law. And so instead of wearing Ayaka, I would wear a Harvard law baseball cap just walking in interviews and people would just say the thing. And, and a lot of this movie is that. So number one, how did you get all these people in the room with you apparently. I mean, we saw the budget, I know the budget. So it was not cheap to get many of these people in the room. There's a good living being made by DEI consultants. Yeah. That, that's, that's the answer right there. A lot, most of the people we talked to were willing to perhaps even put their better judgment to the side if, if, if we just pay their fee. Which of course is, is funny because they also claim that they're, you know, that they're fighting racism and they're, you know, they, they want to get that the word out about that.


But, but they, they'll only do it if you, if you pay them. And so that's one thing we do In the film, is we, we tell the audience very directly like, this is how much we, this person charged us to talk to them. And you're gonna see that some of the price tags are quite substantial. And I think for, for folks who don't actually understand how, how deep rooted this is in American society, you know, I think most Americans, they look at this like, this is very Frenchy and not, not that many people that I think normies know goes to a white guilt seminar where they weep about, you know, their, their exposure to, to white privilege and, and all of this sort of stuff. Most people are, are presumably not doing as we'll.


See in another clip, a dinner party with Sarah. I Rao we'll get to that in a minute. But, you know, thi this does pervade all of American society. I mean it's baked into law, it's baked into employment policies at a wide variety of companies. According to Kamala Harris's baked into her policies as, as would be president Equity is pervading all parts of the federal government. May maybe you can explain for a second, like why Americans should really care about DEI. It's become a buzzword on the right, but for a lot of people, they don't necessarily understand what it is. Yeah, I well I think the fact that most Americans aren't sitting around in a circle at a white grief seminar or going to race to dinner event, that that's sort of the point. That's why it matters because most people are not true believers like this. They want nothing to do with this craziness.


And yet, like the people you see, In the film are the ones who are coming up with these programs that are then foisted on normal Americans at their jobs. So maybe in your free time, you're not choosing to go to something like this. But the problem is that this stuff is brought to you in places where there's no reason why we would be there. The fact that you just wanna work, you know, you're working a job has nothing to do with any of this, and yet you're being forced to at the, at at the very least, listen to this sort of lecturing, if not actively affirm it in a lot of cases. So this is why we have to care about it because we really have no, have no choice.


I wish we were in a position where we could look at some of these people In the film and say, yeah, who, who ca total fringe doesn't matter what they say is totally irrelevant. I wanna get to a point where it is irrelevant, but right now it's not. So when you were preparing for the film, did you have to read a lot of the, the tomes from, from these people? One of the people who you get In the film is Robin DiAngelo, the author of White Fragility, which is one of the bestselling anti-racist books of the last 10 years. It sold hundreds of thousands of copies. It was used as sort of the guide for the pathetic white people during the race riots of, of 2020 during the George Floyd uprising. Did you have to read through a lot of this material in order to prep for the film? There's only so much that I can subject myself to.


I, I, I certainly, I listened to several lectures from these people. I did read Robin DAngelo's book, white Fragility. Truly an awful piece of It. It's, it's horrific. I mean it's just, and it's also just, By the way folks, if you wanna see like a full scale review of that, I, I think I once did like an hour and a half review of this on YouTube where I want like point by point the Robin DiAngelo at such trash. And yeah, I think I, I talked to you before we went, we went and interviewed her too. 'cause I knew you were the resident Robin DiAngelo expert. So, you know, from reading the book that it's not only like the ideas are terrible obviously, but it's also just bad writing. It's a, it's a slog to get through. There's nothing entertaining. It's, it's just like being, being, being nagged while you sit there for, for three hours reading this book.


It's just a very unpleasant experience. And I figure once you read one book, that's, that's the other thing. It's like once you've read one of these books, you get the idea. It's, it's, it's always the same thing. It's the same ideas. All the people we talk to In, the film, they all have the same central, it's the same central thesis, which is that white people are inherently racist and are the villains of history. And that's pretty much it. That's the, that's the idea. That's the starting Point, right? And the way they define racism is that they're participants in a system that perpetuates racism as Zebra x Kendi one suggested he was asked to define racism and he said a system that perpetuates racist ideas for racist purposes, which of course is not a definition of a term. You cannot define a term by using that same term.


If I ask you to define shoe and you say, well it's a shoe that fits on your foot, that, that has not helped in, in any way, shape, or form. But Yeah, we, there was a, a moment in time when we slightly toyed with the idea that like, maybe this movie should really be called what is a racist? Because, because that we found that that that right there is actually a question that trips these people up, which is just that like, what, what is race? Like what is racism? And with Irai, Kendi is is not the only one who can't really define it. Because if he gives the actual answer, which of course is, it's not complicated. Like if you hate someone because of their race, if you think another race is inferior to your own, then you're racist.


That's basically what racism is. But they don't wanna say that because then that number one, that implicates all racists, potentially anyone could be racist. They don't wanna accept that. And number two, they know that most people don't feel that way. And so mo if if that's the definition of racism, the average person will hear that and think, okay, yeah, I don't, I legitimately don't feel that way about other races. I'm not racist. So these people have nothing to say to me. I'm, I'm free. But they don't, Well, it's a power game. It's, it's about implicating a system. They're not interested in implicating individuals only in so far as they can then use those people as an attack on the broader quote unquote racist system. And, and the way that they define racism is any system that perpetuates in, in inequality in outcome between two groups is a racist system.


And the way you can tell that the system perpetuates the inequality is that the inequality exists. So if there's any inequality of result between white people and black people in any, in any measure of American except athletics in any measure of American life, then it must be that this is a racist system and it's been set up by the group that is predominantly successful in order to victimize the other groups. So success equals racism in this particular way of viewing the world, which is why Asians are now white adjacent because Asians are too successful. It's why Jews went from being Jewish to being white. It, it's why if you are a black person and you are too successful and you vote Republican, you are now considered white because you can't be part of that, that institutional structure. It's a, it's all ridiculous. Power games masquerading using the words that we all fought, that we knew when we were growing up in the 1990s.


Everybody knew what a racist was, wasn't like you had to like go through all these hoops to try and figure out what the hell it meant. It wasn't particularly complicated. And so you would see something racist and you would call it out and everybody sort of agreed on it and then we'd all move on with our lives. But that wasn't enough for these people because what it really is a Marxist revolution in the guise of, of race speak. And you know, they, they're, they're lying about it and that's why they can't define it. 'cause if they wanted to define it, it'd become clear. That's also why they, part of the game is especially if they want to implicate Asians and even some black people as being somehow part partly white. The way they do that of course is they just, you just tack on ness at the end. Whiteness. And so you turn, you know, it's like they've turned racism into this kind of amorphous concept and then they turn being white into an amorphous concept too, where it's, it's, yeah, if you have skin, we consider white then you than you're part of whiteness, but you can be a part of whiteness and not even be white.


And we, we find that out In the film also. That's, that's a theme they return to quite often is there's white people and then there's whiteness. And whiteness is a, is a terrible thing. It's a, it's a, a cancer, you know, it's a disease we have to eradicate. We get to more with Matt in just one second. First,


the IDF is on high alert. In preparation for yet another attack, hospitals have prepared themselves to deal with mass casualties. Major airlines have halted flights into Menor Airport. In Tel Aviv, Israelis have been told to prepare for at least three days without power and electricity. In the event of an attack. Israelis across the country could be forced to spend days or even weeks in bomb shelters. While these shelters do keep Israelis safe, they need to be equipped with basic essentials for survival, including food and water. The fellowship has launched a project to immediately equip bomb shelters with emergency food boxes for Israelis who have to remain there in case of an Iranian attack. 10,000 of these food boxes have already been delivered, where preparing to deliver thousands more in Northern Israel. The IFCJ has delivered firefighting equipment, protective equipment for hospitals to bulletproof vehicles, much more to enhance security and protect both ordinary citizens and first responders. They're on the ground, they're working around the clock. We are looking for 300 more listeners to join me by donating a hundred bucks to meet these urgent security needs. Thanks to a generous IFCJ supporter, your gifts will be matched doubling your impact in the holy land. I'm so grateful for my loyal listeners because we're so close to hitting our goal. So we need all the support we can get. We have just a few days left until this match campaign ends on September 8th to give to IF cj, visit Ben for the fellowship.org. That's ben for the fellowship.org. God bless and thank you.


So, you know, I I think people don't understand how much work it takes to put into a film. They, they watch the final product and unless you've actually lived it the way that you did, it's very difficult for the audience to see all the work that goes into doing something like this. And just for, for the sake of, of people understanding, how much time did you have to spend on the road? How much prep was this? How, how, what was, what was your life like while filming this? Yeah, it was, I wanna say it was probably about almost 18 months of production on this. And, and that means just us on the road going around talking to people dozens and dozens of hours of, of footage that you then have to take. And, and especially with a film like this, you know, it's, it's because you're kind of figuring out the story as you go along.


And so you shoot a lot of stuff and then you go back in and you figure out what the story is and you build it out from there. So yeah, it's a, it's a a lot of time and, and a lot of work, but it's, it's quite, it's quite rewarding work. I think it's, it's even more rewarding than like the work that goes, in my opinion, the work that goes into a podcast because you, people don't, people listen to a podcast and think that there's no work that goes into that. Like we don't have real jobs, which, you know, maybe is fair, but it actually is a lot of work that goes into it. But the problem is that you do a podcast, you give your take on whatever the news of the day is and then tomorrow there's new news and no one cares about what you say yesterday.


So everything lives for like 12 hours. You do a film, there's a lot more work that goes into it upfront. But hopefully if it's successful, it's, it, it's, it will be relevant for more than a day. And that's what I, that's what I love about it. And one, one of the things that you obviously have for rely very heavily on it in on in both what is a woman and an Am. I Racist is the fact that you have the world's best deadpan. So I have to ask, how was this cultivated? Is this a, is this a sort of natural persona that the deadpan, how do you not break like it when, when I watched What is a woman for the first time and people were saying ridiculous things and you were just absolutely stone faced. I mean, I'm okay at it. I'm to to pretty good somewhere in the mid range. You're like extraordinary levels of, of deadpan.


And then there's a lot of that in this movie as here you actually have to act as though you are sympathetic to the, to the things that people are saying, which I think is actually in some ways, in some ways harder, in some ways easier. First of all, which one did you find harder to, to keep a straight face or to, or to sort of mimic sympathy for, for the positions? I mean, you go pretty far here. I mean, there are times here where you're actually crying. There are times where like that, that that's some pretty solid pretending as you say. Yeah, it's hard to say. I mean, the answer of doing the deadpan is it's just, I'm, I guess I'm a, I was born without a soul. I don't know. I don't have, I was, I'm an emotionless freak, I suppose is, is the answer. People ask me that all the time. Well, how do you manage that? Like, it's just how, it's just, that's how I am.


I guess. I, you know, I guess when you, when you have this thing of not showing emotions, you have to find a way to channel it. Did you, did you have to cry on cue? Like, did you have to make yourself cry in the, in the course of the filming? Yeah. Yeah. What did, did you think of like a teddy bear being burned or like what? Like how did you No, I honestly, I just thought to myself, well what would it look like if I pretended to cry? You know? That's the whole, I can't even, I can't, I'd be the worst guest on like inside the actor studio or something. We're, we're finding that out, right, right This moment I have no, I don't know, I just, well, how did you pretend to do that? I don't know. I just pretended Yeah, I that that's it.


You're good at pretending. That's all I'll say. I mean, you are good at pretending and I cannot cry on cue that that'd be a, that'd be a thing. Yeah, The, but it is, the hardest part is always for, in both of the films is when you're in the room with just really terrible people who are saying awful things. So it's not like I have to hold myself from laughing. It's like holding myself from laughing is not a problem for me. Holding myself from yelling at them and saying, you effing more on, what are you talking about? That actually does take effort. So that's, that's the difficulty there. And really in both films, it was, it was very good that we had a great team behind us, Justin fo as director, who could kind of keep me on target because in both films I got to a certain point where I said, I, we gotta stop doing it this way.


I just put me in a room with one of these people so I can yell at them and argue with them. Like, let you know, let's, let's just totally change the direction of this film and just make it that I gotta, I gotta go right at these people. And in both cases they kind of pulled me back and, and, and I'm glad that they did because like in the moment you, you almost feel there's anger you have to suppress. And I almost feel, it almost feels like this feels wrong. I shouldn't let you say this to me in any other context of my life. If anyone said this stuff to me, I would never let them get away with it. But you have to remember that what we're doing, we're trying to do here something here a little bit more sophisticated. This is not just, you know, debating or whatever.


This is like, let them, let, let them expose themselves, let them do the work. I I don't have to explain to the audience or explain to the the person why they're wrong. Let them expose that and then we're gonna put it on display. Well, speaking of putting it on display, I wanna show everybody another scene from the film. This is one of the funniest scenes In, the film there, there's a lot In the film. It's really, really funny. So why don't you introduce what's happening in this clip? Who are these people? So this is Race to Dinner. And when we, when we first decided to make this movie, this was the, this my, my, the first thing I said to the team is like, I want to get on race to dinner. We have to find a way to get to race to dinner because I'd heard of this race to dinner thing years ago.


These are two women Cyber Row and I believe Regina Jackson is the other one. And they, and they've been doing this for several years now. And their whole thing is they go, they go around the country and they go to dinners and they sit at a dinner table with, with white women, only white women. And they sit there for two hours eating dinner and explaining to the white women why they are racist and horrible and just really kind of breaking them down. It, it's like, it's honestly, and you'll see In, the film, it's like a, it is a, it's, it's probably the first real brainwashing session, real intense brainwashing session that I have personally witnessed.


Kind of breaking them down, letting them know that they're pieces of garbage, they're nothing. And you can kind of see it happening. And this is what these women do. They go around the country and they charge money. You know, they're, they're paid thousands of dollars to come to dinner and call people racist now. So we, we knew we wanted this in the movie somehow. First thought was of course was it'd be great if I could attend a dinner and sit there and be a part of it. And we tried to make that happen and we discovered that no, you, you have to be a woman. You actually have to be a biological woman. Mm. They had another way of putting it. They said, I forget what they said. They said you had, you had to be socialized as a woman. That was their way of putting it. But really it meant you have to actually be a woman to be at the table. So that wasn't gonna work for me, unfortunately.


And so we came up with a new plan. I was like, well maybe I can, I can't be at the table, but maybe I can get into the room another way. And we set it up so that it just so happened that I was working for the company that was catering this dinner. And so I got to, I got to be a waiter at the dinner. But we, I went in with the goal of I'm in the room, I gotta find a way to sit at the table, I gotta earn my seat at the table. And that's how I'll know that I've really moved to the next stage in my anti-racist journey. And so I think that this, that's where this clip picks up. I used to be a white woman, an unsuccessful one for many decades.


And it was a miserable experience. And really the, the, the hatred of yourselves in each other is like the most, the not seeing your power, the being afraid. Like all you do is talk about each other. Talk about yourself. Oh my God, I'm so fat. That's all They do. That's all they do. I'm telling you these white women. But it's, it's, that's it. Sorry, it's, I'm so fat, I'm so stupid. I'm blah blah blah. Sorry, Your kids are watching you and they're watching you talking about each other, you know, raging against a machine or being silent or whatever the hell it is that you're doing or not doing.


And they know that you're not doing for Them. That's so important. That is so important, what you just said. It's, it's really important. That's all. We May have to add Gene to our team. Oh, I would love to take a seat and join you Back. No, you're not allowed to. Okay. Definitely not allowed. Okay. I do have my, I have my DEI certification that I, that I got. Okay. Okay. Not saying I'm an expert, but I'm also not a novice, so Okay. Why people are starved for these conversations. We are, we're so starving. Yeah. We are so starving for this. Anyone else wanna say anything? I'll just say one thing. I'm so glad we can have these conversations and I, and I'll be done.


But I'm just so glad that we could all get together to have these conversations. That's all I wanted to say. Thank you. Is he an actor and he's doing, are you an actor? Oh no. Can you let us, we're trying to listen and trying to have this conversation. Okay. You know, we're all acting all the time in our lives and, and I think that that's part of the problem, you know, that it's like we're all trying to play a part rather than just being real and having these uncomfortable conversations. And that's what I'm always trying to tell people. Especially, you know, white women, no offense, but No, but see like you're a white dude, there's power positions and Yeah. You know, it's pointing, pointing white people, pointing fingers at each other is not helpful.


You know, I've been on this journey for so long and just to see you guys at the table having this conversation has been really enlightening for me. Anyway, I got the DEI certification and I'm just on the journey. Alright, you ladies have a great one. Okay. Decolonize yourself. Do your own white supremacy, dismantling, and then you can start to be Yes. To bring in other people. Can I just, can I just say one last thing? Can I just propose a toast? I mean, just raise a glass if you're racist.


And that's the thing. Cheers. Oh, I'm not racist. Let me a racist. Well, all the rest of it's a racist. Ah, it's so good. Well, I earned my seat at the table. You did? No, in the end. So I mean obviously this is all improv. I mean, there're no lines written when you're walking into something like that. Oh yeah. No, no, no. Yeah, yeah. So I mean, how, how do you make those decisions in the moment? Because it, I mean we, I I've been in debate situations, obviously uncomfortable situations, many of them. But like having the audacity to sort of walk around and say that sort of stuff to people and then just like, take a seat and, and like did you do a lot of pranking people when you were younger or what?


Like what's, what's the backstory Here? Yeah, I mean I did, but most people yeah, when they, when they've watched scenes like that, they say, well it seems so uncomfortable. Like why, how did you deal with that? It's like, it's a lot of fun. I mean, you, you think it'd be uncomfortable, but, and it is like, it's, it's super uncomfortable, but it's also a lot of fun because, you know, it's like, it gives you, we're making a film and so it kind of gives me a license to say things and do things I wouldn't otherwise do. And, and, and also Frankly like, it, it's also fun to make a dinner like that uncomfortable. These are people that, that richly deserve it. So Did you know you were gonna give a toast to racism at the end of that or That was like legitimately a spur of the moment thing.


We Knew we wanted to end on a toast that was, so we had, we had, the only thing we had planned was we wanted to end on a toast and if we could get them to participate in a toast to racist, that'd be fantastic. Of course, as you saw they did. So we knew that. And that was pretty much it. Like that, that was the end point. And the rest of it was just, we will see how they respond. We honestly didn't know. I, I thought that there was a pretty good chance that the first time I interjected they would kick me out, tell me to leave. They didn't. Another thing we discovered that's, it's another in, it's like an interesting psychological thing we found making these movies that people just don't, they don't want to get up and leave situations and they don't wanna tell you to leave.


Like, people are willing to put up with way more than you think. So It it, it is incredible. I mean, how you don't break character. How did you not break character there? I mean that's, it's it's, The mask helped. Yeah. That we're, we're laughing underneath the mask a little bit. Yeah. The the, the mask up. We, we, that's another thing that we used that was a little bit of a, I guess a behind the scenes. Some of the, the way the sausage is made here is that we were able to, you know, this is, this is, we started making this movie about a year and a half ago. So it was kind of after the mask craze. But still even now, like if you go to really little, If you're a lefty, you can get away with that 10 years from now. For sure. And so all the places we're going are like far left space spaces. And so, you know that that's an, we could use that to our advantage.


I can walk into a place, have a mask on, they can't que not only can they not question it, but, and not only does it disguise your identity a little bit, but it actually gives you more credibility. Like now I'm more liberal than you, I'm actually taking your health into consideration here. So that was, that was nice that, that worked out. So, ha have you had any feedback from any of the people who are in the trailer? So obviously Robin DiAngelo shows up in the trailer, Sarah Rauch shows up in the, in in the trailer. Have any of these people reached out and been upset or, or Not yet? No, not yet. I i, I kind of expected that they would, but on the other hand, I guess there's not a lot they can say. Maybe. I'm sure eventually they'll, they'll come out maybe once the movie comes out.


Probably a lot of them are sitting kind of nervous right now and, and thinking about embarrassing things they said and, and thinking like, gotta hope that didn't make it into the film. I could tell them right now. It did. And, and to Robin DiAngelo in particular, there's one moment that she's thinking, oh my gosh, I hope that's not in there. Oh it is Robin. Oh, it is. So what, what was your favorite scene to film in in this movie? That's a great question. There, there's a, at the very end of the film, I don't wanna give too much away, but it's in the trailer, you can see that we, that's by the end I have become a DEI expert myself.


And if you're a DEI expert, what do you do? You have a, a seminar and you know, you start dispensing advice yourself. So by the end of the film I was holding my own DEI seminars for people who came to be instructed, you know, and how to, how to decolonize themselves and so on. And I had a lot of fun with that. That was a lot of fun. And as you'll see, In the film. And What, what was your least favorite thing to, to film? Probably the, the support group scene. Because looking back on it now, it, it's, it, it worked out pretty well and it's, it's a lot of fun to watch. But that was also, you also have to keep in mind that all this stuff In the film, these are like, some of this stuff is hours long.


I mean, that race to dinner, we were there for an hour and a half, two hours. This is a really long time to be in these environments and that support group, you know, I, I was probably there for two hours sitting in a circle with these people. It's just, just imagine what that would be like. And it's like, it's, it's not pleasant at all. So on, on a personal level, you and I've talked a little bit about this, but it, five years ago you were somewhat well known. Now obviously you're incredibly well known. What is a woman is a huge hit. This is going to be an enormous hit. You, you're really, really well known a across the country. How has that changed your life? Have you dealt with that? Yeah, it, it, it helps that I kind of, that I, I live with, you know, I, I don't go out much.


I'm, I'm a recluse and I just live with my kids and my wife and you know, we're, I'm just at my house all the time and even before all this, it's like I don't really wanna go anywhere. So that kind of helps. And, and it's like when you're, when you're at your house with your family, you don't, you know, it's the rest of the world. It doesn't, doesn't matter. Oh yeah, no. You're on the phone with somebody important and your kids are crying and somebody needs a diaper changed and your wife's exactly hang up the phone and you're like, there's things going on. Exactly. Or even, you know, you're, you're trending on Twitter. People are mad at you for something and if you're in like media personality mode and you're at work and I find that that stuff can, can bother me more. I'm more aware of that. But then it is kind of a magical thing that you can go, like so much of that exists just like in this little box and you can go home and just like put the box down and it's, it's like, it's not even happening.


Which is kind of a power move to know that in this little box there are thousands of people that are really mad at you and yelling at you and you're, and you're just with your kid reading them a book. Oh, a hundred percent. That's why my favorite thing on Twitter is to, on Xes to, to mute people. I never block anybody, but I, I definitely mute a lot of people. Oh, I, I have, I've discovered the power of muting. It took me a long time. It's great. It's It's amazing. It's great. They're just ranting into the void thinking that you're sitting there reading their dumb comments and you're not, and you can't even see them. Like there, there are people who have for years have yelled at me and I have not heard a word of it. They have spent probably hundreds of tweets yelling at me, this Is the ai a development that I want brought to like the actual real worlds that you just go out in public and somebody's gonna say something mad just and then they just don't exist to you.


That'd be, that'd be absolutely wonderful. And Then, and then the good thing is, I know we talked about this a little bit off air, but the, of course not surprisingly, people are much more bold on the internet than they are in real life. And it's, it's a really interesting thing that like if you were to follow me on Twitter or you on Twitter and see the kinda reaction we get, you would think that when we go out in public, like half of the people that come up to us hate our guts and are like throwing tomatoes at us and kicking us out and saying they'll come around here. It's like almost never happens. I go out in public and it's 99.9999% of the time if anyone talks to me, they're really friendly and you know, they're just very supportive and they're wonderful saying very nice things.


It's like the very rare occasion when anyone says anything even remotely negative in person, all of that, almost all of it lives in the little box. So to get back to the, the film itself, so obviously you're taking on DEI, it's a big topic. It's obviously a big topic in this presidential election and it's the undercurrent to the presidential election that we are not allowed to speak about. And as I've said before, the media like to play the sort of bizarre who's on first game where they're like, we are appointing the first black woman vice president and it's so important. You're like, that's kinda racist. And they're like, what's racist? Like to appoint somebody on the basis of being black and woman like no, that's racist. Like what's racist that you said that you're pointing her only 'cause she's a black and a woman. You're like, well, but you just said that. Like no, no, but when we say it, it's not racist when you say it, it's racist.


It's this whole bizarre game. Now how much does you know, the DEI mentality infect our politics and and what does it mean for this particular presidential election? Yeah, well that's when we call her the DEI president as you said. That's, that's, we're just taking them at their own word and, and Joe Biden, this, this is what happens if you announce ahead of time that I'm only looking for, now you could claim, you could try to claim that, that the most you could claim is that well she was the best black woman who was available and that I don't buy either. But that's, that's the most you could say because you announced ahead of time that you're only looking in that particular category of people.


So yeah, it's a, it's A-A-D-E-I president and in a, in a way I guess it's, it's, it's sort of good because it, it brings us to the forefront and the reality is that, you know, having a DEI president is a troubling thought. It's, it's even more troubling to me to think about having a DEI airline pilot or you know, heart surgeon. And the truth is that this stuff infects all those industries also. So, you know, the, the aftermath of what is a woman turned into a fair bit of activism and the third act of what is a woman is all about you taking the fight to the left, you know, going after places that are transing the kids trying to go to states and say that this, this has to stop, that this is, this is cruel.


It's unusual. I mean it's basically a violation of the eighth amendment that it's, it's it's terrifying and horrifying and, and you're actually taking action when it comes to DEI. What are, what are the sort of solutions that you hope that people take away from the film? Well, they're their political solutions. Some of which, you know, Donald Trump has talked about outlawing programs that exclude people on the basis of race, which are already supposed to be outlawed. Most of that stuff is, is like flagrantly illegal already. So shutting that down, which a lot of that could be done on a policy level. I think a lot of the other changes I think could be made relatively easily with just lawsuits.


But, but people that are affected by this stuff need to file lawsuits. And we've seen a little bit of that happening already. And yeah, we have an activist court system and all of that, but even so, I mean it, this stuff is so flagrantly illegal that, that I think a lot of it only remains in place because it hasn't been challenged in the courts. And so that has to happen. And then I think even, and then, and then there's kinda the cultural level too similar with what is a woman that there were, there were laws that needed to be changed. A lot of those laws have been changed. Policies need to be put in place. A lot of them have been, not all of them, but a lot of them have been put in place. But then there's the cultural level of people need to not be afraid when it comes to what is a woman, you know, need to not be afraid to say what they know is true.


Which is that, you know, we all know what a woman is. We all know that it's wrong to do this to kids and we all know it. So let's like all like live it as, as though we know it. Let's have the kind of culture that is totally intolerant of that kind of madness. And I think we've, we're starting to see that change culturally with, on the gender stuff. I think it needs to happen on the race stuff too, because even if we make all the political changes that we need to make, we still have a problem. If you have like white people walking around feeling burdened by guilt for things they didn't do that, nothing to do with them, that's just totally misplaced, ambiguous kind of guilt that they, that a lot of these people just carry around and, and we have to get rid of that.


It's like, it's actually kind of a freeing message. It's not that we're not saying that, that we all should be, we all, you know, have things we've done that are wrong. And so if you feel guilt, there might be other things you've actually done in your life you need to explore, but you don't, you don't carry any sins around because of what people of your race did or didn't do a hundred years ago, 200 years ago. So one of the arguments that I've heard on the right, I'm sure you've heard it also, is that we've hit peak woke that we're actually on the other side of Woke Mountain and that it's all downhill from here after spending this much time in woke Oakland. You know what, what, what is your takeaway? Are we at peak woke? Have we reached it? Where do you think we stand? I I mean the answer is, I don't know.


I wish I had an answer to that. I, I I would like to think yes. And if I were to say yes, it would, it would be because it's, it, it, it does seem like the culture is a little bit less tolerant of some of the crazier woke ideas than they were even three years ago. Like for example, when we did what his woman, we did the man on the street interviews, we walked and this was, we were filming it three years ago. We went to many different cities and we, we just talked normal people walking around and asked them basic questions about gender. What is a woman? Is it okay for boys to go into the girls' room? That kind of stuff. And we found that the vast majority of people that we talked to, no matter where we went in the country, either didn't want talk about it, were terrified to talk about it on camera, or gave answers that we could tell they didn't really believe.


I think that if we went around and did man the street interviews now in the same exact places asking the same questions, I think we would get different answers. I think we'd find a lot more people that'd be willing to say, yeah, a woman is a, a female. No, of course a boy can't go in the girl's room. That's ridiculous. I think that, and some of it's like anecdotal, it's just a sort of feel, you know, it's a it's a vibe I'm getting. And I think that's probably the case with the race stuff too. So that would be an argument that maybe we have reached peak woke. The argument against that view, I guess is just that this, this stuff is so deeply embedded that even if culturally, like even if the, the average Joe on the street has woken up to a lot of this, we still have the institutions that run society and those are still as crazy far left wing as they've ever been.


And to change that is gonna take, we're not lucky enough to just for that to be something we can change in a couple of years. Like that's a generational struggle. You know, some something like reclaiming academia. That's, that's decades of work to do that. So that's my, that's my non-answer. I'm kind of, yeah, I mean, so when, when you, you know, look at the, the people who you're profiling here, some of them are just absolute grifters. I mean, as you say, one of the things that happens, In the film, is you show the amounts of money that had to be paid in order to get these people in the room. And they're making absolute bank. I mean, Robin DiAngelo is making a lot of money doing this script, so you understand why she's doing it.


She's doing it because it's a wonderfully lucrative grift. The, the question is that, you know, you having now inhabited this character, yes, it's pretend, but also, you know, you actually have to try, I assume, to think about what it would be like to be that person in order to be that person. You know? Where do you think the attendees at, at Sarah Rao are, are coming from? Like what would motivate a human being to shell out thousands of dollars to go listen to Robin DiAngelo? Not to mock her or to expose her, but to actually take her seriously. What is the mindset of a country that takes these people seriously? I think for those individual people, I, I, I would like to think it's as simple as a, a virtue signal and they're trying to impress their liberal, liberal friends or whatever. And I'm sure there's some of that, but you don't sit around the table and pay money to endure that just as a virtue signal.


I think you're there because at some fundamental level you really believe it. And so for those people, they are true believers. And, and I think that if this issue in particular, if I were to psychoanalyze, I think a lot of it does come down to guilt and people are carrying around a lot of guilt. Everyone carries around guilt. And part of the problem is that in the past we had a way of understanding the guilt that we all feel, and you understood it in a religious context. You understood it as a spiritual problem. And there was also a remedy, which changes from religion to religion. But every religion has like a remedy for the guilt. Like, here's what you do with that.


The, the religion says to you, you feel guilty, you should, 'cause here are bad things that, that you're doing. Here's what you do about that. Here's what you do with that. And as we become a secular society, we don't have that message anymore. So people, people still have the guilt though. And so they're like looking around like, what, why do I feel this way? What do I do with this? How do I explain it? And then you have the DEI grifters the race grifters that come in with an answer. And their answer is, well, it's 'cause you're, it's 'cause you're white. 'cause it's, it's, it's, it's all racial. And, and by the way, here's what you can do to atone for that. Now, for people who aren't white, it, it's still a similar thing because another thing people can walk around feeling is, you know, you feel like you're not where you wanna be in life.


You feel like you haven't progressed as much as you want. You know, you have a, you know, we all have to a certain extent or another like an inferiority complex, you know? And so the message from the race scripters, if you're in the non-white category is, yeah, well you, you know, you feel that way because there's this conspiracy against you by these people over here. And so we're gonna give you a way to channel those feelings. And so I, I think that's what's happening with a lot of these people. Yeah. That, that's such a great point about, you know, the kind of misinterpretation of guilt. Because as you say, most mainstream religions will say that there are activities that human beings participate, that we all sin. That's just what we are. That we both have an identity problem because we're sinful creatures or creatures capable of sin.


But, but also because we sin, I mean, on a daily basis, you're gonna make mistakes. You're gonna break the rules. You're gonna do things deliberately that, you know, violate the rules. And that's, that's a sin. And then you have to address yourself with God and make yourself right with your fellow human being and God, in order to alleviate all that. And secular leftism says there's no such thing as sin. Sin doesn't actually exist. So when it comes to your own personal activity, there's what the state says is wrong, which is not quite a sin, it's just kinda what the state says is wrong. But there, there's no reason for you to ever feel guilty about the things that you do. The the, there's only, but, but that guilt has to go somewhere. So maybe you should feel guilty about the thing that you are, but not how you identify yourself. How about the things that are immutable? So we moved from you feeling guilty about the things that are mutable about you, namely your actions, your attitudes toward the world, the things that you do in the world to guilt about the things that are immutable about you, your race, your sex, the, the, the things you were born with, right?


All, all of that's the stuff that you, and, and I guess that's a good way of avoiding the guilt because as soon as you declare that you're guilty for having done that, there's literally nothing more you can do. There's no there, there's no actual corrective action you can take to fix immutable guilt. Immutable guilt is upon you. And so the minute you acknowledge it, it's now been expiated and There's a certain amount of pride. 'cause in a religious context, yes, it's, it's about pointing you towards, yes, there are sins you're committing, you shouldn't commit them, but there isn't, or at least there shouldn't be any pride in the religious person of like recognizing that something is a sin. But over here there's a certain pride for the white person who says, oh yeah, I'm, I, you know, I'm, I'm guilty of being white.


And the moment they acknowledge that, then they, it is like they, they take this almost weird sick pride in the fact that they realize how terrible they are for being white. And they get to feel, now they'll, they'll say all the time that they, they're not better than anybody else, but they clearly feel like they're better than than the average white person for having recognized this about themselves. And then, and you, you know, they feel that way because then a lot of them will turn around And lecture the other white people Right. And lecture the other way and charge money to because, 'cause now they are part of the enlightened few. Yeah. So you become a licensed DEI expert In the film. How hard was it to penetrate these circles and because then you actually In the film, it's not really a giveaway 'cause there's a clip of it.


You actually end up like giving DEI advice to people, how hard was it to penetrate this industry Once you have your DEI certification, which I assume comes with some sort of cracker jack box or something. Not hard at all. Extremely easy. It was, it's very easy to get certified and it's, once you are certified, it's very easy to get anywhere you want. Like, it, it really does. That might change now. But when we made the film, at least when we were in production, it, it, it really does open up like any door that you want to open probably 'cause it just, it again, it never occurred to them that anybody would be as terrible as we are and exploit it in this way.


So, I don't know, I I, I might've ruined it for the next person who wants to come along and, And destroy the entire industry now. So there goes a multi-billion dollar industry, Matt saying it to take out the transing of the kids industry and now you're taking out the DEI industry just single handedly destroying the American economy. It's just, it's just causing a new great depression. Unbelievable this guy. That's the hope. And so let, so, alright, give me, gimme your quick five second, oh not five seconds, but gimme your quick TED talk spiel. You're the DEI expert put on, put on the persona. Pitch me on on the DEI Ted talk here. Well look, it, it, what I discovered with, with being a DEI trainer myself is that, you know, you, you don't, you're not saying anything.


You just have to have, there's certain buzzwords you have to know and you just have to keep coming back to those buzz buzzwords. A big one is decolonize yourself, decolonize your whiteness. I still don't know what that I, honest to God, I'm not just saying I don't know what that means. After, after producing this film for a year and a half and hearing it a million times, I don't know what it means. I don't, but it doesn't matter. That's the great thing about it. Just say it. It's just all you have to do is say to someone, you have to decolonize, you have to decolonize your whiteness. And if you look serious while you say it, that's that's it. They're not gonna ask you, you know, what do you mean by that? Because the other thing we discovered is that the people you're talking to, they don't want to admit that they don't know what you're saying.


'cause they feel like they should know these terms. That's a, that's one of the, the, the tools of the, the woke trade here is that they use the, they use these totally made up terms and they throw them into conversation and they know the people listening aren't gonna want to ask. Like, what does that mean? Because if you, if you ask that question, it means that you're not, you've already exposed yourself as not like part of the club. So everybody just sits there and they, and they, and they listen and they nod along. So Decolonize yourself is a, is a big one. Whiteness is a big one journey. We're always going on a journey. We're always, we're always on a journey somewhere. It's not about the, it's not about the destination, it's just you're on the journey and you just kind of circle around those, those themes over and over and over again.


It never ends.


Well if, if you've not yet bought your ticket, folks, you really need to mi racist.com to buy your tickets, man. It's gonna be in theaters, obviously. September 13th, congratulations on another phenomenal piece of work that took an enormous amount of effort. It's gonna destroy again another entire swath of the left wing economy. So I can't wait to see what you do next, and I'm slightly horrified to find out what the pitch will be. Well, thanks for having me.


The Ben Shapiro Sunday special is produced by Savannah Morris and Matt Kemp. Associate producers are Jake Pollock and John Crick. Production intern is Sarah Steele. Editing is by Jeff Tomlin. Audio is mixed by Mike Corina. Camera and lighting is by Zach gta, hair, makeup, and Wardrobe by FAA Christina. Title graphics are by Cynthia Angulo, executive assistant Kelly Carvallo. Executive in charge of production is David Waris, executive producer Justin Siegel, executive producer Jeremy Boring. The Ben Shapiro Show Sunday Special is a Daily Wire production copyright Daily Wire 2024


Reasons to Vote for Democrats. A comprehensive guide by Michael Knowles is the most exhaustively, researched and coherently argued case for the Democratic Party to date. The book is one that Donald Trump himself even called a great book for your reading enjoyment. Plus, it's a must have addition to any political observer's coffee table. Head over to Daily Wire dot com slash shop to get your copy today. Warning this book is intentionally left blank. Side effects for voting Democrat man include feelings of hopelessness, depression, anxiety, and reduced testosterone, increased crime, higher taxes, rampant abortions, and a strained relationship with your father.