
Well, folks, we had a lot of interviews, a lot of sit downs with a wide variety of Pix four President Trump's cabinet. And today we're gonna go through some of the best moments from The Ben Shapiro Show, The Sunday Special on The Search, featuring leaders of the next Trump administration. Here's some of what it sounds like. Here's some of my conversation with Vice President-Elect JD Vance. I, I really think that Trump's major appeal more than anything else is one, is something that he has said many times, which is, they don't hate you because they hate me. They hate me because they hate you. And I, and I think that's right for, for so many Americans. Yeah, I think that's, that's very smart. And it, it, it's, it extends like further, it's not just about criticism of them personally, which I, I do think a lot of people feel to their core.


It's also about the things that they hold dear, right? The, the, this wasn't true when Bill Clinton was running for political office. It, it wasn't true, by the way, when Barack Obama was running for political office. I actually, you know, I I I sort of, one of my favorite like lines to give in speeches is that I, I give a paraphrase line from a Barack Obama speech in 2007 or 2008 when he was running for president, where it, it's, it's basically, you know, the quote goes something like, you know, I really don't like it when people bring non-American flags to protest in America. When I see a guy waving a Mexican flag in American protest, I get a flash of resentment. And, you know, you give that speech to college educated audiences in 2017, 2018, and you see people shift in their chairs.


They're like, oh, where is this going? This guy's a little uncomfortable. And then you say, well, Barack Obama said that, like, you know, eight years ago, 10 years ago. And they're like, oh, wow. That's, that's surprising. And it just goes to show how different it is that people are talking about these issues. But you, to, to go back to this sort of, people feel insulted personally, but they also feel insulted, I think about core parts of their identity. So my grandparents, again, classic Blue dog Democrats, but like when you talk to them about World War ii, and they were kids in World War ii, like, you know, my, my my, my grandma's older siblings and her father were, were in the Navy. My grandfather didn't fight in the war. You just missed this sort of age cutoff. I think it was 16 when the war ended.


They, they get, they would get like teary-eyed, right? I mean, it was this incredibly proud moment of American history. And that moment was important to them as people, right? Their identity as Americans who felt that their country was good, was really important to them. And of course, there are all kinds of things that America has done wrong. You sort of have to issue that caveat. But people like, you know, they recognize that there are a lot of things wrong with their family. They still love their family. They still think things are good. The, the, the American nation is in a lot of sense, a a sort of extended family for a lot of people. They care about its history, they're proud of its history. And if you're operating assumption as a potential leader of American politics, is not that America's made some mistakes, but America's fundamentally terrible, then a lot of people are gonna feel personally insulted because America is something they actually care about.


It's not just fake. And I actually think that this is, it sort of reveals the cynicism of a lot of our sort of leadership class in the country is I don't think that they were, well, they were caught off guard by the reaction that a lot of people had to this, because they really don't think that patriotism is something that folks actually feel, right? They think it's all manufactured. They think it's all like, you know, Koch brothers or somebody else's propaganda to make people feel, feel good about America. But a lot of people actually just feel good about America because they care about it and it's theirs and they love it. And if that feeling is genuine, it's, it's very often, I think, foreign to a lot of folks in America's leadership. Now, take a listen to a bit of my conversation with Secretary of Homeland Security nominee Kristy Nome, the broader mission, which is to fight a, an overwhelming left change in the country that's not relegated to President Trump.


And I think you made that clear in your speech. I did. I talked about why America needs conservatives, and it's a belief system that this country was founded on, that we believe and that we wanna protect because it really is what has given us the opportunity to be successful in the most exceptional nation in the world for hundreds of years. The left has gotten extremely far out there. I tell people all the time that I knew I served with extremists when I was in Congress. What's changed the last couple of years is they're so proud of it. They're so boldly declaring their embracement of socialism and communist principles and values, that that is a dramatic shift that we've seen in the last few years. And that's why Republicans are united around the conservative message and will continue to defend our history, our leaders that led us through challenging times.


They had flaws, but they also did incredible things for us and our children and grandchildren. And that we need to continue to talk about the value that that applies to today's culture and our government as well. There's a very specific reason that our founders gave the federal government very limited powers. They wanted the vast majority of the power to remain with the states and with the people. And we're gonna have to continue to educate folks on why that is important, and then show to them that it really does work and create a better situation for their families. That's what we did here in South Dakota. We've talked for years in this state about our conservative values. We put them into place this year, and we're showing that it really does work, and it really is the best path to success.


Here's a previous discussion I had with Secretary of Defense nominee, Pete Hegseth. They're gonna start to return back, I would think, for many of them to what they really were supposed to be doing in the first place. Oh, the incentive is having more ammo and more training, not more diversity trainings. How about we do that? I I do think it's the type of institution that can turn differently than, say, a department of education, which we should just get rid of completely. Or if you weren't gonna get rid of, you couldn't, you couldn't pull the roots out fast enough or hard enough, because I think the core of that Pentagon would be with all of those moves, most of your oh sixes and oh sevens and oh fives and e sevens and e eights who fought these wars and saw the nonsense and people serve with people who were killed will say, yeah, yeah, let's get back to the real right now.


And they would do it. And then you switch the military academies and you say, we're not teaching DEI anymore. We're, and then more importantly, I think you go back to standards across the military and say, whatever the standards were in 19 80, 19 96, those are the standards. You know, like whatever it took to pass ranger school or airborne school or become a Marine or whatever. I mean, i, I just, and that doesn't mean going backwards. It means returning to colorblind standards, returning to gen, gender affirming or gender recognizing standards. To use the wrong phrase, men and women are different. There's a whole chapter on, on that. You know, the, one of the examples I use in the book is the Marine Corps. When Obama wanted to push women in combat, the Marine Corps did a study.


And this study was let's test 400 male marines versus 300 male Marines and a hundred female marines together, and a grueling exercise of test. And shocker, the 400 male Marines crushed the whole thing. And this was a 300, 100, not a 200, 200. I mean, this is, and what did Ray Mavis, the Secretary of the Navy do? Like, you know, throw the study out because it's not what the political folks wanted, even though they were told, if you do a study and it shows differences, whoever was involved in any of those types of things, you can see the door and you'll be replaced by a junior officer who can be promoted more quickly. There's huge, I mean, I didn't get into it in this book, but there's huge issues with a promotion system that yes, it's a meritocracy, but there's incredible limits on who could move as quickly.


So you've got little Eisenhower out there who are stuck at Captain Rank for six years, even though they should be a lieutenant colonel based on what they're capable of doing. So there's things you can change there too, that are long haul, but a lot of firings. And then hire the, whoever made Maverick the movie and say, make me, you know, a dozen ads for every branch of the military that showed just bat dudes getting to work and, and get ready for an influx of young men under a commander-in-chief, they respect to come on it. And guess what? Don't bring any of your, your your, don't bring any of your racist crap. Don't, there's not already an issue. That's my my point is like, that's not an issue.


So we don't have to worry about the issues. The reason I say that is because that's what the left will say. The left will say, oh, it's, it's, it's Donald Trump's shock troops coming in, you know, Donald Trump's shock troops are the guy you went to synagogue with, or the guy I went to church with who decided not to join the military, but instead now is working for the power company or doing construction, but otherwise would've, would've joined. And they go to church and they have families and kids, and they're productive and they work hard, and they're, and they're good, honest people. And I lay out in the book those types of guys I went to school with in high school, some of which probably would've been toxic males if they hadn't been forged through the military.


And then they ca wounded in combat silver stars, like just amazing guys, or they were just patriotic and they were, were kind of wimps, but they went into the military and then they served 20 years and now they're lieutenant colonels and they're, you know, large and in charge and military forged them too. Right now, we're not recruiting either of those groups. So you recruit those groups with, with a different ethos of the entire military, you could be back in the game. Moving on to a conversation I had with Trump's un ambassador nominee, Elisa Fannick, There's nothing racist about wanting a secure border. There's nothing racist about opposing mass amnesty. And Democrats are the party that's been advocating very publicly for decades now, that they want, one of the reasons that they wanna pursue amnesty for illegal immigrants, giving them the right to vote, is to have a permanent liberal election majority.


And I wanna quote the Center of American Progress in 2013, said, quote, supporting real immigration reform that contains a pathway to CI citizenship for our nation's 11 million undocumented immigrants is the only way to maintain electoral strength in the future. That's from Center for the American Progress. They say this explicitly every day. They have for two decades for me to call and put up an AB saying, we want border security and we wanna oppose amnesty. That's where mainstream Americans are. There's nothing racist about that statement. You know what this really is, Ben, as you pointed out, Republicans are winning across the board. We are growing our base. We are growing supporters of the Republican party. We have earned historic support among, among Hispanic voters, among African American voters, among Asian American voters.


And on the issue of immigration, on the issue of securing our borders on the issue of opposing amnesty, Republicans are winning by double digit margins because the American people don't want these failed open border policies. Democrats are going to lose, they are getting desperate. They are doing smears to anyone and anything. And they are just, again, this is what they have said themselves, that they believe that. Again, look at Politico, they published pumping as many as 11 million new Hispanic voters into the electorate a decade from now in ways that if current trends hold would produce an electoral bonanza for Democrats and cripple Republican prospects in many states, they now win easily. This is what those same publications have said themselves.


Now take a listen to a bit of my discussion with harm Dillon, the assistant's attorney general first civil rights nominee. In your opinion, what, what is the state of election law in the various states across the country? How much should be we be worried on the one side about voter suppression, which is what Democrats claim it on on the other side, how much should we, we be deeply worried about, you know, heavy levels of voter fraud, not occasional voter fraud, which of course is going to occur in a country with hundreds of millions of voters, but you know, really heavy election shifting voter fraud, Right? So the place to start that conversation is the fact that the United States Constitution reserves for the states, the time, place, and manner of elections are meant to be determined by state legislatures, not state attorneys general, not state Supreme Court justices, but only legislatures.


So that's, that's the basic bedrock principle around which all of these decisions must flow. So everything that, that is happening in Congress right now to try to federalize our elections, unfortunately both parties have gone along with some aspects of that already. We already do have two federal election laws, national Voting Rights Act, and Help America Vote Act, well-meaning laws that in fact are either ignored or simply are funding mechanisms for some of the disasters that we saw in the 2020 election. So in terms of your question about is there widespread voter fraud in the United States, there is voter fraud. The question is, is it of a sufficient degree to change the outcome of an election?


And I certainly, I think we've seen at the local level and in some states, as some of the practices that we saw in the 2020 election were truly outrageous. The left is trying to tell us that voter suppression is a current issue in 2022 in this country. And, and look, I'm an immigrant to this country, and I can tell you that this country has the freest access to the vote for people of all colors and backgrounds and even, you know, places of origin like myself, of any country in the world. And so that is true of people in Georgia. That is true of people in any place in the South. That is true of people in minority communities in California.


It is, it is, I would say it is because of the fact that we don't monitor our voter roles very well. It is almost too free to vote. It would be much more legitimate to require some form of id as many states do. Legally we don't have that. So it is all too free to be allowed to vote in this country. And so the myth of voter suppression or race-based voter suppression in this country, or voter suppression, because partisan poll were partisan, activists cannot give out gifts in the line to vote. This is a foul lie being pushed by the left that is, is truly shocking.


And the people who are saying it know better, We'll get to more on this in just one second.


First, in an uncertain economic landscape, smart investors are paying attention to the signs with increased tariffs, reshaping our trade relationships and sweeping changes to taxes and regulations. There's just one investment vehicle that tends to stand the test of time. Gold. That's why I'm excited to tell you about a groundbreaking resource for my trusted partner, Birch Gold Group. They've now released the ultimate guide for gold in the Trump era, featuring an exclusive forward by Donald Trump Jr. The numbers don't lie. Our national debt keeps climbing in with it, the interest payments that burden our economy. In these challenging times, gold is still your hedge against a weakened dollar. And Birch Gold is still the company I trust to help you convert an existing IRA or 401k into a tax sheltered IRA in Gold Tech spend to 98 98 98 for a free copy of the Ultimate Guide for Gold in the Trump era. There's no obligation, only information with an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau. Countless five star views, thousands of happy customers. You too can trust Birch Gold. Text my name Ben to the number 98. 98 98 today. Obviously been working with Birch Gold four years. I own precious metals because of Birch Gold. Check them right now. Text my name Ben, the number 98. 98 98. Ask all of your questions and then diversify at least a little bit into precious metals.


Moving on to an insightful conversation I had with RFK, junior Secretary of Health and Human Services nominee, I wanted to ask you about what, what your solutions are to that, because we can talk about the defense budget, but the reality is two thirds of the American budget is entitlement programs that nobody wants to touch. Well, the, the, the biggest, the biggest cost is our medical costs and the medical costs are preventable. And you know, this goes to another issue which neither ever talk about, which is the, which I believe is the biggest tissue, which is the chronic, even bigger than the budget. The which is existential, which is the chronic disease epidemic. When my uncle was president, 6% of Americans had chronic disease.


Today, 60% have chronic disease. And, and that more than any country in the world, I mean, one of the reasons we had during COID, we had the highest death rate, the highest body count of any country in the world. We had 16% of the covid deaths globally. Were in the United States. We only have 4.2% of the girl world's population, CD and a lot of that was mismanagement, but a lot of it was also because we have the highest chronic disease burden of any country in the world. The CDC says that the average American who died from Covid had 3.8 chronic diseases. Now you take these chronic disease individually, juvenile diabetes, when I was a kid, a typical pediatrician would see one case of juvenile diabetes in his lifetime, his entire career, 40 year career.


Today, one out of every three children who walk into his office is pre-diabetic or diabetic. The cost of diabetes now in this country is higher than the defense budget, one disease. And that doesn't even include Alzheimer's, which we now know, which has now been reclassified as as di type type three diabetes, Alzheimer's coming from the same cause that's causing the diabetes, which is food. It's poisoned food. We have a thousand ingredients in our food that are banned in Europe and other countries, and they're killing us. Literally. The autism rate in our country has gone from one in 10,000 in my generation, 70-year-old men, one in 10,000 has full-blown autism in my kids' generation.


It's won in every 34 kids according to CDC one in every 22 boys. So this is a national security issue, it's the, the cost Mark Black will just publish a peer review publication that shows that the cost of treating autism alone is a trillion dollars a year. So this is, like I say, this is existential for us. And then there, there's all these other disease that suddenly appeared around 1989, all these allergic diseases, food allergies, peanut allergies, eczema, asthma exploded. We had that early, you know, when I was a kid there were, I, I knew people with asthma.


But today they're in every classroom. There's albuterol inhalers in every classroom. There's EpiPens in every classroom. Nobody's talking about this and explaining why the neurological disorders, A-D-D-A-D-H-D, speech, delay language, late ticks, Tourette syndrome, narcolepsy, a SD, autism, all these are, are, are, are diseases that we never, I never heard of when I was a kid. Nobody ever knew about 'em. They were unknown, you know, to, and any except for esoteric specialties and the, and the medical profession, the, the, the autoimmune diseases that suddenly explode. I mean, most of my are, the, the great bulk of my followers are young people.


And I do selfie lines after herpes speech. And they, one at a time, they come up to me and say, I have pods. I have, you know, a DHD, I have all these autoimmune diseases and rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile diabetes, lupus, Crohn's disease, things that we never heard of when I was a kid. Suddenly there exploded. And then, and then all of these other, you know, the, the autoimmune, the allergic diseases than neurological diseases and obesity, my uncle was president, 13% of kids were obese. Today, it's almost 50%. So, you know, and that this is killing us as a country in so many ways, not only national security in our ability to find people who will actually defend this, who are in shape enough to defend this country, but the cost of it is 4.3 trillion a year.


So it is five times our defense budget. Now take a listen to a bit of my conversation with FDA commissioner nominee Dr. Marty McCarey. We need good research on the microbiome. We need to repeat clinical trials that were only done once before we create entire guidelines. Sometimes up to 40% of everything we do in medicine gets reversed when a second study eventually gets funded. But pharma is not interested in a second repeat study if the first study shows some marginal benefit. And the old guard dinosaur professors at the NIH are set in their ways. I mean, we saw a little glimpse of that during covid, a group of se doctors in their seventies and eighties deciding what's gonna get research and what's not.


And it turns out there was no research funding for natural immunity or vaccine complications or actually study the effectiveness of cloth masks or even require a clinical trial on covid vaccine boosters. So they weaponized research and it's a much bigger problem beyond covid. I don't talk about covid much in the book, it's too tribal. People are sick of it. But this is a peak into a broader medical establishment. Maybe we need to talk about treating more diabetes with cooking classes instead of just throwing insulin at people. Maybe we need to talk about school lunch programs, not just putting every kid on ozempic. Maybe we need to talk about environmental exposures that cause cancer, not just the chemo to treat it. We need to talk about food as medicine and general body inflammation and the microbiome.


Let's move on to two great conversations I previously had with Vic Ramis Swami, department of Government Efficiency co-lead at nominee. So what, what does Americanism look like, definitionally from where you sit? Yeah, so look, I I do fall in the camp of believing the thing that makes the United States of America unique is that we are bound by a set of ideals. And that's different than the blood and soil vision of American identity. And I, and I do think that that's gaining currency. It's popular, I'm empathetic to it, but I think that that fails the blood and soil vision fails. First of all, our national identity will always then be thinner than that of somewhere like Japan or Italy for that matter, right? Or Israel, like these are countries where you have deep blood and soil connections, genetic lineages dating back or religious ties like that is not the United States America.


So if we pretend that somebody's more American because they've been here for seven generations versus somebody who's only been here for two or one, well guess what? Our national identity is always gonna be a weaker form than that existing in, in most other countries. In fact, most other countries have that, not only a stronger claim on that national identity, but it also denies the possibility of American exceptionalism, which is this idea that the United States, which I, which actually buy into this idea that the United States of America is exceptional relative to all other nations across time and space because of the common ideals that otherwise brought together a divided and, and even in some ways polyglot group of people, religiously diverse group of people in a way that's never been done in human history. And so what are those ideals? I think that they're foundational ideals embodied in the Declaration of Independence in the US Constitution.


I think the idea that we, the people actually can be trusted to govern ourselves for better or for worse, which acknowledges that we're gonna be trade offs. Sometimes we'll get it wrong, but that is who we are. That's what made America great the first time. The idea that you get to speak your mind openly and express any opinion, no matter what that opinion is, no matter how heinous it is to me, the fact that you get to express that opinion as long as I get to in return, the fact that you get to practice your religion, whatever that religion is, as long as you're not hurting somebody else in the process. As long as I get to in return the idea of merit, right? Merit I think is at the heart of the American identity. And, and what is merit or what is a meritocracy? I think it's a system that a recognizes that not everyone, in fact, decisively, everyone does not have the same God-given gifts.


It acknowledges that. And yet still says that we create a space, a nation that allows you to achieve the maximum of your God-given potential, even though that's different from mine or anybody else's, your God-given potential, you can maximize that God-given potential in this country without any government or system standing in your way. That I think those, I think begin to form the beginnings of an American identity grounded in the rule of law. Something that we say is, you know, we, we, a nation without border is not a nation, but that's an extension of the fact that we're a nation founded on the rule of law. So I think those basic ideals, free speech, open debate, free expression, free exercise of your own religion meritocracy, the best person getting the job regardless of their genetics, the commitment to self-governance, for better or for worse, the idea that the people we elect to run the government are the ones who run the government rather than unelected or enlightened bureaucrats as it's been done in most nations across human history and even most nations on earth today.


Those are unique American ideals, and that's what I believe makes American exceptionalism possible. That I believe is our identity. I think that, you know, there, there's a phrase there that's been used on, on sort of the post libertarian, right? That, you know, I, I don't agree with them on a lot of things, but I think the phrase is, is correct. You have to know what time it is. I mean, the, the fact is that people on the right very often refuse to acknowledge what time it is. Yeah. And it forces that have been raid against them. And so they get very nervous about the listen, I'm nervous about the idea of the government utilizing power on behalf of quote unquote rightwing interests as well, because again, my congenital belief is that the government should stay out of these things, but if the only ability, if, if the two choices are we lose or we fight it back to a standstill, but the hope that eventually we get back to the libertarian agreement.


I'm gonna pick the second every single time I, I agree with you. So, so I think, I think you and I are actually more, even more similar than I, that I know we're pretty similar in our perspective. I, I think so there's another interesting observation to make about these sort of two branches of the conservative movement here. We, we just talked about sort of the, the, the content of the differences. I think there's another difference so that it kind of complicates this, and you, you, if I heard between the lines correctly, tell me if I did, was sort of your implicit critique of the post libertarian right? Might relate to this, which is that like the libertarian right, can, can sort of argumentatively joust according to first principles, okay? That there are, there's a set of principles, right?


That, you know, maybe at risk of being completely blind to present realities and a combination of not just the blindness, but the lack of courage is actually what I call it, to take up the full extent of what you actually believe, right? Okay. I somehow the civil rights acts and the protected classes are sacrosanct and we can't touch them, right? But we're gonna pretend like the free market starts where those men That's right. While actually having the law create the very conditions for, for viewpoint based discrimination, discrim de platforming firing, whatever else it is. And same thing by the way, we'll take the ESG driven control of capital markets as given, but then somehow any, any everything push against outside Of that free Market exactly. Everything outside of that free market that we have to flash, freeze the present and then assume here and forward that, that that model doesn't work. So we, we talked about that the problem with much of the, you know, the post libertarian, right, or or what you could call lowercase b populist right, or whatever is that it doesn't rest on a philosophy or, or set of principles, right?


It's an emotion that is frustrated correctly. So by the way, with the failures of courage and the failures of, of eye-opening, of opening one's eyes of the classical conservative sort of, you know, neoliberal, right? Neo libertarian, right? But also frustrated with the actual victory, the winning that you refer to on the left. And so, so I think what we need, what we, what sort of the future of the conservative movement demands is bringing the intellectual rigor of actually having a principled ordered worldview from the historically classical, right? But applying that to a starting point and a status quo that re that, that recognizes the fact that we're not starting from neutral territory. Well this is, we're not starting with a whiteboard and, and like we as a movement have not done the hard work of defining what that affirmative vision actually is, as opposed to saying that, you know, fight back and get fight fire with fire, right?


Neutral, like, like, you know, yeah. I mean like, like, okay that, that might be like a short term like strategy to a stalemate, but like we are from there, okay, the libertarian, classical liberal Milton Friedman Knight worldview had a vision of what that society looks like. Okay? For whatever reason, the people who have espoused that mantle do not have the political courage will or ability to drive and recreate a worldview by undoing the damage that's been done for, for the last 67 years of policymaking in this country. Fine. If we're then gonna take that as given what is our ordered worldview that we will advance as a north star guiding set of principles of the conservative movement. I mean, that was, I I will not claim to have done that in my new book, but that was a project that I, that I at least attempted to begin in my new book that's coming out next month.


But this is the conversation we need to, we need to have Now take a listen to parts of a stimulating conversation I had with Elon Musk, the co-lead nominee for the Department of Governmental efficiency. What, what do you see as the obstacles to companies being successful increasingly in the West, if there is, if there are obstacles to, to that? Well, I think excess regulation, you know, taxes do rat up every year making a little difficult, little harder every year as taxes rat up. But the, the regulatory creep is I think a massive danger. So laws, regulations are immortal, but the regulators and the lawmakers make new rules, regulations, and laws, regulations every year.


And so you have this, so every year you've got this sort of another layer of laws, regulations, it starts getting to the point where everything's legal, you can't get anything done. Now the, you say, well, how, how did they deal with it in the past? Well, the way they dealt with it in the past would, there'd be a war and the war would wash away the, the old rules and laws and regulations. That's, that's would, would literally would take a war to, to change things. You know, like Napoleon, you know, establishing the Napoleonic code from the, that overrode the, the old law systems of the sort of lords and the Lords and peasants.


And it was, you know, for, for all that the bad that, that Napoleon did, I think he did. Well, good actually. So the evidence is in, in that I think maybe a third or a half of all countries on earth still run on the Napoleon code. So now we, we prefer to have some cleanup process for laws and regulations that doesn't require war. That'd be nice, I think. And I think that's something we need to institute, like basically garbage collection for laws and regulations. And one, one of the things that, that has been suggested, there's a book called the Sovereign Individual written in the late nineties that that basically suggested that we are entering the era of avoidance, that people are gonna be able to be sovereigns.


You talked about sovereign health earlier, not, you know, king of something, but you are the, the head of your companies. And so in the future, people will just be able to move money around, locate to where the regulations are, the friendliest. And so the United States right now thinks that we have the advantage because we historically have, but that doesn't mean that that's how it's gonna go in the future. You're seeing more and more companies, for example, going to Singapore or going elsewhere just to, you know, move away from those regulations. So avoidance, which wasn't the strategy in 17th century France, where you're gonna go exactly. Is now a very real set of possibilities for, for a lot of entrepreneurs. Yeah. Well, and regulation in the US varies by state as well. California is the most regulated state. So increasingly people seek to do things outside of California or outside of New York.


Those are the two most heavily regulated states. So, you know, given all those things, it's, do you think that there's gonna be a backlash to regulation in America or do you think that the west is sort of America being a stand in for that sliding into this morass of regulation based on, honestly it looks like to a certain extent, jealousy, it looks like trying to tear down success in the name of fairness as opposed to Well, I mean there's two different things. There's, there's, there's regulations which intended to serve the public good, you know, rules against one, one thing or another likely car industry gets, you know, has lots of rules and what and how to make a car.


I mean this, there'll be like piles of books in this room to cover just the US regulations, what's required to build a car. Tho those are at least extensively aimed, they're aimed for, for safety. But, you know, in terms of other regulations, yeah, I think generally we, we want to be averse to any regulation that is anti meritocratic. You know, the, you know, the point of fighting racism, sexism, and whatnot is, was, was not to replace it with another form of racism and sexism, but, but, but to, it was rather to get rid of racism and get rid of sexism, you know, not, not change it to another form.


And DEI is is fundamentally racist and sexist. I think there's the fundamental distinction between innovators and business people and people in the free market and PO and the political class, the political pla class operates almost solely on the basis that the pie is fixed. Because if the pie is fixed, then the way that you get elected is by promising more of that pie to such and such a person. Or you promise that by seizing money from the private sector, you're personally gonna grow the pie. Yes. And it seems, it seems to me if the, that the first mark of a politician you shouldn't listen to is I can fix all of your problems. And that basically rules out nearly everybody because it seems like everyone in the political class is into the I can fix all of your problems when it seems like what I actually need is people who are entrepreneurial and innovative to solve this problem in front of me, right?


So that we can then, you know, move on to the next problem that's in front of them. Yeah, I I basically, the reality is that when that is that the government is really just a corporation in the limit. Government is the ultimate corporation. It's not different for a corporation, it's just the ultimate corporation and it's a corporation that is monopoly and, and, and also it, it can't go bankrupt unless the country goes bankrupt and has a monopoly on violence. So how much do you want to, how much more do you want to give to the world, the world's biggest corporation that has had that has monopoly on violence? Probably not, probably less. And I mean, if you look at say countries like East and West Germany or North and South Korea's, it's cases where there's just an arbitrary line that's been drawn like could, used to one country, arbitrary line is drawn because of a war.


What is the productivity difference from one to the other? You know, west Germany had a pro productivity five times greater than East Germany. That that's just, and and it's sort like West Germany was just ba the sort of bastion of capitalism. They're like half cooked socialist. So even with, if you're so, so whether that means if they have socialists and the other side is, is a hundred percent socialist or communist, then you really have something like a 10 to one difference in productivity. If something is done by the government or done by the private sector, that's why you, it is, but I'm not someone who says abolish the government. I just say let's have the government do the least amount because the, the, the less the government does, the more the economy will prosper.


Because anything done by the government, it's gonna be five toton time, five to 10 times less efficient. Like think of the DMV, I'm, I'm trying not to, but yes, last but not least, here's a listen to a recent conversation I had with Representative Mike Waltz, Trump's nominee for National Security advisor. I, I served, I went to Virginia Military Institute, I served 27 years. A lot of it in the reserves in special forces. I don't know, many people realize both the Navy Seals and Army Green Berets have reserve units. So I kind of have a day job. I built a company I worked in in the Bush administration in the Pentagon. I had to be one of the only idiots that was writing the strategy, briefing the strategy.


Then I would get mobilized with my reserve unit and have to go actually do the strategy and, and out there with my guys who would then say, who the hell thought this was a good idea? Yeah, right. The interesting part, Ben would then be taking the uniform off, coming back into the kind of policy apparatus and saying, Hey boss, you know, this isn't working. I was just out there on the ground. You're getting fed a line of crap from the kind of blob and, you know, try to fix it. So I did that back and forth a number of times and you know, both worked in the White House, worked in the Pentagon, worked out an industry, I've got more scar tissue from contracting officers in, in, in government and trying to do business with our own government than I do from the, from the Taliban.


And brought all those experiences to bear, I think in Congress when I ran for Ron DeSantis a seat when he ran for governor. So that was the kind of the trajectory. And I saw with President Trump that his instincts on so many things were absolutely right. Whether it was the pivot on China, whether it was, hey, we can, we can shift to focus on Iran rather than Palestinians and bring people together in the Middle East, whether it was Europe, you've got the same size economy, the United States does stop, you know, this great deal you've got with, we're paying for your defense while you pay for your social programs. And so I've been a hundred percent on, on, on board with his America first agenda.


And you look at what he got done on the Abraham Accords, on China, on the border, on, you know, all kinds of reforms in the military that we've been asking for, for years. You know, I think he, he, he gave me the nod to, to help pull all of that together for him on the book. First, you know, the proceeds go to the Green Berets that I lost. And nobody hates wars more than people that have to go fight them. Well folks, those are all people that President Trump has picked for his new administration. Can't wait to see what they do in office.