
I was 17 years old in 19 84, 19 84 presidential election. And these people can't imagine that it actually was a time of unity. And in those days, just because the president had had an R next to his name, didn't mean that you needed to hate him and call him a racist. So you give them today a message of unity, which they claim that they want, and they hate it. They want to divide. They say they want inclusion and diversity, right? No, they want to divide. So that's a good point. Even if you had the right Reagan today, there'd be a lot more hate of him regardless from the left. Dr. Paul Kor is a distinguished political scientist, bestselling author and expert on communism and the political history of Ronald Reagan's presidency, Kor's professor at Grove City College, where he currently serves at the helm of the School's Center for Vision and values, as well as a contributing editor at the American Spectator.


Kor has also authored over 20 books on topics ranging from Reagan's relationship with Pope John Paul ii, to the bias of the American Media Kor's analysis of Marxist ideology and its historical implications. Position him as a leading voice in our contemporary debates about socialism, capitalism, and political freedom. In fact, the recent blockbuster film Reagan was inspired by Kang Gore's 2007 book, the Crusader Ronald Reagan, in the Fall of Communism. In today's episode, Paul and I dissect the infiltration of Marxist ideas among American progressives, the ideological crux of a Marxist worldview, and whether or not Kamala Harris can actually be classified as a Marxist herself. We also examine the similarities and differences between the presidencies of Ronald Reagan and Donald Trump, and how American conservatives can lead the way toward a less divisive future. Dr. Paul Kor's body of work has enriched the public's understanding of Marxism and issued an important warning about how damaging ideas can alter the course of history.


Don't miss this important conversation with Dr. Paul Kor on this episode of The Sunday Special. Paul, thanks so much for taking the time. Really appreciate it. Yeah, Ben, I gotta tell you, this is kind of a reunion. So you and I first met, you probably didn't remember this, but at the Reagan Ranch Center in Santa Barbara, and so thus I have my Rancho Del Chilo shirt on. I was there for a few weeks, a few weeks ago for the premiere of the Reagan movie. I know we're probably gonna be talking about that too, but I'm, I was trying, trying to remember when that was. I, I'm kind of dating it by the age of my daughter who remembers it all really well, I think it was, you know, probably at least 10 years ago.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I think you're talking about 2014, 2015, somewhere in that neighborhood. Yeah. It's been, it's been A while, right? You weren't, you weren't famous yet. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. It's better times, but let, let, let's talk about, obviously you've written about a, a huge number of topics of interest to our audience. Most recently have written a lot about Marxism and, you know, the, the race today between Donald Trump and Kamala Harris, the, the term Marxist has been thrown around by President Trump with regard to Kamala Harris. And there's some people who say that's unfair. She's not totally in favor of, say, nationalization of all means and mechanisms of industry. She probably has never read Karl Marx. Do you, do you think it's fair for President Trump to call a Marxist? What, how should we determine whether someone is, is sort of a Marxist, even colloquially in American politics these days?


Well, This is a great question. And, and by the way, I'm at Grove City College, our Institute for Faith and Freedom, and I teach a course on Marxism at Grove City College. And this current semester I'm teaching a course in comparative politics. We're talking about Marxism right now, and I told my students last week, I said, just as we don't like it when the left calls conservatives, fascists, right? We wanna be very careful about calling leftists, even radical leftists, maybe even democratic socialists. So we could go through that, calling them Marxists, right? I mean, if, if, if you wanna just call 'em an extreme leftist, I think that's good, right? But I wanna call a Marxist a Marxist, only if we're dealing with a legitimate Marxist.


All right? Now, in, in that debate, I think Trump was right about Kamala's father, I mean, Kamala's father, I mean, based on his writings, and I've read to some of his journal articles and he was on the econ department at Stanford University, and from what I can tell, he was a Marxist. Now her, yeah, it's a good point. I don't know if she even reads, has read Karl Marx. She certainly probably is not what we would call a classical Marxist, right? Bourgeoisie proletariat probably hasn't read the Communist Manifesto. Now, when you get into the more general kind of broadening area of, and this is where we are today, taking the sort of Marxist super structure of oppressed versus oppressor, alright?


You find your two groups to pit together, right? And classical Marxism, this was based on economics and class. It was a proletariat bourgeoisie there you had your oppressor and oppressed. Today with the race-based Marxist, it's black versus white, right? With gender Marxist male versus female with Marxist operating culture, it's some other cultural application. And oftentimes the people that are doing that have no idea that they're even part of that general Marxist superstructure. So if you say to them, you know, that's a form of cultural Marxism or race-based mar, they'll scoff and maybe they should scoff 'cause they don't even know what they're doing.


But in her case, she might be coming more from that general superstructure and issues of race, gender, culture. But I'd stay away from saying in a national debate, right, she's a Marxist. Unless you can really defend it and explain it now, kind of in the way that I just did. Yeah. And I think one of the problems actually with doing that is that not only may it not be fair in terms of, you know, her actual belief system, because again, who knows what the hell she believes, but it also actually waters down what Marxism is and makes it more palatable for the masses. Because people go, okay, well if Kamala Harris is a Marxist, it doesn't seem that bad. I mean, we're not talking about the Soviet Union, we're not talking about Cuba, we're not talking about Venezuela. We're talking about a lady who's hobnobbing with tech CEOs and wants government interventionism in the economy and more re redistribution, whatever people think of her, they tend to then box that in with the same sort of democratic socialism that Bernie talks about in Norway with the same, you know, Soviet full scale Marxism that we saw applied for nearly all of the 20th century.


Yeah, that's right on. And then, so then when you meet the real McCoy, right? And when someone like me and you says, you know, Bernie Sanders wasn't a member of the Trotskyist Socialist Workers Party, but he was an actual formal presidential elector in 1980, right? He was, he was pro Trotsky, he was a Trotskyist in college at the University of Chicago. He joined a, he joined a Stalinist kibbutz. Ron Radosh has written about this when he, when he was in Israel. So then when we say those things, they're inclined not to believe us. When I did, I did a full book on Obama's mentor, Frank Marshall Davis, and it was called the Communist. It was published by Simon and Schuster Mercury Inc.


Glen Becks. And it was a bestseller. So debuted at like top 10 of the New York Times. And I immediately got emails from people on the left saying, you know, you guys just call our people communists all the time. And then I had to say, I know, I know we do, but this guy, look at the cover of the book. We put his communist party USA number, right on the cover, 4 7 5 4 4. Right? You know, this guy testified before the Senate Internal Security subcommittee in December, 1956. He had a security index on him. There's a 500 to 600 page FBI file on the guy. You know, this guy was really a communist. And when you look at some of Obama's rhetoric, alright, early in his life and when he went to Occidental College, it seems like he was at one point a Marxist today.


Probably not, although you still see some of that rhetoric, right? Although he never ever reputed it by, by the way, this bothers me too. If you left that stuff, come out and say it because it's part of your, your narrative, it's part of your conversion story, right? Hillary Clinton, yeah, I was a Goldwater girl, right? But I don't believe that anymore. Yeah, I was in touch with Solinsky, but you know, maybe she's not an Alinsky. I, right? George W. Bush, I was an alcoholic, but I left that, then I had my conversion, right? If you're Obama come out and say, well, in my youth, you know, like a lot of people at Columbia and some of these places, I flirted with those ideas, but I know better now you go up five points if, if, if you, if you say something like that.


But instead they, there's no public repudiation, so it makes us suspicious. But, but that said my point, a guy like Frank Marshall Davis, a guy like Bernie Sanders, a OC Democratic socialist. So when we mislabel people, it hurts our ability to label them correctly when they're indeed like, you know, the real Marxist McCoy. We'll get to more on this in just a moment.


First, did you know you spend a third of your life sleeping? If you're not doing it right, you're literally wasting years of your life. I dunno about you. I can't afford to do that. Which is why I wanna tell you about Helix Sleep. Helix has generally transformed my sleep quality. They have 20 different mattress options because unlike the one size fits all, crowd Helix understands that different people need different solutions. Here's how it works. You take their sleep quiz, I did it myself. They match you with your perfect mattress. When I took it, they recommended a medium firm mattress because I mentioned my back pain issues with softer mattresses. Lemme tell you they got it exactly right. Whether you need the cloud-like comfort of their lux, the premium experience of the elite or the extra support of the Helix, plus they have you covered the best part. They ship it directly to your door. No awkward mattress store interactions necessary. Helix is so confident in their product, they give you a hundred nights to try it out as more than three months to decide if it's right for you. Plus they back every mattress with a 10 to 15 year warranty. That's what I call standing behind your product. So if you wanna sleep as soundly as I do, head on over to Helix sleep.com/ben, take that sleep quiz Plus Helix is offering up to 25% offsite wide and two free dream pillows with any mattress purchase. Even better. Helix is offering a free bedding bundle, which is two dream pillows, a sheet set a mattress protector with any luxe or elite mattress order. That's right. Just head on over to Helix sleep.com/ben. That's Helix sleep.com/ben with Helix, better sleep starts right now.


So one of the things that, that you mentioned there is that there is this sort of no true Scotsman fallacy that people like to apply in a Marxist scenario where you'll say something is Marxist and they'll say, that's not real Marxism, right? Soviet union's not real Marxism or communist China in its original iteration. Not real Marxism. Cuba, not real Marxism. So let's try to get to the nitty gritty. What would you consider to be real full scale Marxism? Where would you feel comfortable saying this person abides by these principles that makes this person a Marxist as opposed to just say, membership in the Communist Party. You know, that that's sort of an easy out outlying indicator, but somebody who's not a member of C-P-U-S-A and and they are a Marxist, in your view, what principles do they have to fulfill? Well, from a practical point of view, a poster boy country would be North Korea.


Okay? North Korea, Cuba. In fact, you look at something like the Heritage Foundation's Index of Economic Freedom, you know, North Korea has been at the very bottom of the ranking since they started doing this thing 30 years ago, right? But theoretically go to the Communist Manifesto. In fact, people will say to me, Ben, they'll say, give me a one sentence definition of communism. I say, okay, I'll make it easy. I Marx and Ingles gave us one in the manifesto. They say the entire communist theory may be summed up in the single sentence abolition of private property. So as the starting point, I mean, it's a war on private property. And, and of course that goes against, you know, the Judeo-Christian Foundation, you know, the, the Old Testament, new Testament.


Thou shalt not steal the 10 commandments, right? Implies you have the right to property. Some people consider it a natural right, a sacred right, you know, from the cave to the courthouse. People have had the right to property. When you do something like literally try to abolish all private property, then you're really raising R-A-Z-I-N-G, the, the foundations of everything. And they were all about that. And the manifesto too, Mars and Engles immediately, immediately doubled down on that. They say you were horrified at, at us intending to do away with private property. They don't pause there and say, well, we don't really mean that. What we mean is no, they say precisely. So that is precisely what we intend to do.


So at that point, maybe one could argue different variations, gradations, degradations, whatever, of communism. To what degree is a communist society abolishing private property, right at the level of the home, at the level of agriculture, at the level of, you know, pole pot in Cambodia. Whether you're allowed to own, you know, personal hygiene products, you know, toothpaste in Cuba, whether or not you're allowed to pick your mangoes from the front tree growing on your property. In Cuba, I have a former student, Lorenzo Carna, whose aunt in Cuba had a mango tree in her front yard, and the family was hungry and it pain them terribly to know that there were fresh, beautiful mangoes growing on their property.


But because that belonged to the state and they weren't allowed to pick and sell their own produce because of the laws of market control versus central planning on prices and production level, they couldn't even pick the mangoes from their front yard. And when they took some in the middle of the night, they, they realized when they got up in the morning, what they did, they threw the peels and the garbage. Oh. So they go out and they bury 'em in the ground. So the state won't see that they picked the mangoes. Now that's abolition of private property at a very severe level. So as a starting point, property above all abolition of private property. And you know, that, that, that provides a really useful framework for thinking about it because it also shows you the spectrum of economic interventionism and, and where things actually line up.


So one of the great lies, of course, is that, for example, that that's been used by, by Soviets and, and communist backers, is the idea that the Nazism and Soviet economics were in 100% opposition. And that basically, you know, the, the capitalist side is closer to Nazi economics. And the, the communist side is, is therefore good because what, what the, what communists tend to do is they use the World War II model as a way of demonstrating that communism is actually good since the Soviet army, by the end of the war, was on the right side of the war as opposed to at the beginning when they actually, you know, led to the war. But with that said, if you, if you use your framework of abolition or private property, what you end up doing is also recognizing that heavy regulation of the use of private property is closer to actual public ownership of private property than it is to economic freedom.


So if you have a very corporate, a system as Nazi Germany did, in which everybody is organized into guilds by the government in which the government is, is reaching into everybody's pocket in determining how your private capital is used, that is much closer to public ownership of the means of production than it is to you being able to make free decisions about the, the dispensation and use of your own wealth. That's exactly right. I mean, you know, they're not following Hayek and Mees and Milton Friedman, right? And Nazi Germany, and of course the very name Nazi, which is shorthand for National Socialist. There was a national socialist German workers party. And, and Ben people will often say, yeah, but Hitler, yeah, Hitler was killing the communist too.


Well, sure, I mean the but, but, but the, these people on the left are always at each other's throats. I mean, Trotsky versus Stalin, Trotskyists and Stalinists, the American Communist Party was filled with, and in fact, once the Hitler Stalin pack took place in August, 1939, huge numbers of American Jews left Communist party. USA because, because joining communist party, USA, you swore loyalty oath to Stalin, Soviet Union right? To work to ensure the triumph of Soviet power inside the United States, A-U-S-S-A as Langston Hughes called it. So they knew at that point they couldn't, they could no longer swo swear loyalty oath to Stalin, Soviet Union.


'cause Stalin was now on the side of Hitler. He aided and abeb Hitler. So at that point, a lot of them left. And you could see there too, Hitler and Stalin at that point found common cause and they worked together. But, but the left is filled with all kinds of angry militant factions. I mean, we have our disagreements and arguments on the right go to a conference of like far leftists. I mean, these people are, are, are at each other's throats over little tiny issues that you know, that, that most people can't even relate to or explain or understand. You know, it Wasn't it wasn't capitalist who put an ice pick through through Trotsky's eye. Right? That's right. That's right. The Stalins. So, you know, w with, with all of that sort of pointed out in the, in the backdrop of, of Marxism, how do we distinguish between Marxism and something that you've talked about, which is just the old biblical story of the oppressor versus oppressed false matrix.


So I, I've pointed this out myself, you know, as somebody who reads the Bible pretty regularly in the original Hebrew, you know, when, when the, the, the Cain Abel story is the probably single most indicative political story in all of human history, that you have one sacrifice that, that God takes able sacrifice and, and Cain sacrifice for a reason that's unspecified by the text is, is rejected. And then God warns Cain and he says, you have this inclination to do sin and it CROs at your door, but you can master over it. And Cain rejects that and goes and kills Abel. And that, that sort of matrix in which, you know, Cain doesn't have a reason to hate Abel. There's, it's not Abel's fault that God decides to accept Abel's sacrifice. And, and so Cain decides to kill Abel. That that sort of sense of victimization, that results in aggression toward people who are more successful in one way, shape or form through a perceived sense of oppression.


You know, that is the story of, of so much of human history, is this perceived sense of grievance against other people who are more successful. How do we distinguish that from Marxism? Or is Marxism just sort of one offshoot of that general oppressor oppressed matrix? Yeah, in fact, I, I would argue others have too, that the, you know, the, the primary virtue in Marxism is envy, right? Envy, hate avarice. And it's amazing to read Karl Marx and and hear him complaining about people's obsession with capital. Marx was obsessed with capital. I mean, all Marx can think about is capital. I mean, mark Marx gets up in the morning and bellyaches and moans and ruins his day just thinking about capital. All Marx wants his capital, right?


In fact, you know, Marx's mother and wife both expressed the wish that Carl would start earning some capital rather than just writing about capital. And by the way, this is a classic example of, of how the left thinks, right? You know, they talk about diversity, equity, and inclusion and, and, but they don't include us, right? We don't fit under their diversity umbrella. They talk about tolerance, but no tolerance for us and their side. They talk about hate when guys like you and I are looking at them smiling. It's like, I don't hate you, man. I mean, I'm not angry at you at all. And you know, smoke's almost coming out of their ears as they're screaming, hey, right? But they, they project, and this is what Marx and the Marxists do.


I mean the Marx, you talk about greed. You, you don't see greed anywhere. Like you see among Marxist societies and Marxist leaders. I, I mean they take all the capital, they take everything, they take all the production themselves. You know, Marxism is not for the rulers, it's for the ruled. I mean everybody else ha has has to follow those rules. And I would forward here to, I often hear as a Christian, they'll point to acts, acts 4 32 through 4 35, where it says the early apostles held everything in common. They pulled together their resources and shared everything. And, and as even Pope Francis has said, you know, Pope Francis is hardly Eliza fair capitalist, right?


But, but Pope Francis has said that's not Marxism. Right? You know, that that's, that's charitable, traditional Christianity, by the way, that's written in the first century. Marxism comes, you know, 18, you know, 17 18th centuries, a after that. But if you look in Acts and also the Old Testament, they have the right to property or they have the right to own things. Also, we can get to this in a minute. They don't hate religion, right? Right. They're, they're not atheists. You know, Marxism is inherently atheistic as all the Marxist, Leninist and all the Marxist lead leaders have always said. So to have a group of apostles in the first century getting together voluntarily on their own, alright, by their own free will.


And if you read the whole text selling portions of the property that they're permitted to own in order to pull them together to help their fellow man, that's not Marxism, right? You know, that's, that's, that's a free will choice. Now Marxism would be the heavy handed state coming into that community and every community in the entire country and telling them forcibly, all of your property will be banned, by the way, so will your religion. Alright? And so will, you know, all traditional relations that, that you have Marx and Ingles said, communism represents, quote, the most radical rupture in traditional relations, unquote. We're gonna take, we're gonna violate all of that and we're going to forcibly redistribute all of your wealth.


We're gonna abolish the right of inheritance. That's part three in their 10 point plan. We're gonna have a full progressive income tax, right? We're gonna do this. All this other stuff that's communism, right? People voluntarily getting together to live in community. The Dominicans, the Franciscans, right? Which is 0.0 0 0 0 0, 0 1% of all Americans right on their own to voluntarily share their stuff. That is not a Marxist state. That's not Marxism. We get to more on that in a moment.


First, let's talk about something that affects all of us responsible, hardworking Americans, taxes, the October 15th deadline has now passed. Are you prepared for what's coming next? Do you owe back taxes? Are your tax returns still on file? Miss the deadline to file for an extension. Well, now that October 15th is behind us, the IRS may be ramping up enforcement. Lemme tell you, they're not playing around. You could face wage garnishments, frozen bank accounts, or even property procedures if you haven't taken action yet. But here is the good news. There's still Hope Tax Network. USA has been in this game for years. They know exactly how to navigate the complex world of tax law. They've helped taxpayers save over a billion dollars in tax debt. They filed over 10,000 tax returns. That's billion with a B folks. They specialize in helping hardworking Americans like you reduce their tax burdens. So don't let the IRS catch you off guard. Get ahead of this right now with Tax Network. USA, their team of professionals will work tirelessly to protect your assets and find the best solution for your unique situation. So here's what you need to do for a complimentary consultation. Call today, one eight hundred nine five eight 1000 or visit their website at tn usa.com/shapiro. That's 1 809 5 8 1000. Or visit tn usa.com/shapiro today. Don't let the IRS take advantage of you, the help you need with tax network USA.


Well, I mean, as I've said to, to, you know, people all the time, I'm, I'm the most capitalist person I know in my house. I'm a Marxist, meaning I share my, my wealth in common with my wife, right? Right. I mean, we don't earn equivalent amounts of wealth and my kids certainly don't earn anything. But we all have access to the pool of cash because when it comes to family, obviously it's Sharon, she alike. That is not the same thing when it comes to things outside the family, which is of course why Marx is attempting to abolish the family, because the family is in fact a bulwark against the idea that everyone is family. If you have family, then you know, there's a big difference between you and your wife and your kids. And you know, this guy in New York who you've never met before. And you shouldn't be asked to treat that person as though they're a member of your family, because that's not realistic to how human nature is. And I think this is one of the points that, that you make with regard to, to Marxism in particular, is that Marx, Marxism, for all of its talk about being a scientific theory, which of course it absolutely is not.


I mean, it's pseudo scientific, absolute sheer trash. It doesn't make mathematic sense. Mathematically doesn't make sense logically, it promotes itself as a scientific theory. Amazing. Because that way it can somehow get away with making the claims that it's making. And that's why even today, Marxists will, will attempt to avoid the reality of, of the failures of Marxist prediction, right? They've attempted to end around that in a wide variety of ways, including Lenin, who basically suggested that it wasn't descriptive, it had to be normative. That, that instead of Mark's attempting to describe the arc of history in a sort of passive fashion, you had to, you had to enact it, you had to grab it, and you had to do the thing. And that really was called to action as opposed to what Marx thought it was going to be, which was a prediction of the future that never came true. And in fact, turned out to be false in every respect, ranging from the depression of wages to the idea that there would be a worldwide class uprising of the poor against the rich, which of course never happened.


World War I being the best indicator that it never happened when everybody cited along national lines as opposed to a along class lines, what Marxism actually is a religious theory. It's a religious theory. Positing an eschatology of man, right? And when you read Marx, what you see is that he's substituting his own idea of the transformation of human nature that will erupt as a result of this inevitable end of capitalism. And a new man will be born in which everybody is purely generous and purely benevolent. And it turns out that, that all of the evils of the human heart, which he says were planted by capitalism in the same way that Rousseau suggests that all of the evils of the human heart were planted by the first man who created a fence, basically. You know, that, that all of that will disappear. And so you won't need government, government will wither away, right?


This is what the narco communist, which of course makes no sense. This is what they claim, what they're really shooting for is a time when the government will wither away and we'll all live in a voluntary brotherhood of man in which we ourselves have been transformed in Seoul. That's a religious promise, right? And I think that's why Marxism will never die, because if you're making a religious promise, there's no way to actually determine whether it's true or not until you hit some sort of messianic age. Yeah. And, and especially if you're making that argument to people who aren't religious, right? So they're, they're not, they don't follow Judaism or Christianity. So instead they're atheistic. So this gives them their secular utopia, right? So most religious people would say, come on dude, that's what you get in heaven, alright? When all this is over, right? You, you can't have that possibly here on this earth.


But if you read statements from Marx, from other early communists, Moses Hess, Arthur Kessler, who's one of the people in the God that failed, I mean, they talk about how this was like a religion. And in fact, Raymond Aaron, his classic book is called The Opium of the Intellectuals Be because really to them that's what it's like. You know, they make, they make fun of religious people called religion, the opium of the masses. I mean, Marxism is, is really absolutely the, the opium of the intellectuals. Ronald Reagan said, well, Marxism leninism that religion of theirs. And, and, and indeed and you, and you started off by saying scientific, yeah, they have this phrase, scientific socialism.


The Soviets use it all the time. Vladimir Lenon and the state and revolution, which he started writing and never really full, fully finished. That was the September, October, 1917, the revolution got in the way. So he didn't finish it. He describes Mark as this Marx is a scientific socialist, this genius, all this flowering gushing, you know, hagiographic language. Way, way over the top. People have to remember that Marx lived 18, 18 to 1883. So he, he is alive in the period of Darwin when the origin of species comes out. So they were hoping that Marx would do for the social sciences and for economics what Darwin did for the physical sciences.


So there's this idea of this evolutionary movement where, where mankind would start in slavery, serfdom, capitalism, socialism, and eventually to communism, right? Socialism, according to Marxist Leninist theory would be the final transitionary step into communism. So this gi this added a historical inevitability to the whole thing, right? So people could see this unfolding over time, this evolution of, of the history of the world. And they engles at Marx's funeral, and our also at Marx's wife's funeral quoted Darwin, right? He's, he's not quoting the scriptures, he is not quoting the Old Testament or New Testament.


He's quoting Darwin right here lies the vivacious Jenny, right? Who, who he gives this kind of depressing little sermonette about, basically Marx's wife now rotting in a casket, turning to dust or worm food, I don't know. But, but the great news is right through this historical Darwinian evolution that, that Marx created and pioneered, you know, the world will eventually reach that utopia in the sky full communism, classless society. And, and that's just one of almost every prediction that Marx made, which is complete fatuous nonsense and never came true.


So, you know, one of the things that we see is when, when we talk about this, again, we come back to the same point, which is when we talk about Marxism, I think if you don have an understanding of Marxism at all, you see how how terrible it is, it's, it's terrible results. But the, the point that that Hayek makes in, in the rose of surf dump is that it actually is a road to get there. It's not as though, you know, one day you wake up. It's, it's not like Russia in 1917 where you wake up one day and suddenly it's imposed top down. This is something that you gradually slide into. And this is where I think the temptation is for the right, saying that, okay, we're just gonna describe Kamala Harris or Barack Obama as chiefly Marxist because we're warning you about where this is going. As opposed to this is a step along the roads of perdition. We just go straight to the end and we say, okay, well what they want is tomorrow, like communist utopia.


I mean, they may want something like that in the back net regions of their brain and sort of the, the lizard Marxist brain from college, you know, to, you know, 30 years in the future. But to get there, they're willing to do an awful lot of, of gradated actions. And that's why you're seeing Kamala Harris wooing CEOs and, and you know, treating capitalism as though capitalism is still, you know, you'll hear Joe Biden say this all the time. Now, I'm not, I'm not begrudging anybody the ability to earn a buck. I'm not saying that I love capitalism, capitalism, but all we need is just one more restriction. All we need is one more set of regulations. All we need is just a little more control, and it's always just a little more control. Yeah, that's right. You know, to quote Reagan in the time for choosing speech, right? The more the planners plan, the, the, the, the more that the plans fail, the more that the planners plan.


And so at the very least, they favor what, you know, wood Woodrow Wilson called the administrative state, the heavy regulatory state. And, and, and once again, did you notice this? I mean, for a while it seemed like the last few years the left, the Democratic left had kind of given up on a lot of the class warfare rhetoric that they were engaging in in the 1990s. You, you might be, you're younger than me, probably by 10 years or so. I dunno if you remember Dick Gehart in the, yeah, in the early 1990s and talking, talking about how people who are wealthier have done well or the winners in life's lottery and so forth. But every four years and younger people wouldn't have experienced this, but the Democrats, they would just trot out this, he favors a rich, he favors a rich tax cuts for billionaires, on and on and on and on and on.


They seemed to finally give it up with Donald Trump. I think because Trump so appealed to the middle class and the lower, the lower working class. I live in Western Pennsylvania. I was born in Pittsburgh. My family worked in coal mines and steel mills, right? My dad was a steel worker. So, you know, that stuff appealed for the Democrats for a long time. Those people are all now voting for Trump, all of them. I mean, Pittsburgh's about an hour from Morgantown, West Virginia. All the West Virginia coal miners are voting for Trump, all of them. So to hear Kamala in the last debate, and I've heard some commercials on television and radio since they're going after Trump on the tax cuts for billionaires again. And when you look at Trump's tax cuts, what were they?


20 17, 20 18. They were really tiny and, and in fact you have to look at the brackets and the rates. I think there's five brackets altogether. This one came down a little bit. That one went up a little bit. They changed that bracket. And this one, it's hard to see any dramatic, I would complain they didn't seem like much of a tax cut at, at, at all. But they've gone back to that playbook, which tells me that that's Kamala in my state of Pennsylvania probably trying to go back to that lower middle class. But I don't think it's gonna work because they know that she represents the sort of Silicon Valley wealthy elite. And, and, and it's the wealthy elites that are, that are now liberals.


I mean the, you know, the, the corporate, the corporate fat cats are DEI people, you know, running operations like, you know, bud Light, right? What are they doing Bud Light? Well that's the people they're hiring. That's the people they're hiring from the business schools. They're all left wingers.


Alrighty folks, let's talk about dressing sharp without sacrificing comfort. If you're tired of choosing between looking professional and feeling relaxed, I've got excellent news for you. Collars and Co is revolutionizing men's wear with their famous dress collar polo. Imagine this, the comfort of a polo combined with the sharp look of a dress shirt. It's the best of both worlds giving you that professional edge without the stuffiness garner are the days of floppy collars that make you look like you just rolled outta bed. These polos feature a firm collar that stands up straight all day long. The four-way stretch fabric means you can move freely and comfortably throughout your day. It's office approved so you can look professional without feeling like you're trapped in a suit and get this, it travels well. So whether you're commuting to work or jetting off for a business trip, you'll arrive looking crisp and feeling great. But Collars and Co isn't just about polos. They've expanded their line impressively. They've got merino sweaters, quarter zips, stretch chinos, even a performance blazer they call the maverick. It's versatility at its finest. These pieces look great by themselves under a sweater or with a blazer. I mean, take a look at this quarter zip. Do you see it? It's magnificent. Look how good I look. If you wanna look sharp, feel comfortable, and support a fast growing American company, head on over to Collars and Co dot com. Use code Ben for 20% off your first order. That's Collars and Co dot com code ben Collars and Co. 'cause you shouldn't have to choose between looking good and feeling good.


I mean it, to me, this is the great kind of story of why capitalism is having such trouble right now. And I think the reason is, is because it used to be that Rockefeller actually went to church. I mean, he went to the same church as many of the people who worked for him. And, and in, in the United States, if you were a corporate head, there was a feeling of noble o oblig that was largely church-based. It was largely based on, on membership in a religious community. And as that wore away, you got this very odd sort of elitist combination of Marxian social politics with capitalist, with capitalist economics, which is the smallest portion always of the American electorate every, every four years for my childhood. There is talk about a libertarian uprising where it would be, I'm left on on social politics, but I'm really right wing on economics.


And it turns out that's like five people in the country, right? And, and it turns out that that's the thing that drove all the coal miners into the arms of Trump. I think this attempt to turn the, the sort of Trumpian phenomenon with, with the middle and lower classes, and I even hesitate to use those terms in America 'cause they really don't apply. A huge percentage of people who start in the lower class will end up in the upper class or the middle class. It there, there is no class distinction in the United States that the way, the way that there was in, in continental Europe in, in 1890 or something. So the this sort of weird divide on social policy that came along with, with the ac atheistic revolution of the, of the sixties and seventies in which the most successful people economically also hated the morality of sort of middle class churchgoers.


That's what's led to this divide and what Trump was doing to, to those West Virginia miners. He he wasn't saying them. I'm gonna bring to you all sorts of good economic goodies in the way that rich, that that dick gehart or, or say John Edwards in 2004, whatever his two Americas nonsense, right? And I it is not gonna be that, right? What, what what it will be is I'm going to respect the fact that you wanna live with your family and go to church. Right? I don't, I don't look down on you. I don't think that you need to trans your kids, right? Those social policies, the, the idea that he actually understood them and didn't scorn them, that's the whole thing to me. The, the, the signal break in sort of American politics pretty much occurs in 2008. It goes by the wayside because we all pretend it didn't happen. But when Barack Obama made that bitter Clinger speech in San Francisco, right? That was like the hard divide in American politics where he's in San Francisco with a bunch of really, really wealthy people in shiny buildings and they're talking about how the real downfall of the country is these schlubs who live in West Virginia and who have this whole thing about how they like God and guns and, and they actually want borders.


And, and I think that that that was really more the thing. And so there's been this unfortunate gap that's now grown between I think Americans who have traditional values with regard to social politics and capitalism itself, because this term neoliberal gets thrown around. And I always wonder exactly kind of what that mean. I'm very free market oriented and also incredibly socially conservative. And for most of my childhood that those two things went together. And it's only in the last decade or so. They seem to have sort of gone separate ways. Yeah, right. In fact, a couple thoughts there. One Barack with Barack Obama, I'm thinking of John Drew who went to Occidental College with Obama, and I interviewed him for the book The Communist. And he was introduced to Obama by, by, by his girlfriend John and John Drew's girlfriend.


And she said, this is Barack, right? He's one of us. And he ran the, the, the Marxist club as John Drew called John Drew is now like a conservative Baptist today. But, but, but I talked to him. I, I said, do you think any way, in any way, do you see any of the Marxism residual stuff in Obama today? This would've been like 2010. And I'll never forget Ben, he used the phrase, yeah, I still see some of the Marxist mental architecture in phrases like bitter clingers, right. Clinging to their God and guns. Right? That's very much a kind of like Marxist like sentiment, even if it doesn't make Obama a Marxist. And the other one I think of, you mentioned the sixties radicals. Mark Rudd, who founded SD didn't find, he wasn't the founder of SDS, but he ran SDS and shut down Columbia University April, 1968.


And I read his memoir a few years ago, which is a shocking book. I, but, but, but, but to, to rudd's credit. He, he's very honest and very, very candid in that book. And he talked about him and Bill Ayers and Bernardine Dorn and the people in SDS who eventually became the weatherman and eventually the weather underground. They would go out into the working class neighborhoods, he said, of Chicago, Pittsburgh, and Cleveland. And they'd be preaching Marxism to, to the unwashed masses, right? The working class kids, the kids of the steelworkers, right? And, and he said, what was the response of these people? They would beat us up. You know, these, these are like, these are like ethnic poles and Italians and Irish, right?


Like, you know, we don't want your stinking communism, you atheists, you know, get outta here, right? And meanwhile you ru these guys are laying on the ground, but don't you understand right. Preaching what they learned at Columbia. We're here to bring you, we're here to free you Right to you, you know, you're, you're in this class and you're about to go here. But yeah, the, and those people have always wanted an American, this is what so many people on the left in the Democratic party didn't get. A lot of 'em want to be maybe not rich, but aspire to get out of the lower class and be as well off as they can be, right? So the, the incessant class warfare that the Democrats always engaged in, like I said, it seemed like it cooled in the last few years, I think because Trump has won that element.


But it's coming back right now in the last few weeks probably, because Kamala is trying to make a push for some of those voters. I I think this is also due to the failure of the race Marxism. So in, in, in the 2012 to 2024 era, the Democrats really, really stopped moving towards sort of the, the economic Marxism of say John Edwards and, and maybe even Bernie Sanders. And, and started moving very heavily in the direction of race Marxism. The idea that you could determine whether someone was victimized or not by membership in a racial group, because racial groups don't stack up equivalently in terms of average income, for example. And, and so Barack Obama won on that basis in 2012. And then Hillary kind of tried to run that same campaign in 2016 and she failed 'cause she's an upper class white lady. And then, and then Joe Biden ran that campaign again in part in 2020, but it was already failing by 2020.


He had to sort of run as the moderate in the room, despite everything that was going on with the Black Lives Matter riots and everything. He sort of tried to ignore what was going on and then throw a stop to his, his supporters by picking Kamala as his vice president. And then by 20 24, 1 of the things that's actually quite fascinating about the way that Kamala's running this campaign is she's not talking about race at all. Everybody on the left is begging her to talk about race. You're the first female black woman, you know, who's gonna run for president and win and all this. And she doesn't wanna talk about it. She keeps avoiding it, which I think is a smart strategy because I think this has played out. I think they're moving back toward the sort of class-based economic Marxism. If there're only a few games that they can play here and, and one of them is played out, they're gonna turn to the others. And those right now seem to be class-based Marxism and sex-based Marxism in which they're stacking up women against men.


And you're seeing the largest gender gap in American history breaking out in this election. Yeah. And the, in the last debate, the two moderators from A, B, C, right? I think it was David Muir was the one who did it, brought up the Trump comments about, about, about the race, about Kamala's race. And I remember telling my students right before that debate, I said, Trump in this debate, can't do anything really stupid. Like bring up her race. That would be a really dumb thing to do. Well he was pretty disciplined. He didn't bring it up. They did, they brought it up. And by the way, when they did that, I bet about 20 million Americans went, oh no, don't, please, please don't bring race into this. We're so happy. Race hasn't been a part of this. And to Trump's credit, he said, I don't want to talk about, he even said something like, she's the one that brought it up and then he zipped it and then they went to her and she just got the knife out, right?


And she just started talking about how divisive he is, hateful he is, pits people against each other over race. And then they said, Mr. President, they went back to him. Zip he, he didn't say anything. So he was very smart, very, very disciplined on that. But yeah, and the what could be more divisive, literally divisive, right? Which is what Marxism is. It's about dividing people, right? Dividing according to, according to class, right? Borg versus proletariat. What could be more divisive than telling everybody in America, Hey, the world is this simple. You're either black or you're white. You're in one of these two blocks, right? My youngest son who's, who's adopted is black, right?


Well, his, his he's half black. I mean he's as black as Obama because Obama's father was black and so is, so is his father, as both of 'em have white mothers, he's technically considered black. But if we did DNA tests on everybody in my family, which we have, they're all over the place. I mean, my wife has every ethnicity in the Middle East, including Jewish, right? Jewish, Syrian, Lebanese, Greek ra, Italy, every, everything. So to tell, to tell people in modern America, the most diverse melting pot in history, very simple. You're black or you're white, alright? Then you're oppressed or you're, or or you're the oppressor. And so then you go up to somebody and say, now Kobe Bryant or Oprah, okay, I want you to know that you're oppressed.


You may have billions of dollars, you may have this amazing life, Kobe, you, you had wealth ever since you were a young kid, but, but you're oppressed. They're like, why? Well, because you're black and that white homeless guy over there, alright, he's your oppressor, huh? Well he's your why because he's white and everyone, no one in America wants any part of that gobbledy gook, divisive, vicious nonsense. But, but that hails descends from Marxism race-based in this case To shift topics slightly, but it's still part of the same overall conversation. You've written extensively, obviously on, on Ronald Reagan.


Ronald Reagan's the last Republican president to have won broad majorities. You could say Georgia HW Bush won a broad majority that was really on the back of, of Ronald Reagan. And by, by 1992 obviously he loses to Bill Clinton and Ross Perot, which is not exactly like a duo of, of tremendous performance, but in, in, in any case, the the Reagan era, you know, does raise questions for how conservatives can win going forward because Donald Trump won what can best be described as, you know, statistically at least a fluke election in 2016. That is a fluke election in which you lose the popular vote by 3 million. But you win by just enough votes in just the right places in, in order to win. And it looks very much as though he's gonna have to pull off the same feed if he wishes to win this year. It, it looks as though, you know, the, the popular vote gap is going to be, I, I would think relatively significant.


I'd be shocked if he wins the popular vote in this year's election. He might just win in just enough places. Just, you know, just 10,000 votes here in North Carolina and 12,000 in Georgia and all the rest of that in order to pull off the presidency. There's been a long time since a Republican won sort of a broad sweeping victory. Even George w Bush's victory in 2004 against John Kerry was a near run thing that was a very close election coming down to basically Ohio and Florida. And, and so that when you look back at the Reagan era, one of the things that that is, is clear is that because he has the Soviet Union to run against a thing where he can say, look, this is the thing, right? We have to beat this thing. This thing is out here, it's really bad, and the only way we're gonna beat that is by getting rid of the ineffective, right? The argument that he was making against Jimmy Carter was that Jimmy Carter was a fool and an ineffective fool.


It wasn't that Jimmy Carter was actually deeply immoral. It was that Jimmy Carter was deeply ineffective. He almost became a figure of jocularity. And because the Soviet Union was out here, you had this dual threat. You had the dual threat from within of weakness, and you had the threat from without of a powerful and aggressive state that actively sought it to destroy America's interests. Well, now if you fast forward to 2024, I think there's been an attempt by, by Republicans and some Democrats to say that China is, is sort of like the USSR, that that parallel hasn't gone quite as well because of the deep and abiding economic relations with, with China. But the, the argument by a lot of conservatives has shifted from this sort of dual threat of inefficacy from the Democratic party and deepen abiding threat on the foreign front to ignore all problems on the foreign front, the real threat is the internal threat.


And I just wonder if that's a winning electoral message, because I don't think that most Americans look at Kamala Harris and want to see Kamala Harris as a sort of crisis level red alert threat. If she's elected, we're all gonna die. It's gonna be Castro's Cuba. I think in other words, that the, the Reagan message, which is Democrats are misguided, wrong, cowardly and ineffective, and over here we have some real threats we have to face is probably gonna be a better electoral message than ignore everything that's going on over here. Nothing really important is happening outside our borders. The real threat is Kamala Harris or Barack Obama, even as deeply as we may feel that that is a real threat. Yeah. You know, in our print edition of the American Spectator, I'm the editor of the American Spectator, I have a piece called Reagan Conservatism is Alive and well, it's a special print edition on conservatism.


And I'm hearing a lot of conservatives today saying, well, Reagan conservatism is dead. It's not. In fact, I have a book called 11 Principles of Reagan Conservative. I lay out the 11 principles, faith, freedom, sanity, dignity of view, life, anti-communism, belief in the individual. I won't go through all of 'em here, but I've said that Trump can check the box on probably 11 out of 11, certainly in terms of how he governed as president, right? Even if you don't think that he's maybe in his heart a pro-lifer, I mean, he did more for the pro-life movement than Reagan did, as, as as president. The difference though, it's not the message, it's the messenger. And Reagan was just so likable. Now, he did have the Soviet Union to run against, right?


But people liked him. They just liked him. Even, even the left who didn't vote for him liked him. I quote in, in one of my books, Walter Cronkite and Walter Cronkite was CBS's news anchor and America's news anchor, he is also very liberal. And he said, I've never seen anything like this. Everybody loves Reagan, nobody hates him. I was alive for Franklin Roosevelt. I never thought I'd see a president as liked as Roosevelt. Reagan has it. He's even more beloved than Roosevelt. So because of that, and keep in mind, 1984, Berlin Wall didn't go down yet, right? Cold War isn't over yet. Mcha Gorbachev didn't even come in yet. So at that point, Reagan can just run on Restoring America strength, make America great again.


That was originally a Reagan statement, economies taking off. So even without the, the crash of the Soviet Union, he won 49 out 50 states. He, he took the electoral college 5 25 to 13. The the only state he didn't win Minnesota. By the way, this is interesting. The only state Reagan never won was Minnesota Min. He didn't win Minnesota in 1980, either. Reagan twice won California, New York, New Jersey. My home state of Pennsylvania, Reagan twice won Massachusetts. Okay? So it's, I think the message still works. IIII think it's the messenger and you know, Donald Trump is hated just absolutely and utterly loathed by over 50% of the population.


And if you, if your ceiling is like 47% right, you're gonna, it's gonna be a one to 2% race. By the way, if he loses a popular vote by one to two, I think he'll win the electoral college. But I'd be amazed if he got 50%. But, but my, my thesis argument here, Ben, is you got somebody else with Reagan's kind of background like ability. I think the conservative message can win big like that again, but it takes the right messenger to pair with the message. We'll get to more on that in a moment.


First, getting in credit card debt is really easy, but getting out well, the system is set up, so it's really hard. If you're struggling with credit cards, personal loans, collections for medical bills, you need to check out PD as debt. PDS provides a service to match you with debt solutions tailored to your financial situation. If you're making payments every month on your debt, your balances aren't going down. PDS has solutions for you. Everyone with 10 grand or more ineligible debt qualifies. There is no minimum credit score required. Bad and fair credit are accepted. Listen, I have friends who've gotten into debt. It is brutal to get out of it unless you have a plan. This is where PDS debt comes in. PDS debt has customized options for anyone struggling with credit cards, personal loans, collections, or medical bills. They strive to understand your specific scenario. They can help provide alternative solutions to becoming debt free. Save more while paying off your debt in a fraction of the time. Stop waiting. Start saving. Get a free debt analysis right now, PDs debt.com/sunday. It only takes thirty seconds. That's PDs debt.com/sunday today. PDs debt.com/sunday. Getting outta debt, it can be really difficult. If you don't, it can ruin your life. So why not give my friends a call over at PDs debt.com/sunday today.


Do do you think that the country has fundamentally changed so much since that year that it's a bit of a different math, meaning that, you know, it's, it's, it's almost impossible to see any Republican winning, say New York or California, right? Absent some serious existential threat. Even George W. Bush in the aftermath of nine 11, it had to run a super competitive race against John Kerry in, in 2004. That came down to a few different states. We're seeing it obviously with, with President Trump. This is coming down to a few different states. It's almost impossible for me to imagine as, as a transplant from California to Florida, the idea that a Republican would ever win, say California again or New York or Massachusetts, are the divides in the country just too wide? And, and if so, what can be, what can be done about that? I think that's right. But I think a Republican could win 40 outta 50 states.


And, and also, and I'm not trying to say this to dump on Donald Trump in this interview, but 20 16, 20 20 and 2024. I mean, your opponent is Hillary Clinton, Joe Biden, and Kamala Harris. That should be an easy sweep for any remotely, decently likable Republican. And, and I know people on our side will say, you know, but Trump gets out the vote has this corps of supporters. He does. Absolutely true. You know, Nikki Haley couldn't do that. I don't, I don't know who it would be. Right. Well, actually I do have some ideas of some of the people that could, and I won't go through it. 'cause then we'll end up arguing about each of those people. But, but, but those are three easy to beat opponents.


They really, those should be slam dunks. And I, and I think if you get somebody, if you had somebody who was more likable, they'd, they'd beat him fairly easily. I mean, I think that one of the things that, that President Trump had for a moment in this election cycle when he was running against Biden particularly, and then in the a aftermath, the assassination attempt, what, what since basically 2014, I think the American people have been craving both two, two things that seem to be in conflict. One is, is normalcy and the other is change. They, they, they wanna change from the direction of the Obama years, but they also want some semblance of normalcy. They just don't want to think about what's going on in the presidential race three years in advance of an election. Like they, they don't want to be dealing with whatever is the crazy level of, I think that's what was behind whatever desire there was for Joe Biden in 2020 was more like, okay, fine.


He is dead. What, what, what bad could happen. I mean, he's a corpse and, and they did get a dead person. The problem was that he did things and they didn't like any of the things that he did. He actually made incredibly controversial moves. He governed like a far leftist, he basically took Bernie Sanders's agenda and then just tried to run the table with it. And on foreign policy set the world on fire. Yeah. But I think that, that the thing that most Americans right now are craving, and this was true, you know, I think Trump was doing a good job of this for a little while in the election, was, was just a sense of, okay, you know what? We need everything to just go back to normal. Leave everything alone. Calm down, take a breath. And so there was a period between that, that debate and, and the assassination attempt and then the RNC when Trump really went silent. And that was the best point of the election for him. Yeah. Because he was just allowing the story to be Joe Biden and not be Donald Trump.


And then the assassination attempt happened, and then the RNC happened. And I think there were a couple of tactical errors at the RNC. Yeah. I, I think JD Vance incredibly smart. I'm not sure that JD Vancey added anything to the ticket that Donald Trump didn't already have going for him on the ticket. I would've picked somebody like Glenn Young Kin if it had been me and tried to make some sort of play for the middle. Tried to make some play for, for, for women voters. And then I think that Trump's speech at the RNC Wa was a very bad move for him. I think that he had a unique opportunity a week after the assassination attempt to do something almost reaganesque. Right? I mean, obviously they, you know, he was, Reagan was shot by Hinckley and, and he, there was a unifying kind of rally round Reagan moment because of that. Because Reagan treated that with such geniality and joviality and, and let's come together. And, and Trump could have done that.


He could have given a speech where he said, listen, you know, I've said divisive things in the past. I'm gonna keep saying things that piss some people off. That's just who I am. But when a bullet whizzes past your ear and kill somebody behind you, that makes you start to think about the things that are important in life. The thing that's important to me is making America strong. That's the thing I've always cared about. That's the thing. I care about you and your family. Like that would've been a moment when he could have done that, that he didn't do that. And so people ask me at, at the RNC when he was up in the polls, what I felt like, and I said, I feel like a baseball fan who is in the sixth inning and we're up three runs. Yeah. And we just left bases loaded, no outs. And you know that it's gonna come back on you. And then that's kind of what I felt like ever since then and should stopped. Yes. Right. I, I mean, I felt like 30, 40 minutes into it, I, I was telling my kids, I'm like, this is fascinating.


This is just great. This is, this is a grand slam to right baseball. But then he just went on too long and that, that I, I mean hour and a half, almost two hours. And then he started taking some shots of Biden. Not as harsh as usual, but he, but he should have stopped there. By the way, the most meaningful thing to me in that speech, especially being a Reagan scholar after Reagan was shot March 30th, 1981. And, and Reagan says to a number of different people, he wrote this in his diary, said it to Billy Graham, said it to his son Michael. He said it to Mother Teresa. He said it to Terrence Cardinal Cook, whatever time I have left is for him, capital HIM him. Right. My life has been spared tells this to John Paul ii a year later when they meet at the Vatican after both had survived assassination attempts.


And Trump said that night in Milwaukee. And he said it, I'm, I, I, you know, I'm a scholar of this stuff. I'm writing these down. Right. There's about 12 examples now where Trump has said, God spared my life. God spared my life. So that's a very humbling, humbling thing. But unless the humility is further, and, and I think he has softened that. He doesn't seem as harsh as before, but, but he still has that edge to him that I don't think is gonna push him over 48, 40 9%. Even after the shooting in Butler. By the way, you probably know this Butler, Pennsylvania is my hometown. You believe that? I mean, wow. Isn't that great? Now we're in for this Butler High School class of 84, which is only a 25 minute drive from where I am in Grove City.


Grove City College. But, but, but yeah, I mean he was, that's probably about the peak of where he got, I'm going in probably too many directions. He's also lost the, the edge he had with Hispanic voters, which was looking not he, I don't think he was gonna win 50%. I thought he should have picked somebody like Cruz or Rubio. I hate doing identity politics. I, but those guys are the future of the party. Not that JD Vance isn't, but but that would've really done something for him. And I, I think one of the areas where Kamala is really taking a step up on him is with Latino voters. 'cause they weren't voting for Biden, at least not in the numbers they usually were.


She seems to have pulled a, a good number of them away from Trump. So I think that was kind of a strategic electoral political mistake by Trump. I I think the other thing that, that is really fascinating about how Trump has campaigned and, and this is true since 2016. He took the, the sort of position against the field in 2016 that the Iraq war was inherently bad. He said some things that you would've expected to hear actually on the Democratic stage in 2016 with regard to both Iraq and Afghanistan Code pink international answer. Right? Yeah. Bush lied. He Lied. He he lied. He didn't lie. Right. Exactly. Exactly. He was using that kind of language and because by that point, the country had turned on the Iraq war that allowed him to be the insurgent inside the candidacy. But that also has meant that there has been this growing wing inside the Republican party.


When you talk about the rejection of Reaganism, I, I would say that the rejection of Reaganism has come in a couple of flavors. It's not on the socially conservative front. I think that the rejection of Reaganism has come in the economic flavor, and it's come in the foreign policy flavor. And I would say more on the foreign policy flavor than on the economic flavor. There. There's been, there's been a new sort of Pap Buchanan isolationism that has cropping up in the Republican party. It's always been there. I mean, there, there it to, to pretend that it wasn't there in the thirties, forties, fifties, is to be ignorant of sort of the, the split in the Republican party. That that has been there for a very long time. But it, it was, it was sort of in abeyance for a while. And now it seems to have come back with a, with a fair bit of, of alacrity this sort of anti hawkishness, anti muscularity in, in foreign policy.


And it's been exacerbated by, by sort of the, the bifurcated way that Trump has dealt with foreign policy. He talks like Pap Buchanan and then he actually acts like Ronald Reagan. Hi, his foreign policy is extremely reaganesque. Let's build up the military. He's through strength. Yeah, exactly. Let's, let's threaten our enemies. If they decide that they want to, you know, try and threaten us, we'll back them off that point. And I remember I did a fundraiser for President Trump, and, and in that fundraiser, he, he was, we were in the back room and he was saying that he had that, the reason that he says the reason Henry Mayor Putin never went into Ukraine is 'cause I said to him, Vlad, Vlad, if you go into Ukraine, I'm gonna bomb this out of you. And Vlad looked at me and he said, no, you won't. And I said, well, I might. And then, and then Trump looks at me and says, if, if you're the United States and, and they think there's a 5% chance you're gonna blow the out of them, then they don't wanna try.


I mean, that's like pure kind of Reagan back him off the back, him off the, the point with deterrence. Right. And, and so what he did as actual president is very reaganesque. The way he talks about foreign policy is very not Reagan us. And so it, it's led to this, this bizarre split in the Republican party where people who are perceived as too hawkish on foreign policy are now considered sort of hyper interventionists who are willing to get involved anywhere as opposed to what most of the battles in the Republican party are. Which are really about sort of, which it's more situa situational. Like does this fall into a we shouldn't be involved category or not involved category, not into a democracy building Woodrow Wilson category. I I, I don't see a lot of people who are in that sort of George W. Bush 2005 mode.


Yeah. In fact, Reagan told Gorbachev directly to his face. He said, you know, we're gonna challenge you to an arms race and you know, you can't win it. Right? And, and, and Gorbachev knew that. And, and, and he understood that. And when you look at a lot of conservatives, Trump supporters are angry that George W. Bush and Dick Cheney won't endorse Donald Trump. But I mean, when you say about the primary issue of their foreign policy, the Bush lied about, that's stuff that Ted Kennedy code Pink International Answer was saying in, in those days, you know, Reagan's former arms negotiator, Ken Ken Edelman endorsing Kamala Harris and even saying that if Reagan were alive, I think he would endorse Kamala. Well that's, that's, that's absurd.


Okay. But I can see why they wouldn't support Trump because of that. Alright. You don't need to take the step and endorse Kamala. I mean, do you think she's your peace through strength anti-communist can, I mean, come on. But, but you know, you say things like that, like Trump did in a very unsophisticated, uncouth kind of vulgar way. You're gonna have to take your lumps and expect people like George W. Bush who you accused of lying about WMDs. You're gonna, you have to expect them not to support you. So when you look at sort of the future of the Republican Party, I agree with you that I think that the, the sort of, the Reagan is dead. What did, what did Reaganism ever do for you is, is just ignorant of history. And also when you look at, at sort of hi, his platform, his platform still resonates with the vast majority of the Republican party by every polling metric.


Americans tend to be very in favor of a muscular foreign policy. They're not in favor of intervention or boots on the ground everywhere, but neither was Reagan. They, they're, they're very much in favor of a, of a private property based free market economy. They're not in favor of heavy interventionism and subsidization of the economy. And, and they tend to be more socially conservative, certainly than the left is at, at this point. When you, when you look at that, you know, it's, it's bewildering to me, I think why there's been this attempt to, to pair away from Reagan. Why, why do you think there has been this attempt to say by many in, in sort of the, the MAGA movement as, as opposed to kind of grasping onto the Reagan legacy and saying, yeah, we're a continuation of that. There's been this attempt to say, no, no, we're to, we're something completely new.


We have nothing to do with that, that forget all of that. Yeah. I think it's kind of almost an anger that they feel, Hey, you know, we're following some of these Reagan principles and they're not working for us the way that they did for Reagan. But that gets back to my point of it's not the message, it's the messenger. Alright. You know, Ronald Reagan running on those things today could still win. And I mentioned those 11 principles of Reagan, and you just mentioned a few of 'em there, right? Limited government, lower taxes, peace, peace through strength, belief in the individual anti-communism. Those are all winning issues. I, I mean, you, you beat the Democrats in every election on that, even sanctity and dignity of human life. You know, maybe not on the abortion issue, depending on how you frame it and so forth.


Freedom family, you know, you know, those are still socially conservative. You know, people still support the family generally. So you might lose on certain cultural social issues. Maybe same sex marriage, maybe IVF, right? Maybe, although on gender issues, gender ideology. I mean, that's, you know, I think even Bill Mars said if I, if I was a Republicans i'd, I'd run on drag queen story hour. And in every, every campaign in my state right now, Pennsylvania, Dave McCormick, who's running against Bob Casey Jr. Is constantly hitting him on gender transitioning for teenage girls. You know, that, you know, that's, that's a winning issue. So those are still winning issues.


It's still the right message. You just need the right messenger. Can you win 49 outta 50 states? Probably not. But can you win 40? Yeah, I think so. With the right, with the right messenger. It, it really is interesting the way that the, the left has sort of retcon Reagan. So the, the, the usual critique of Reagan now, and it was at the time, but, but they've really sort of amped this up, is the idea that Reagan was an idiot. And if you read Reagan's diaries, if you, if you read anything that Reagan ever wrote, if you listen to his speeches from the GE circuit, you know that, that that is one of the stupidest contentions ever. I mean, this idea that Ronald Reagan was some sort of complete moron, first of all, I would just point out that if you play even a George W. Bush, Al Gore debate, now it sounds like demo, he debating Socrates.


It's insane, right? I mean, like e ever, every political debate from 25, 30 years ago sounds like people who actually know things. And George W. Bush was ripped as like the dumbest person in America. I was there, I mean, in 2000 they were talking about how he was a complete moron. He couldn't pronounce that. He said nuclear instead of nuclear. And then you watched the debates between him and Gordon, and you're like, these are fairly substantive. And I know, and I know they actually know about issues. And, and I mean, he, he and John Kerry, that was only 20 years ago. That, that's it. I mean, it's crazy. I Watch that debate and, and with, with Reagan, so I, my book The Crusader, Ronald Reagan, the fall of communism lays out that this had been a strategy for Reagan to take down the Soviets dating back to the 1960s. And, and our Reagan movie focuses on that.


And so for, for people who say, even some people on our side, well, you know, it's kind of hagiographic. I mean, what's hagiographic, do you want us to not say that we didn't win the Cold War? You want it to end with a mushroom cloud over Manhattan. Do you want us not to have the tear down the wall speech? Do you want Reagan and Gorbachev not to be shaking hands peacefully ending the Cold War together? Do you want 'em not winning 49 outta 50 states? I I mean, that actually happened. And then you and I, we both into the Reagan Ranch, the end of that film where he rides off into the Reagan ranch, the, the sunset with John Barletta, and they overplay his November 5th, 1994 Alzheimer's letter describing getting Alzheimer's as now I will ride off into the sunset of my life.


Everyone's bawling in the theater while they're watching it. Guess what? That actually happened. He actually said that, you know, this was a time of unity. And I it's a good story. That story can be, can happen again. I think with the right leadership, You know, I I think that it also can happen if there is a, a left that is no longer as radical as as it was. Yeah, that's right. That's right. I mean, like the, the left, They're so vicious Today. I mean, it really has gotten so much worse. Mean people talk about it in sort of, again, hagiographic terms that the sort of tip O'Neill Ronald Reagan relationship, the fact that they would, that they would, you know, get together and that they were friendly with one another, but that that was a real thing.


They Did hold hands together and pray. Yeah. I mean, can you imagine Nancy Pelosi and Donald Trump holding hands together and praying like that is not a thing that's ever going to happen. A, A impossible. And by the way, the the worst vicious reviews we've gotten on the movie from leftists, I've tried to look up the birth dates of some of them. They were born after the eighties or in the eighties, and I think a lot of them just can't, real can't comprehend. See, I, I came of age in the eighties. I was, I turned, I was 17 years old in 19 84, 19 84 presidential election. And these people can't imagine that it actually was a time of unity. And everybody didn't hate the guts of the President. And in those days, just because the president had had an r next to his name didn't mean that you needed to hate him and call him a racist.


Right? So you give them today a message of unity, which they claim that they want, and they hate it. They want to divide, they say they want inclusion and diversity, right? No, they want to divide. So that's a good point. Even if you had the right Reagan today, there'd be a lot more hate of him regardless from the left. That, that's one of the things that's sort of fascinating about the, the transition from Carter to Reagan is that, that Carter, who I think was one of the worst presidents in, in American history, I think that Joe bi, Joe Biden and, and and Carter are the two worst presidents of the last a hundred years by far not close. And, and when, when you, when you look at, at Carter, however, Carter was in 1976 campaigning as a cultural conservative, Carter campaigned as a churchgoing man who wanted to restore honor and normalcy to the White House almost in the same way that, that George W. Bush tried to campaign that way in 2000 against the Clinton legacy.


Right? And, and so in 76, by the time he get to 80, there is this backlash that has materialized almost on both sides of the aisle against the McGovern Knight 1960s left wing far radical coalition. And, and so the, the, the in, in certain kind of cultural ways, Carter almost presages Reagan. So in, in terms of policy, for sure, not in, in terms of policy, Reagan reverses everything Carter does. But in terms of sort of the persona, which is the, I'm, I live on a ranch. I like, you know, I I I I'm a farmer. I, I like God, I like, I like talking about the Bible, right? Like that, that was a thing that, like can you imagine a Democrat campaigning in 2024 on, I live on a ranch and I like the Bible like that, that would not even be remotely thinkable.


Yeah. In fact, mark Rudd and those guys created in 2008, the group progressives for Obama. Right. And in fact, they were, they really were, was ex weatherman Marxists for Obama. And they said that Obama was really the first candidate they could support. Right. Jimmy Carter was a hick and a hay. Right? They didn't like RFK Senior, in fact, Prairie Prairie Fire, the manifesto of the weather underground has among the dedications in the beginning to Shan Shan the shooter of RFK Senior. Right. So for them, they've, they've needed a democratic party that could move to the far left, which it has, it's no longer the Jimmy Carter in 1977 Democratic Party.


Yeah. And, and that, that's sort of my hope for, for the backlash that is to come. I think it is not fully materialized specifically because of all the incoming fire that Trump has taken and Trump's iciness and, and all of that. Because of that, I think that no one has really been able to take advantage of the fact that the Democratic party has moved this far to the left. And so I, I think that Trump positionally has tried to occupy the middle in this election in some ways that, frankly, I don't particularly like as a conservative right on abortion, he has moved really far to the Center on economics. He's basically now throwing out proposals to various subsidies, to various groups depending on, on where he is campaigning these days. But it's very obvious what he's trying to do. He's trying to positionally grab the center and take it away from Kamala Harris is just, he's sort of prohibited by the amount of hatred against him from ever being able to be perceived as sort of the centrist candidate in, in the election.


But what that does say is that whatever comes next, you know, again, God willing, Trump wins and, and some sense of normalcy is restored and he governs well, and then whoever comes after him is, is the person who sort of picks up both the, the Trumpian enthusiasm, but also campaigns in the more optimistic and and warm way that, that you've talked about whatever comes next for the Republican Party, the, the Democrats have moved so far to the insane left, it's hard to see them recovering. And I, I I, for the life of me would, would be, you know, kind of shocked if Republicans is, I'm a little scared of the primary process, I'll be honest with you, just because it seems to be, be selecting for in many cases, some of the worst candidates, but like the opportunity's right there for somebody to grab. Yeah. In fact, and the, and the left is so radical about it that if Trump wins in November, 2024, they should calm down because he'll be out by November, 2020 by January, 2029.


Right. He'll have only one term left. But they're so radical and they've so radicalized themselves with slogans like Hitler, dictator, fascist, Trump's going to destroy democracy. That they, they're making it sound like he's gonna barricade himself in the Oval Office with the Marines and somehow not be able to be removed. Right. They're so radical. And here to return to where we started the conversation, not Marxist, but just extreme radical leftist, right. That, that, that they can't even accurately portray the scenario in front of us. Right. They're that divisive and hateful. Well, Paul, thank you so much for taking the time, folks.


You can go check out all of his books. They're all fantastic. Paul, again, thank you. Thanks so much, Ben. Thanks for all you do. Great joining you. The Ben Shapiro Sunday special is produced by Savannah Morris and Matt Kem. Associate producers are Jake Pollock and John Krick. Production coordinator is Jessica Kranz. Production assistant is Sarah Steele. Editing is by Jeff Tomlin. Audio is mixed by Mike Corina. Camera and Lighting is by Zach gta, hair, makeup, and Wardrobe by Fabiola Christina. Title graphics are by Cynthia Angulo, executive assistant Kelly Carvallo. Executive in charge of production is David Waris, executive producer Justin Siegel, executive producer Jeremy Boring.


The Ben Shapiro Show. Sunday Special is a daily wire production, copyright daily wire 2024.


As a man, finding a good pair of pants can feel impossible, but Jack Archer's jet setting tech pants make it easy made with top tier fabric from Japan that resist wrinkles, stains, and keep you comfortable all day. They're perfect for all day office wear, long flights, nights out, and even around a golf. Seriously, these might be the only pants you'll ever need. For a limited time, get 20% off using Code Daily wire@jackarcher.com. That's 20% off your order with Code Daily wire@jackarcher.com.