
Well folks, obviously we are dark today because it is yet another Jewish holiday. Don't worry, we're reaching the end of them starting on Monday. Ain't no more Jewish holidays for the year. But earlier This week, I had the opportunity to head on up to Montana to appear with Tim Sheehy. He's the Senate candidate for Montana. Able to appear in front of some 1500 people who had come out to hear me. Greg Gen Forte, the great governor of the state of Montana was there as well. Here's what my speech sounded like, also like to thank you for welcoming me. I believe that I individually tripled the Jewish population of the state of Montana. Now, I, of course, am extremely optimistic about not just this race, but also about the national race. I think that President Trump is going to reenter the White House in January of 2025.


What's at stake here is not merely the trajectory of spending, which unfortunately has been not great under both parties. What's at stake here are fundamental values, fundamental American values. There is a civilizational battle going on, and it's not just a civilizational battle that's going on inside the state of Montana or even just in the United States. It's a western civilization wide battle that is going on right now. And this election is part of that battle. And our spell out the consequence of that battle and the stakes of that battle because politics is all the stuff that we do on the surface values. That's the stuff that's the base of the iceberg. That's the stuff that actually life is made of. And politics is just a manifestation of those values.


So what are the competing sets of values that we're talking about here? Well, the values that that built this country, the values of the people of Montana, the values of the people of America have always been what I call lion values, LION, like the value of a lion, okay? And that really breaks down into values. Like you take care of your community, you have a duty to your family. These duties have been inherited from your ancestors, and you owe them to your children, right? You have a duty to go to church and be part of your community. You have a duty to go out and earn. You have a duty to build. And what that means is that Americans have manifested these values in three main ways. One, as innovators and providers and entrepreneurs and pioneers, right?


As people who go out and hunt, okay? The the people who crossed the mountains to get to this place, to live in harsh environments and build places like Montana, these were not people who were like, where's my welfare check? These were people who left more secure places to go to less secure places through devastatingly difficult circumstances, through conditions that we would consider to be absolute abject poverty in order to build. These are people who create, these are entrepreneurs today. They'd be people like Elon Musk, who of course is campaigning for President Trump. And One of the most amazing things to consider about humanity and about Americans and the entrepreneurship in this country is when you consider that everything that Elon Musk is putting into a rocket today, those are materials that were on earth when the cavemen were walking the earth, the materials on earth have not changed.


The only thing that has changed is the entrepreneurial spirit, the innovation, property rights, freedom of speech, right? These are the things that make all of this possible. These are civilizational values. And America has taken advantage of that and has built the greatest civilization in the history of mankind on the back of all of that. And it's not just innovators like Elon Musk, it's people who go to work every day and work to actually make their community better, who make products and services and goods that make life better for everybody who bring home the pay so that their family can be raised properly, right? Those are the providers, those are the hunters. And then there are the Warriors, right? Those are the people who are out there on the front lines talking police firefighters, our soldiers, people like Tim Sheehy actively on the front lines defending this country and the values of this country.


Those are the people who look at our civilization and realize that not everybody on the planet thinks the same way. In fact, there are a lot of people on the planet who think a very different way and a worse way, because there are better ways to think and worse ways to think. There are better cultures and worse cultures. And it turns out that defending the better culture requires brave people on the front lines who are willing to do bad things in the night to protect their civilization. And we owe them our allegiance. We owe them our support, and we owe them our undying gratitude. And then there are the people that I like to call the weavers, okay? These are the people who build the homes and build the communities. And these are the people who you never hear of, but they're the people who actually make civilization happen.


These are the moms who are staying home to raise their kids and make sure that their kids actually know how to do math. These are the teachers in schools who are doing that work. These are the pastors that their local church making sure that the impoverished are taking care of. These are the people who spend their time building the social fabric, right? These are the people who make up America the pioneers, the Warriors and the Weavers. That is one vision of how America works. And then there's a very different vision. And that different vision is a vision that unfortunately has gained an enormous amount of prominence in Western civilization as a whole. And this is as opposed to the lions, the scavengers, the people who believe that they are owed everything and owe nothing. It's more on this in a moment.


First, folks, it's tough to prioritize your health, especially if you're not sure where to start. And this is why I'm excited to introduce Lumen. So I care a lot about staying in shape, and honestly, I'm traveling around a lot, so I need all the help I can get, and Lumen helps me out. It's the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning, and you know what's going on with your metabolism, which means you know whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs. Forget those one size fits all diet fats. What sets lumen apart is the ability to understand you on a personal level. But the crazy news cycle, in all the travel I've been doing recently, this device is an absolute lifesaver. It takes my unique metabolic data and crafts, a personalized nutrition plan for every day tailored to my body's needs and goals. With Lumen, you're not just getting a device, you're getting a health companion. Breathe into it before and after a workout or a meal in realtime insights into your body's metabolic response. Lumen will provide you with actionable tips to help you stay on top of your health. If you wanna take the next step in improving your health, head on over to lumen.me/ SHAPIRO to get 15% off your Lumen. That's LUE n.me. Use SHAPIRO for 15% off your purchase.


They owe no duty to their civilization, no duty to the people around them. They do not believe that they owe it to themselves or to their community to be pioneers, to build things, to make things better, to go to work. They are owed something. And if they don't get that thing, they're angry at the civilization that does not give them that thing. And it needs to be fundamentally restructured. It needs to be fundamental change in the words of President Obama, and it needs to be radical change. The system is to blame when failure occurs. Pioneering is bad because pioneering is just evidence of exploitation, right? That's another philosophy. The philosophy that says that the Warriors who have to do bad things in the night, those are bad people and they're representative of a bad civilization. And if only we were just sweet and nice to everybody on earth, well then everybody would be sweet and nice right back to us.


And that is ignorant, and it is stupid, and it is dangerous, and it gets human beings killed. The kind of human beings that populate our civilization. Stupidity has consequences. It has consequences like leaving billions of dollars of military equipment to the tender predations of the Taliban in Afghanistan. It has consequences like the consequences of October 7th when the Biden Harris administration decides that it's going to make overtures to the Iranian Maas. It has consequences all over the world because it turns out that America's enemies are not nearly as stupid as America's left, And they're perfectly willing to do terrible things.


And these people also happen to be the same people who oppose the weavers because they see the social fabric as an imposition, right? When they look at, at how they feel about themselves, most, the way most people define themselves and have throughout Western history is as individuals with duties. You're defined in your life by the things you do in your life. You know, when I talk to young people, which I do for a living, when I talk to young people, one of the things that I frequently say is, if you're looking for a purpose in life and what your life should be, actually the best way to determine what a human life looks like is by going to the cemetery and looking what's written on the gravestones. What's written on the gravestones at a cemetery is not, how did this person feel internally? What was this person's sexual orientation or self decided gender That's never on the gravestone.


What's on the gravestone is beloved husband, beloved father, beloved mother, beloved daughter, right? Rules that you fill in society that make the world a better place, and your family a better family and your children better people, right? Those are the rules. But there's a group of people who believe that what they really are is not people who actually owe duties to one another and a series of values to be implemented in the next generation. They, they don't believe in that. What they believe is they are their feelings, and if their feelings are hurt, that's an imposition on them. And that means that any social institution that sets rules and has expectations is necessarily bad and an imposition. So family is bad because it, it has an imposition on me.


It makes demands of me. Church is bad. We ought to get people outta church because church, you know, it turns out that when you read the book, the book says you should do things and doing things might be an imposition on who you are. And so we should fight all of that. We should tell people not to go to church. In fact, church is is just a bastion of bigotry, right? These are people who believe that all the rules have to be transgressed. Family is an enemy because family, again, has those expectations of you. And so we have to break down all society into radical, isolationist, individualism, aism that breaks down society. That is a vision. And the only unifying thing about the people who oppose providing and oppose the Warriors and oppose the weavers, is that they believe that if they are given ultimate power, they can restructure society in a better way.


They have to tear down the system and build something new. Now, they disagree on what actually has to be built, but they agree that the system has to be to, that is the coalition of the modern left, not just the coalition in the United States, but also abroad. And that is what we are fighting for right now. Our civilization is at a crossroads. And elections like this matter because history turns on inflection points on things that in retrospect look major. But in the moment, they look like where they're really gonna matter all that much. It's one Senate. The answer is yes. One EE absolutely matters because this can be the moment where America changes the inflection of its future. There's a party in this country that wants the future of America to be stagnation, social decay, foreign policy weakness.


They want America to basically slide into a morass just a little slowly. And then there's one party and there's one group of people who want America to build, to explode forth. They want the next century to not just be an American century, but to be the American century, the greatest America has ever been. This is what President Trump's means when he says, make America great again. He doesn't mean everything about America's past was perfect. What he means is our vision of America, the people who built America, that's still there, and it lives in all of us, and it can live within all of our children. If we provide them the same framework of values and the same framework of institutions, and the same framework of courage that our parents provided to us.