
Dental One Associates redefine what it means to visit the dentist. Get top quality, personalized support from committed experts that prioritize the wellbeing and satisfaction of you and your family. Care is centered on a highly personalized treatment plan backed by the trust and support of long lasting relationships. Find out how you can make an appointment for a custom smile design experience by visiting doa-siriusxm.com. It's the Roaring twenties in America, an age of miracles, an age of art, an age of xx, but no more.


Now, the thirties have begun and there is a new word, depression. What caused the Great Depression and could it happen again? It's one of the great puzzles of economics and one of the most important questions in history. It's important because depending on what you think caused the Great Depression, you might structure an entire economic policy around avoiding such a situation again, and indeed, that's precisely what has happened over the course of American history. In the desire to prevent another great depression, our government has grown in unprecedented ways. Ironically, setting the stage for a great stagnation still to come. There are essentially three main theories as to what caused the Great Depression, the Keynesian theory, the Modest Risk Theory, and the Austrian theory.


John Maynard Keynes, born in 1883, is perhaps the most influential economist in modern history. His book, the General Theory of Employment Interest in Money, is a nearly unreadable to with a seductive central thesis that a free market economy left to its own devices does not create full employment, but that by increasing demand in the marketplace via government pumping full employment can indeed be achieved. According to Keynes, the problem of the Great Depression was secular stagnation. People apparently stopped wanting to buy things normally. The idea is that if consumption falls savings rise, when savings rise, interest rates go down. As banks need to pay people less for storing their money. When interest rates go down, borrowing increases, investments and innovation are thus renewed.


This theory supply side economics was rejected by Keynes Keynes argued that if businesses expected demand to level offer the long term, they wouldn't invest at all. Thus, to restart the economy, massive government interventionism would be necessary. FDR took the Keynesian theory to heart. It failed utterly. In fact, in an early iteration of Keynesian theory, Herbert Hoover actually radically increased government spending. Here's Hoover on his own agenda. In 1932, We might've done nothing that would've been utter ruin. Instead, we met the situation with proposals to private business and to the Congress of the most gigantic program of economic defense and counter attack ever involved, ever evolved in the history of the Republic in 1929, the federal budget was $3.1 billion.


By 1932, it increased it to $4.6 billion, a nearly 50% increase. Hoover also participated in subsidies to agriculture on a massive scale, tried to pressure firms not to cut workers, and wages forced the government to pay above market wages for federal projects. Hoover also pursued government sponsored loans to states and banks. Hoover even pressed enormous tax increases. FDR doubled down on Hoover's policies. This vicious tightening circle of our declining national income had to be broken. We accepted the final responsibility of government to spend money when no one else had money left to spend. The result was according to professors Harold Cole and Lee Hanian of UCLA's, department of Economics and Economic Depression, prolonged by at least seven years.


According to Cole and Hanian, president Roosevelt believed that excessive competition was responsible for the depression by reducing prices and wages and by extension, reducing employment and demand for goods and services. So he came up with a recovery package that would be unimaginable today, allowing businesses in every industry to collude without the threat of antitrust, prosecution, and workers to demand salaries about 25% above where they ought to have been given market forces. The economy was poised for a beautiful recovery, but that recovery was stalled by these misguided policies by artificially inflating both prices and wages. The New Deal policies short circuited the market's self-correcting forces. Then there's the second theory of the Great Depression, the Monetarist theory in their classic 1963 book, A Monetary History of the United States, Milton Friedman and Anna Schwartz suggested that the Great Depression was caused by a drop in the stock of money.


Banks began calling in loans in order to pay off their depositors, thus sucking liquidity out of the economy. This lack of monetary supply, they argued led to a massive contraction as people hoarded the money they had in the aftermath of the collapse of Keynesian Theory of Economics, thanks to stagflation in the seventies in which money was injected into the system only to lead to high levels of inflation and economic stagnation. The Monet risk theory became the way of the world. It remains the basis for Federal Reserve policy today, which seeks monetary stability. The final theory of the Great Depression is the Austrian theory. These economists believed that easy money policies essentially created a bubble prior to the Great Depression. That bursting bubble was then exacerbated by terrible economic policy.


There's a debate among Austrian economists as to whether Milton Friedman's theory of monetary contraction was correct, or whether as Murray Rothbart argued, the real problem was a lack of faith in the system from the population at large that the Federal Reserve could not have stemmed by simply injecting more cash into the system. We had to more on this in a second.


First, anybody with a basic understanding of economics can see the economy is not in amazing shape right now. I'm not saying that the plane is falling out of the sky, but just in case it were, you would want a parachute. Well, here is your economic parachute warning. I've been telling you for years, you need to diversify your portfolio with precious metals. If you'd listened to me years ago, you'd been better off Birch. Gold makes it easy to convert your IRA or 401k into a precious metals IRA. It's a smart way to protect your hard earned savings from impending economic disaster. But hey, if protecting your financial future isn't motivation enough, how about this backed by popular demand. Now through the end of the month, you can get your very own 24 karat gold-plated truth bomb on qualifying purchases. It's a little reminder of those truth bombs we hear at Daily. Wire deliver every day and the smart decision you made to invest in gold. Here's what you need to do. Text BEN to 98. 98 98, we get a free info kit. Learn how you can own gold in a tax shelter to IRA account. It's I'll put our financial parachutes on before the economy takes a nose dive. Do not wait for the crash to hit. That's too late. Text BEN to 98. 98 98 right now. Claim your eligibility. Qualifying purchases made before August 31st can get a golden truth bomb to serve as a reminder of the great decision you made to protect your savings with gold. That's BEN to 98. 98. 98 today.


Why are you selling your house? Loss of job and relocation Home next to it is in foreclosure. Two others behind me, the one across the street and two more at the end. It's like you know, leaving your children, I mean, I'm walking away from something that's meant so much to me. The argument's about the Great Depression were projected forward into arguments about the causes of the Great Recession in 2007, 2008. The left essentially argued that greedy banking industry tightens took advantage of predatory loans on those who couldn't afford them, sliced and diced those loans and mixed them with higher rated assets, creating an entire industry of poison credit instruments, which were then insured in credit default swaps.


When subprime loans went bust, the entire system took it on the chin. The solution was more government regulation, and for some reason, more subsidization of demand for things like subprime mortgages. The right argues that all of this was incentivized by governmental action, yet Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, but the Clinton era revision of the Community Investment Act led to bank regulators, pressuring banks to make those subprime loans. But the quiet guarantee that if things went south, the government would bail them out. By the year 2000, Fannie and Freddie had been ordered by the Department of Housing and Urban Development to make half of their mortgage purchases affordable housing loans. Total, CRA lending spiked from $8 billion in 1991 to $4.5 trillion in 2007.


By 1999, only 45% of residential mortgage loans acquired by Fannie and Freddie were solid prime loans. As Senator Phil Graham, former Republican chairman of the Senate Banking Committee and Mike Solan, former economic policy advisor to Mitch McConnell, wrote the people who destroyed lending standards by driving subprime lending. Blame banks agree, deregulation for causing the financial crisis. But a review of banking laws adopted since 1980 reveals that not one single safety and soundness measure was repealed. We've risen from recession. We have the capacity to write our own future. We're better positioned than any other nation on earth. All these theories were tried out in the aftermath of the crash of 2008. The economic crash became a great recession. Thanks to the intervention of Barack Obama who spiked spending taxation and regulation, he followed FDRs playbook.


The result was the slowest economic recovery in modern American history. In 1994, the federal government spent about 1.5 trillion bucks. In 2007, the federal government spent about 2.7 trillion bucks. In 2009, that number jumped to $3.5 trillion and stayed around or above that number for the entirety of Barack Obama's presidency. To understand what bad depression policy looks like, it's also worth looking at. Two depressions that didn't happen in 1907, the stock market cratered after a failed attempt to takeover of United Copper. A consortium of major bankers led by JP Morgan came in and bought up all the troubled assets. John Rockefeller inserted an enormous amount of his own money into a troubled bank. A panic lasted precisely one month. In 1920, the markets entered a depression as the United States and the rest of the world exited the war economy of World War I.


Inflation and wartime expenditures had put governments behind the eight ball, their solution, a massive slashing of the federal budget from $18.5 billion in 1919 to $6.4 billion in 1920, and then all the way down to $3.3 billion in 1922. The New York Fed meanwhile raised its discount rate Despite a collapse in the monetary base. The unemployment rate spiked to 11.7% in 1921. It was down to 2.4% by 1923. As Robert P. Murphy of the Independent Energy Institute writes, the conclusion seems obvious to anyone whose mind is not firmly locked into the Keynesian or Monnet risk framework. The free market work economic theory has practical consequences. A free market remains the single best answer to the possibility of great depression, not regulation, not priming the pump.


The free market


College is expensive, but being a man shouldn't be. Score 60% off Jeremy's razors, one year of shaving and dominate campus life while others conform. You'll stand out clean, shaven and unapologetic. The Precision five delivers an exceptionally smooth and close shave, designed with a precision trimmer for keeping your edge and an ergonomic handle for superior control. Major in masculinity at jeremy's razors.com.


Today,


you Wanna fast, reliable connection for all the streaming, gaming and internetting you love. You need Xfinity Internet with gateway's engineered to handle hundreds of devices at once. Visit xfinity.com to learn more Xfinity, bring on the good stuff. Restrictions apply. Not available on all areas.