
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course, If you enjoy overpaying, no judgements, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


Hey, Midas, mighty Ben Misel is here from the Midas Touch Network and the Midas Touch Podcast. Since the news broke that the Midas Touch podcast is now getting more audio downloads than the Joe Rogan show. We've got a lot of new subscribers, so I thought I would spend the time to welcome you all to the Midas Touch Network, to the Midas Touch Podcast as well. You'll see here on the Midas Touch podcast that we have a show that I do with my younger brothers, Brett and Jordy, that I am super excited to do each and every week. Make sure you check out those podcasts.


Also throughout the day, we will drop other podcasts on this feed, so make sure you keep checking back since we do some breaking news hits on this podcast feed as well as deliver other news. Of course, you can check out our YouTube page as well, which has over 4 million subscribers and is quickly growing to 5 million subscribers. You can also check us out@midasplus.com. Just make sure you spell Midas correctly, M-E-I-D-A-S-P-L-U s.com. That's our substack where we post daily articles and where our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski provides what I think is the best daily recap of the events of the day, and he posts that almost every single day.


The only days he doesn't post are Wednesday and Saturday. He does a full weekend recap on Sunday, and then every other day of the week you will get a post from Ron Philip Kowski. Once again, that's at midas plus.com. I'd like to just spend a little bit of time with you if I may, to read you a message that I posted on our substack@midasplus.com on Saturday morning. I'd like to read it to you so you can hear it. To all of our new podcast listeners and older podcast listeners and everyone else, I just wanted to share with you this entry, it's been really popular on Substack, so I thought I would share it with you.


I call it a message from the Midas founder. Let me read it for you right now. Hey, Midas mighty, it's Ben. My Myel is co-founder of the Midas Touch Network and host of the number one most down downloaded podcast in America with my brothers, Brett and Jordy. Yes, we officially dethroned Joe Rogan this week in monthly podcast downloads. Thank you to all of our substack subscribers for fueling this organic growth. Please subscribe to this substack If you can. Then I go in and I say the following, let's not mince words about what is taking place. Okay. Trump and Musk now lead a repressive and authoritarian regime.


America is no longer a democracy under them. Trump and Musk are engaged in a constitutional coup to shred our founding documents and remove the separation of powers. They are tyrants. Republicans in the House and Senate are complicit co-conspirators in the coup. These are evil people who hate our democracy and hate our freedoms. They want us to be sick, weak, poor, starving, angry, begging and Russian. Let's be clear-eyed and not talk around this. Why are they doing this? Because they are sick and cruel people.


That's why for them, money isn't so much even a measure of wealth as it is a tool to inflict suffering, which gets them off. In Putin, they see the ultimate manifestation of evil that they relish The torture, pain and hate are not a bug. It's their desire and their final solution. Once we identify the problem with clear language like this, we can solve for it just as one must identify the disease before devising the cure, we cannot normalize the behavior we are witnessing or treat it as business as usual, and I believe one of the reasons the Midas Touch network has been growing is because we call it what it is.


Even if that pisses people off, so be it. This is a time for fearless resistance. Trump and Musk did not believe America was capable of mounting an effective resistance to their shock and awe campaign of government bulldozing. For the first weeks, Americans seemed frozen in place expecting politicians and institutions to do something, anything at all. Americans were used to checks and balances and guardrails working. That didn't happen, but recently something clicked. People realized that they had to take matters into their own hands.


People saw Trump and Musk gutting our government, destroying our institutions, destroying our international, standing in alliances and intentionally crashing our economy. Trump Musk and their authoritarian regime were inflicting are inflicting cruel and unusual punishment on us. The people this past week, it seems that Americans made a major breakthrough in our shared resistance. Trump Musk and their maga GULs poked and prodded you. They diced and sliced your hopes and aspirations. They used and abused you.


They trashed veterans and disabled Americans. They went after the most vulnerable. They came for your Medicaid. They came for your healthcare. They came for your dignity. They came for your happiness. They tried to break you, but you didn't break the will of the American people solidified this week, people stopped looking for a superhero and realized that they were the fighters they were looking for and people started rising up. When history is written about the downfall of Trump, and it will be written this week will be viewed as the start of an energy not seen before in American history.


It's an energy that hasn't been felt before because Americans have never had to confront an overtly authoritarian regime on our soil when our history is written. I believe this week will be remembered as the moment when the real silent majority of Americans understood the assignment. We know that what is to come won't be easy, but we see a path to victory. It is not a coincidence that this week the Midas Touch Network dethroned Joe Rogan on podcast downloads and Fox on digital platforms, we've been trying our best to keep people in the fight against Trump and Musk and not give up, and it really felt like this week people got it and collectively said enough.


We've been following the town halls in red and blue districts alike, where real patriotic Americans of all political parties are letting politicians know how angry they are about how Trump and Musk have destroyed America. People are livid that Musk and his team of 19 to 25 year olds have been invading our privacy, taking sensitive records, destroying government departments and agencies and firing people in the most cruel ways imaginable. People are livid at Trump's press conferences where he blames these surging Inflation and crashing markets on former President Biden.


We know that under Biden, our 4 0 1 Ks were up prescription drug prices were down, jobs were plentiful, and we didn't worry about daily chaos or planes crashing seemingly all the time. Trump, the perennial con artist and fraud has lied about everything and people know it now. People of all different political affiliations are uniting. Trump's approval ratings are crashing and are now the worst in the history of the Gall poll. For this time in a presidency, Trump is compounding the hatred of him with his sick and twisted stunts, calling himself a king, using tens of millions of our tax dollars to vacation, to golf, or ride around in a racetrack.


In his motorcade, Trump is a sick, demented, evil human who deserves zero respect. We will show him none since he shows our country none while running around to promote our enemies. Like Putin, Trump and Musk believed all resistance would be crushed by now, and they are getting more desperate as the pressure cooker they created, or should I say, the damn they fund, they, the damn they defunded is ready to burst. There are no historical analogs to this moment in American history. Instead of viewing this as some curse, let's consider ourselves fortunate that history has brought each and every one of us here together.


We have each other. We still have the ability to fight together. Our numbers and momentum are growing. We are fortunate because we have the opportunity to deliver the decisive blow against a movement of hate and destruction that has taken root in America. I can just feel it in the air. It's a spirit. It's a fervor. It's an energy. It's the discombobulated stew of splattered remnants of the melting pot of the American dream that once was yearning to find its equilibrium again, it's the patriotism, it's duty, it's a calling. It's all of these things and more, and it's here right now.


We didn't choose to be here in this moment in history, but we are being called to action now. Right now, when I watch Trump's speeches these days, I see weakness not strength. How about you? I see a pathetic and scared person yearning to be a strong man, but who knows? He's just a two bit con man with Putin imposter syndrome. He is terrified of us. We the people and his house of cards is collapsing fast. I expect a Bunker Boy spring. If we can keep this momentum up, we are lucky to have you on our team in this moment of history.


Midas mighty, we need you on our team. The growth of the Midas Touch Network is because of you. It's that simple. You've shared our videos on YouTube, on Instagram and TikTok with everyone you know each day, and you share this substack with everyone as well. You are telling others about the Midas Touch Network. You are having others subscribe to our audio podcast. We are gaining hundreds of thousands of new subscribers each day because of you, and in those numbers are patriotic Americans who want to save our constitution and our democracy. You have made the Midas Touch Network the leader of all independent media, and we hope we are making you proud by fearlessly meeting this moment to stand up to the authoritarian Trump and Musk regime each and every day.


From the time I wake up to the time I go to sleep, I promise you I will put it all on the line each day. I want our country to once again, experience love, shared empathy, happiness, success, true patriotism and objective truth. Once again, I will fight and I will use this network and I will use this podcast to sacrifice everything I have to get our constitution and our democracy back. This is what the moment calls for and we will answer that call. I want to thank you all for listening to that.


You can go to our substack@midasplus.com, M-E-I-D-A-S-P-L-U s.com. You can subscribe there. Make sure you're subscribed across all of our platforms, and please, after this recording is done, it would be a huge help If you shared this audio recording with anyone and everyone you know, just text message people, post on your Facebooks, on your social medias. Tell people who you meet with over the next few days to listen to that speech and to subscribe to the Midas Touch Network everywhere. That would be the biggest help to us. One more time, you can go to our substack@midasplus.com.


We appreciate you so much. We're in this together and we are going to prevail in the end. I promise you that


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, lemme point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.