
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. HELP is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply


Lawsuits against the Trump regime for disappearing migrants, lawsuits against the Trump regime and Elon Musk for stealing people's data lawsuits against the Trump regime in order to get access to information what Trump and Elon Musk and Doge are doing. Lawsuits against the Trump regime for discrimination against L-G-B-T-Q rights and the targeting of the trans community. Lawsuits against the Trump regime for attacking the Department of Education and book bans lawsuits against the Trump regime for revoking student visas and throwing foreign students into detention centers without due process on the front lines of it all.


Holding the United States away from dictatorship is the A CLU who filed lawsuits on all of those areas. And more, I could probably spend 10 minutes listing all of the areas and topics, but I wanna bring in ACLU's executive director Anthony Romero, and of course the big win by the A CLU in the Supreme Court blocking the deportation of the second group of migrant victims that the Trump regime wanted to send to a concentration camp in El Salvador. And one of the points I just wanna mention about that case that people don't know necessarily is how that A CLU legal team, they were calling the district court judge, they were calling the court of appeals and the Trump regime was lying and they were saying, trust us, bro, we're we're not gonna do anything with those migrants while they, they were loading the buses with the migrants and your team, Anthony Romero was calling the district court judge like, don't call me ex parte communication.


Your team's like, what are you talking about? This is an emergency. The Supreme Court listened. I just wanna, on behalf of the millions of people who follow us here at the Midas Touch Network, and I'm speaking for everybody who loves democracy. Thank you for your work at the A CLU Anthony Romero Executive Director. It's my privilege, my pleasure. Yeah. And and they turned those buses around. We got the call from the Supreme Court. I think the clerk called at 1:00 AM to tell us about the order. And that was over the Easter weekend. It's been crazy, Ben. I mean, we've had th we have filed 39 lawsuits thus far, and we'd be here all day if we had to talk about all of them. But you've got the major points, the highlight's.


Perfect. Well, You know, what people don't realize is that the only reason that the district court and the Fifth Circuit ruled against the, you all representing the migrants before it got to the Supreme Court was because Trump and his DOJ was saying, you don't have anything to worry about. We're gonna give these migrants a hearing. They'll get their habeas corpus based on what the Supreme Court said before. But they were lying. They were lying while they were loading up. That was the issue. Totally. And when they're saying reasonable notice, they were trying to say that reasonable notice would be as little as 12 hours to give someone notice that they're being deported out of the country into a third country.


I mean, these are Venezuelans being moved to El Salvador. It's one of the worst prisons in the world. And the notice they were giving them were documents in English that they could not fully apprehend. So I mean, that really is gonna kind of, I think, stick in the cr of the Supreme Court when they say reasonable notice. You can't say a paper that the person can't read within 12 hours, and we just shuffle you out of the country into a, a, a third party country and, and lock you up possibly for the rest of your life in the most dangerous prison in the Western Hemisphere. And that saying a lot is, is really, I don't think it's gonna fly. Look, the A CLU has always met the moment, but you were particularly ready to meet the moment here with these dozens of lawsuits at a high level.


Can you, a lot of people after the election, they were saying, I don't know what to do. People were down. But that's when you all were building your team, you were preparing for this. Just maybe talk at a high level about the strategy to stop the, it's Been about a year before the election, right? Because I, you know, I don't know what's gonna the future portends, but I know I, I am overly neurotic and I prepare for the worst case. And so we have been marching through organizational plans even before when even Biden was in the race. And then when Kamala Harris got into the race, we were planning out for what we would do if Trump were to win the presidency a second time. We know his playbook from the first time around.


At that time we filed 434 legal actions against the Trump administration, but we knew the same playbook would not work in Trump 2.0. And so we need to redouble our efforts and rethink it. So we issued a bunch of public documents, I think seven memos, all in analyzing the Trump campaigns promises on all these different issue areas, abortion, voting rights, immigrants free speech. But then we spent a lot of time internally kind of studying like how would we operationalize those plans? And so that's why on the first day when he signed the executive order, trying to undo birthright citizenship, we, we can talk about, I think it's trampling on hollowed ground, right?


But we were able to file our lawsuit first of any other organization or entity within two hours of him signing that executive order. Because we had figured out the theories. We had figured out where we're gonna file. We had identified clients, pregnant women, immigrants in, in the jurisdiction. We wanted to file whose kids would be born after the executive order would go into effect, and whose kids would be stripped of US citizenship. So we had kind of game it all out. And then so when we saw that the executive order was coming down the pike, we were ready to hit play. And that's been our, our playbook all throughout. I mean, even with the Alien Enemies Act, we had kind of mapped out a bunch of those issues. Now some of this we're having to make up in real time because the, the, the facts are changing, the circumstances are changing.


The rulings from the Supreme Court and the District Courts Supreme require us to, to, to be nimble and to, and to change our strategy as it evolves. But, but the, the level of, there were literally thousands of a CLU staff hours spent on a Trump strategy even before the election. And then preparation president, we had to get even doubly more ready. Preparation, preparation, preparation and fluidity. You mentioned Birthrights, the citizenship. So that case is going before the Supreme Court oral arguments on May 15th. You were the first to file. Talk to us about what you expect to happen there. Were you surprised that the Supreme Court granted cer on that to hear it?


Did you expect it? What's Gonna happen? I was surprised. So This one is not our case. This is a, the series of other cases brought by State Attorneys General. And so it's more on the procedural matter around birthright citizenship, about whether or not they have standing to bring this case and whether or not a federal judge should be able to grant a nationwide injunction across the whole country. So it's, it's, it's gonna be on the more limited procedural issues, but obviously we'll be reading the tea leaves like everybody else to see that when ultimately the full question is broached. You know, can Donald Trump by executive order revoke birthright citizenship? So let's break it down for a sec, Ben, because for me, this is the, one of the most important cases we've got, right?


Birthright citizenship was put in place to fix America's original sin with chattel slavery. It's how we took the children of slaves and made them citizens. It is hollowed ground. The 14th amendment was the way in which we perfected this American experiment in democracy and equality under the law. It's also the way that we ensure that after generations of immigrants came to our nation shores, that we were all equal citizens of the law. If you were born here, you're an American period, right? So this idea that we're gonna kind of delve into a person's family background, if your mother, your father were not US citizens, if they were not here lawfully, then we will deny you citizenship.


It really is a, a massive power grab on some of the most critical set of issues that affect this country. Like who we are as a people. The fact that we are a nation of immigrants, of all people, it equal under the law, right? And so that's why for me, this is one of the most important cases. 'cause if he, if he is allowed to undo birthright citizenship with an executive order, something that's in the statute, it's been codified in statute and it's in the co it's in the Constitution, right? It's the 14th amendment, then we really are in, in, in, in much more perilous ground than I think we wanna be. So that's why this, this first case is really about it. It should have been, I didn't think they would grant oral argument on it.


Usually they handle the preliminary motions like This one on the shadow dock and they issue opinions if they want to. But This one they've granted oral argument, surprising to many. I'm gonna try to get down there from May 15th. We wanna see ultimately how they might be stacking up. I think we win This one. I've been betting on This one. I don't usually bet because the Supreme Court always breaks my heart. But I think This one even we get some of the kind of conservatives like the Textualists, like, like Justice Gorsuch. How could he not rule that the plain language both in the statute and in the 14th Amendment governed here. But we'll have to see how the, how the procedural arguments go on the 15th and then it will be back up at the court, I think with a on on the merits at some, at some subsequent point.


The A CLU prepared a lot for what was gonna happen in Trump 2.0. The fact that Elon Musk and Doge has played such a prominent role as a wrecking ball in a hostile takeover of the federal government, cruelly firing people with a, with a glee of stripping people's dignity while stripping away essential services. The A CLU has been on the front line of many lawsuits there and many lawsuits gathering the information which Musk and Trump wanna avoid just turning over what they're even doing and what and data they're gathering on people. Can you speak to the Musk factor and the ACL's battle there?


Sure, sure. And here we played a role, but frankly there have been other groups that have really carried more of the, of the burden and pulled the sled more than even we have. And public citizen democracy forward. Two of our sister groups have really played a tremendous role in challenging the, the elimination of workers from the workforce out of Doge. What we've done is the a LU in the, in the early days decided to kind of carpet bomb probably the wrong metaphor I'm sure, but to kind of drop over 40 freedom of information acts on the federal agencies telling them, tell us what information Doge is accessing and for what purposes and on whom, right?


We use foia Freedom of Information Act as democracy's x-ray. It's a way to make sure that you have sight lines into what's happening in our democracy when a government like This one is so opaque and so non-transparent. So recently, I think just yesterday, we then converted some of those actions into full on lawsuits because they've been dragging their feet on giving us the act, on giving us the data on veterans on whether or not the IRS is turning over data on immigrants. And so that will give us the, the material with which to file subsequent lawsuits as as well. There've been a whole series of other suits that other groups have filed, like public cities, like I mentioned in Democracy Forward on the rights of federal government employees, obviously a FG, the government workers union for federal workers has been deeply involved with it.


And one of the things that I will say, Ben, on, on, on, on your podcast is that this is such a moment that the level of coordination among different organizations has been nothing like I've seen in my 24 years as head of the ACL U. It is brilliant. They say they're shocked and awe us. I am shocked and awe at the level of coordination of goodwill, of sharing, of resources, of passing the baton so that we could all run this relay. And so this is not just an A CLU battle, this is really a whole ecosystem of nonprofit organizations, of lawyers who are gonna hold the government's feet to, to the fire. Anthony, you have hope.


Where do we go from here? Well, we've gotta, we've gotta take it every day. You don't give up an inch. Everything they try to accomplish, we must make them fight for right every step of the way. That's why the capitulation of these, of these law firms and of some of these universities was so disheartening to me. Those were moments where I just said, damn. I mean you cannot give that up without a fight. You've gotta make sure if they're gonna grab more ground every inch they have to battle us for. And that's why I am really proud of our, on our lawyers, on the Alien Enemies, that case, this is the case on behalf of the Venezuelans who they wanted to kind of move out of the country.


Some of them they moved, some of them they were not able to. And say that they have invoked the 1798 statute, the Alien Enemies Act to say that they have the ability to deny people due process and remove them to third party countries. I mean, it is incredible to me. We've had, we've had the lawyers pull all-nighters, you know, when the Supreme Court said, well now you have to file habeas petitions and each of the different jurisdictions, most of the people would've said, we got up and did it. Right? So we started filing habeas after habeas in every single one of these district courts. We will do that. And then they're saying, oh no, now we need to kind of have a more, a more better knowledge of around the, the due process or the notice requirements.


We are tracking it then. And part of what we need to do collectively is not surrender an inch without a pitched battle. Make them fight for every little success because that is what we're here for. And when they try to intimidate us, which they're trying to do now, there's all these rumors around executive orders that are gonna come down and they're gonna come down on environmental groups or immigrants groups or democracy groups. We don't know. We'll have to wait and see. We are already so well organized to make sure that we do not seed an inch without giving it everything we've got collectively. So when there's another group of migrants that the Trump regime wants to send to concentration camps, no matter where they are, 50 state strategy, thousand city strategy district courts everywhere the A CLU is there.


They've got lawyers ready to Go. Attorney General or litigating like the birthright citizenship case. That's not our case. That's the cases of the attorneys general from the blue states. I love it. I love it. I mean, it's just like we have to divide and conquer. There's way too much going on. And so, you know, the case in Maryland, not my case, someone else has had of a Brad go Garcia, they're handling a beau, they're doing a beautiful job on that case. And we're talking with them, we're sharing notes, we're comparing, we're sharing information. But I think this is one of those moments when you really have to kind of divide up the work. And especially if the executive orders that are anticipated are coming down, it'll be targeting kind of the weaker parts of the nonprofit e ecosystem.


And we all have a responsibility kind of show up and stand up in solidarity and do everything. We, we can Lemme ask you this as well, you know, in addition to all the things that you've, you know, said there, what happens though if the Trump regime does not follow these orders? I mean, I think you've been asked that before. What if you know, you're doing all the work, you get the orders. I mean, right now there's a nine to zero Supreme Court order that says facilitate the return of a bra go in the Maryland case. I know a different group handling that. But what happens if they just say, you know what, we're, we're not following these orders. What, what do We do? We've gotta, we've gotta build the public momentum and support for this.


So that means the time and the narrative is on our side, right? So you have to then continue to use all the legal procedures to, to put the screws tighter into them, right? So civil sanctions, right? And just if they kind of defy openly a, a court order, then we can ask the judges to start imposing civil sanctions on those government officials who are openly defined the order. There'll be a whole process by which to determine and adjudicate culpability, like who's actually thumbing their nose of the courts. We, we take that, that's a good process for us, Ben, because we're not gonna be able to kind of turn people out on a dime like This one.


We've gotta bring people along in the narrative, show them the impunity with which this government is operating and thumbing its nose at the rule of law. We're gonna have to grab the right of center with us. We have to bring corporations with us. A government that openly defies rule of law and the decides to disregard judicial orders is a government that will not be good for corporate interests. It'll completely crater the ability for corporations. If you gut the ability for corp, for the judicial system to adjudicate right and wrong and hold people accountable, that's gonna be very bad for business. We're gonna have to drag those groups with us, bring them along, convert people as we go. And that's why I think ultimately when the government says, oh, I'm not gonna listen to the Supreme Court on the Venezuelan case, I'm gonna ship them out without due process, without giving them the notice of requirements, without giving 'em documents that required at the final end stage.


That's gotta be a political solution where people say, no, no, that's not the country we live in. The federal government. And one president does not have the ability to openly disregard the law. And so that's why I think it's probably a very good thing for us, that we take the, the, the judge, judge Boberg, who had been our judge in the Alien Enemies Act case, has continued to probe the issue around whether or not they're in violation and, and had proceeded with criminal contempt in his matters. I think that's great 'cause it slowly builds the narrative where people say, whoa, this is going way too far. And then people ultimately will have to vote with their own feet and, and with their own feet and with their own political power.


We've gotta let them know that this will not be accepted by large numbers of people. It can't be for lawyers. This can't be a crisis for people like me. It's gotta be a people, a crisis for people all across this country. Ordinary folk, Anthony. If people who are watching this wanna help or they wanna learn more about the cases and what a c u's up to where, where do they go? What can they do it? But On our website, we have everything on our website. It's constantly updated. We also have an organizing platform, people power where people can sign up, be trained, we'll give them materials, we'll give them information. I wanna make sure that they sign up for multiple groups. I mean, there are other groups that are also doing really important work. This is not one stop shopping, right?


There's no way to save our democracy with one click of the button. So you gotta sign up with Democracy forward, you gotta sign up with public citizen. There's a whole bunch of other groups, planned Parenthood, especially as they find themselves in the cross. Hes of being defunded, critically important. We defend that institution. This is the time for people to really engage the organizations and the causes that matter most. If he goes after the environmental groups, oh my God, we've got a swarm. Right? There's a whole discussion about whether or not they're gonna go after the environmental groups because of their advocacy around climate justice. And you know, I think this is one of the things that the American people, I saw this in Trump 1.0, you know, we had fi we had, we had filed this lawsuit on family separation.


Great lawsuit. We won in court. Where we really won was in the court of public opinion when people said, oh no, you can't take kids away from their mothers as a way to kind of deter them from coming to this country. That's cruel, that's torture. And when people finally, from celebrities and artists and ordinary people, Laura Bush, right? Former first lady, you know, not known for her activism, especially on social media. When they finally all came out, that's when they realized, oh, we've gotta backtrack. And that's exactly what we've gotta build for here. Anthony Romero, executive director of the ACL U, thanks for joining us and we hope you come back to share updates on everything the ACL u's doing.


Thank you, Ben. I love listening to you. So keep going. Thank You everybody. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Can't get enough. Midas, check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.