
Have you ever spotted McDonald's hot crispy fries, right as they're being scooped into the carton and time just stands still.


Your data is like gold to hackers. They'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com cancel any anytime terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


What makes a great pair of glasses At Warby Parker? It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


I'm joined by Alexander Binman, retired United States Army Lieutenant Colonel, Mr. Finman, what do we just watch Unfold in the Oval Office with Donald Trump attacking President Zelensky. It was might be one of the most shameful moments I think, ever in American history. Your Ukrainian, you have unique experience in this area as well. When you make of it, It was a shit show. We've never seen anything quite like it. You know, basically the US the the US has been a supporter of Ukraine for, even if it's, if it's been insufficiently supportive, it's been a supporter of Ukraine for three years, spending somewhere in the ballpark of 60 to a hundred billion dollars to help Ukraine ward off a aggressor Russia.


And now we have a new Trump administration that invites Zelensky into kind of work out a deal, figure out how the US might continue to support and inside in, in this this discussion where Zelensky is saying, Hey, this is what the Russians are doing to our troops. They just kidnapped 20,000 of our kids and are brainwashing him. Trump and Vance attack Zelensky and say that he's not motivated to, to conduct peace and that Russia is not such a bad guy in this meeting. Trump basically sides with Russia and, and attacks Ukraine and Zelinsky in a very valiant way, stance his ground and tries to make the point that, you know, Russia can't be trusted.


Russia's the bad actor, the US is in danger by buying in, by constantly deceiving itself about Russia. And that's, that devolves further into accusations that Ukraine's ungrateful. It was just something that we haven't seen, not just, not un not just un diplomatic, but a betrayal of Ukraine and our Western values and the way we interact with the world. So 180 degrees different than, than it has been with any administration proceeding. You know, I'll show you. They're trying to spin this now on Fox a a certain way. Yeah. They had Lindsey Graham, a Senator Graham MAGA Republican go on moments ago.


Let me show you what he said and get your reaction to it. Let's play it Take away. I told President Trump, I said, there's two ways to look at this. Your interaction with, with Zelensky was maybe the best television I've ever seen, but it's steep than that. The world is now watching how Trump behaves and acts when he is pressed. I thought he stood up for America that we're a good people, we want to help you, but we're gonna be respected. So I think Moscow is probably more afraid of Trump than ever hope the Chinese are, and I hope the Iranians are as to Zelensky and Ukraine to the Ukrainian people. America wants to help you The way the meeting went today, you made it almost impossible to help you Again.


I'll ask you, Alex, do you think that Putin is more afraid than ever? Is China more afraid than ever? Is Iran more afraid than ever after watching what just happened in the Oval Office? It, it's been a constant per, I don't, those guys in, in, in Beijing and, and Kremlin have to be constantly drunk 'cause they're endlessly bottle popping bottles of champagne at the wins that they score really without like having to lift that much of a finger. I mean, all Putin had to do thus far is to say that, you know, he, he's interested in peace. He hasn't shown that he's interested in peace. He hasn't started to ease the war, which he could do without, without, by just issuing an order.


He's the aggressor. And instead what we have is Trump constantly catering to Russia saying that, you know, we, we signaling that he's willing to normalize relationships that Russia has been treated too harshly. And this is just really unacceptable for somebody like Zelensky, who's his country has suffered enormous losses and has enormous suffering. And the Europeans also understand that the truth of the matter and have, are redoubling their support are interested in pitching in more to help Ukraine. Ukraine is in their backyard. They know that Russia is eyeing the West and eyeing some additional territories.


So Lindsey Graham is a, is a absolute coward because Trump did not sound strong. He was attacking a ally when he didn't need to. This was just Zelinsky, you know, saying that Trump, that Trump can't trust Putin. That's all he was saying. That was the argument. That's how the argument got started. And JD Vance, I mean, he, he looked like an absolute clown. I don't understand why Trump allowed Vance to blow up his deal. I mean, the deal was there. The, the, the initial part of the press conference was, was totally fine. They both had their comments, you know, series of questions unfolded. And then when, when it came around to whether Putin could be trusted, Zelensky said no, they've constantly broken the deal.


And Vance took that as the opportunity to, to side again with, with Putin and criticize Zelensky. And he blew up Trump's deal. I mean, that's who, that, that is how this whole thing started to devolve. And then at that point, you know, it was, em got very emotional as Zelensky trying to point out that his country is suffering through a war, that they were not an aggressor. And it was the most shameful interaction that the US has had on the public stage with regards to foreign policy, you know, in, in decades. I can't think of another example in which we behaved like this, behaved as such a poor ally and, and so simply actually we behaved like idiots because we don't, we can't simply understand the basic truths that Russia's the aggressor.


We know that's the fact. We can't accept a ba basic truth that Putin is untrustworthy and this has nothing to do with deal making. If, if we wanted to make a deal to end the war, we would recognize that it's the Russians that need a compromise. Not the Ukrainians that the Russians are the ones that are feeling quite a bit of pain. Yes, the Ukrainians are also, but they can't go on forever. Kremlin can't sustain these kinds of losses, and all we need to do is, you know, continue to support Ukraine for a bit longer. Instead, we're shifting stances, being a friend to our enemies and an enemy to our friends. You know, your Background, of course, you were in the European Council.


You, you were a leader in this area, United States National Security Council for European Affairs, you know, your background being born Ukrainian. Wh what, what's your message to Ukraine right now, to the people of Europe who are seeing this? Yeah, I, I, I think, you know, I guess even before we get there, I'll just point out that, you know, the, the, this book was undertaken after I was forced out of the, out of the, my military service after 22 years. I forced outta the White House after reporting Donald Trump's corruption in the scheming way back in, in 2019 testifying. And then I wanted to understand why we keep making the same mistakes over and over. And the subtitle of this book really says it all, it's how the US continues to deceive, deceived itself about Russia and betrays Ukraine.


I wish I'd used the present tense and not past tense. I said deceived and betrayed. It's be deceived and betrays. It continues to do that to this day, and it's to our own detriment. It is not the fact that, you know, we are helping Ukraine to be, you know, just, just to be a good actor. It's because we understand the importance of Ukraine holding back, holding back the Russians from further aggression, helping to stabilize Europe. And my own experience, I mean, I left the, the, the Soviet Union as a refugee at the, at the age of four. So my own experience has been entirely as an American serving in the US military, serving in the embassies in, in Moscow, in in Kiev, in the Pentagon, where I wrote the Russia strategy, how we contend with Russia as an adversary, where I was invited to the a White House to be able to continue to do the work of advancing the US national security interest.


It is about the US and it's, it's shocking that we are now at this poising Kool-Aid stage of our relationship with Russia, appeasing them, accommodating them, always getting burned in the process instead of learning the lessons of the past and doing better. Where we, we are far off from what, what I recommend, which is us moral leadership and the centrality of values to interest. It has a positive, I mean, I greatly lay out a positive case where it's gonna take us to survive Trump. But on the backend, when we start to correct for all the damage that was done, that we recapture moral leadership by saying that, you know, we shouldn't be focusing on the bright, shiny object that, you know, Trump is falling for right now with Putin saying, Hey, I, I might be interested in peace.


There might be some, some other deals we could work and never paying off when we should be focusing on the things that matter, like European security because it's, it's, they're there for us when we are attacked Europeans because there are largest training partner and they enable our prosperity. So to me it's about the US and, and how the US could be safer and we just made it a lot more dangerous for the us Now I'll show everybody the book right here, it's called The Folly of Realism, how the West Deceived Itself about Russia and Betrayed Ukraine. You know, I've read this before doing this interview. I'd encourage everybody to read it because it gives a roadmap of even how we got here.


And I don't want to give away what you say in the epilogue, but literally you predicted exactly what happened today, almost word for word. It's in the epilogue. So I'd ask people to read this and, and it's important to understand how we got here. Again, make sure you all check it out, might as mighty, but I, I'll I'll leave with this. You know, obviously this is a, a very devastating time right now, you know, if, if you're in Europe, especially if you're in Ukraine, we see Europe, you know, the, the, the new Chancellor of Germany, for example, and others even talking about just pushing away from the United States. Totally.


Just building a, a Europe first security force and basically may not even show up at NATO in, in June when the next major kind of conferences. So what, what do you think is gonna happen and just what's your message to I guess, our former allies in, in Europe and Ukraine? We are burning bridges as fast as we can find them. You know, the, the issue here is that as, I think what ultimately offended Trump is that he has this slogan of Make America great, make America strong. And Zelensky is pointing out by siding with Russia that actually the US is, is in danger completely, 100% valid point, but it burst the Babbel of Trump being the strong man and Trump, Trump making us more safe and more prosperous.


That is, that was a absolutely honest assessment from Zelensky. He knows what he's talking about. And I think the fact is that other allies now look at what happened with the US going so hard in for Putin and abandoning our allies that they, we, we are completely unreliable. I hope I'm wrong. I unfortunately tend to be right about these things and it, it, it is, it makes me sick that I see this train wreck unfolding, but I think we're burning bridges and we're creating opportunities for our enemies, and it is putting our troops in danger. It is making this country weaker and we have to, at this point, we just have to weather the storm and come back, try to institute some accountability, you know, with, with our elections in the future and try to reign in these, these knuckleheads and get rid of, you know, folks like Lindsey Graham and all these yes men that embolden and, you know, pander to Trump and drive to make it the worst decisions that I've seen thus far, frankly, You know, so Graham, other Maga are saying what needs to happen is Zelensky needs to go to Mar-a-Lago and apologize and, you know, say, I'm sorry, that was a big misunderstanding.


I don't know. Doesn't that play right into kind of Trump's God complex and has Trump doubled down or is that a smart geopolitical move to pretend and keep the folly going? Whoa, whoa. If Zelensky was watching now, what would your advice be? I, I may have already passed this to, to some folks, but the bottom line is that this was highly cinematic. Zelensky looked very strong, you know, he, Trump could spin it as if, as he stood his ground. Also, I think what what this really, there's an opportunity here, you know, he, he, they're on the cusp of a big deal, a big real estate deal. Both parties kind of walk away from the negotiation. There's an opportunity to bring, bring folks together and do a handshake at the be end of this thing that looks really good for tv.


And if it means that you, Ukraine could keep the US on side a little bit longer. I mean, it might be just a little bit longer because the fact is that you could see the, the orientation of, of Trump consistently, if they could keep him on a little bit longer, give the Ukrainian the Ukrainians additional support and the European step up. That is a pragmatic step. I'm not gonna step stand in the way of pragmatism, but if we could, again, keep the, the US from siding with Putin easing sanctions, there might be some sort of play here. This deal, this mineral deal was not a bad thing, a bad thing. If Vince just didn't kept his mouth shut, things would've went on fine.


There would've been a a, a signed deal at the end. Now there's a, an opportunity to, to both sides, walk away looking pretty strong, maybe get what they want. But Zelensky is not one to bend the knee and fold, like Lindsey Graham constantly does, goes there, meets, I mean, he is been there rel recently actually to Ukraine and met with Zelensky at Munich Security Conference and things of that nature. So he says one thing to Zelensky and then he goes back around and just, I don't know, I, I don't wanna be crude, but he, he does some pretty disgusting things to ingratiate himself with, with Trump. Alex Finman, thank you for joining us.


I know a a difficult day for, for you and so many everybody, make sure you get this book, the Folly of Realism. I read it. I hope you read it too. It's, I was always right here, right on my right on my desk. Finish it up before the interview, Alex, thank you. Thank you. Looking forward to the next time and appreciate the opportunity to communicate with your viewers and listeners. Your audience can make the difference. We appreciate it. Everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.