(1s):
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms. Apply.

(30s):
The NBA playoffs are here, and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck. GPT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is knowledgeable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler.

(1m 0s):
All hell is breaking loose in the United States because of the pathetic tantrums of man baby Donald Trump. Let me just talk to you about charts, graphs, objective data, not the BS that Donald Trump and MAGA spews, all hell is breaking loose because of this felon. Let's take a look at this chart right here. The 30 year mortgage rate has now jumped to 7.5%, one of the highest levels in the entire century. Apple is now one of the worst performing magnificent seven stocks. The worst in 2025 with a year to date decline of 22%.

(1m 44s):
And that's because the man baby Donald Trump woke up in the morning yesterday and attacked Apple directly of America's biggest companies. And Donald Trump said he wanted to impose a tariff on Apple. Donald Trump also said he wanted to impose 50% tariffs on the European Union, which effectively would be an embargo on doing business with the European Union that caused our markets to tank. Now this follows, of course, Donald Trump imposing 145% tariffs against China, which then he sent Scott Bessant and his other trade representative Jameson Greer, to Switzerland, to totally capitulate and cave to China and reduced 145% tariffs to 30% tariffs, by the way, which is still high.

(2m 40s):
And container shipping and shipments are still very low Right now in the United States of America. Let's talk about treasury bonds. US treasury bonds now have the worst 10 year rolling annualized returns in the last 90 years. The 30 year treasury yields are over 5%. When you look at the 10 and 20, they're rising in ways that demonstrate a great deal of volatility in the United States markets. You wanna talk about groceries? You want to talk about prices. Ground beef hits new all time highs. You wanna talk about the markets.

(3m 21s):
Yesterday, a disastrous day on Wall Street, the Dow down nearly 1%, the s and p down as well, and the Nasdaq was down. All of the indexes were down. It was not a good day on the market. As Justin Wolfer says, Trump's tariff threat on Apple knocked its stock down 2.75%, which for a company valued at nearly $3 trillion amounts to a destruction of $80 billion of value. Or to put this in more human terms, it's an effective tax of nearly $250 per every American.

(4m 4s):
And as I mentioned, this data comes from Apollo. Sorry. If I'm geeking out with the charts, when I say all hell is breaking loose, I'm trying to warn us what the hell is happening. As the pathetic man, baby felon, sexual abuser, Donald Trump continues to do things that ravage our economy. Apollo explains the lack of a rebound in container traffic after the China US trade. They call it a deal. It's really a consensus. On May 12th is worrying. Worrying would be an understatement. You want to talk about worrying being an understatement.

(4m 45s):
We all know that. On Thursday, Donald Trump held his crypto meme coin dinner to enrich himself and his family, where he invited all of these people who each paid at least basically a million dollars to personally buy Trump meme coin. Some people paid 15, 16, $20 million to be there. I'm gonna do a whole other video on this. Donald Trump gave them like the grossest piece of steak also, maybe because beef prices have hit an all time high and I don't know, and a salad that looks like it was vomited out of, well, I won't even go there.

(5m 25s):
Alright, what was JD Vance talking about at the US Naval Academy? Again, I don't like hyperbole. When I say all hell is breaking loose. I mean it. This is what rt, Russian tv, Russian propaganda is promoting J JD Vance's speech at the US Naval Academy. Do You know why? Because JD Vance said that the United States is no longer a dominant power in the world. The era of uncontested US dominance is over. And he warns US Naval Academy graduates that Russia and China are determined to beat us in every domain.

(6m 12s):
JD Vance at the Naval Academy is literally cooking up Russian propaganda that Russia is propagandizing and showing to their people. Play this clip. The era of uncontested US dominance is over today. We face serious threats in China, Russia and others nations determined to beat us in every single domain, from spectrum to low earth orbit, to our supply chains, and even our communication infrastructure. Technology has lowered the cost of disruption. And so we must be all of us, not just smarter.

(6m 52s):
We gotta make sure that we, we send our troops to war. We do it with the right tools. Now, while all of this is going on, I'll do a whole other video on this. Donald Trump is deleting the transcripts of himself because he's so incoherent and he can't put together sentences anymore that on the transcript section of the White House website, delete, delete, delete, delete. They put up some like YouTube videos of him. No, we, the people deserve to see the transcripts. And we can make a determination. If you even know how to put together a sentence, when I say all hell is breaking loose, it's also because Donald Trump denied supplemental FEMA aid to North Carolina.

(7m 41s):
Once again, we've been very focused on the Midas Touch network of fema. 'cause I know in hurricane season, this is gonna be the biggest story. It should already be a massive story that the Trump regime fired all of these workers from the National Oceanic Atmospheric Agency and the National Weather Service, and all these people lost their jobs. So they're no longer able even have the staffing to be able to provide proper weather forecasts and warnings. Yeah, that's a pretty big freaking deal. And on the FEMA side, FEMA has been late and slow to respond to significant events, weather events, tornadoes been like hundreds of tornadoes already in the past week, week and a half over about 30 Americans died in Illinois, Kentucky, Missouri, and Indiana.

(8m 34s):
Trump makes no statement about it. And where the hell is fema? And by the way, FEMA still hasn't showed up in Mississippi and in Arkansas and in all of these other states who are suffering from prior storms even before that. And then FEMA just denied supplemental aid to North Carolina. They denied supplemental aid a few weeks or a month or two ago in Georgia. Of course, they denied aid to Kentucky. And what this also means is that states don't have the resources to do this. Trump's going to be bankrupting states, and he is gonna be bankrupting red states also. But folks, well, all hell breaks S Slce, the man, baby felon, sexual abuser fraud.

(9m 14s):
You know what he's doing? Golfing. He's vacationing. Why? Because he hates America. He hates Americans. This selfish, vile piece of disgusting trash is golfing while he lights the United States of America on fire while he and JD Vance provide propaganda for Russia and China to use against us as they've weakened and crushed the United States, Donald Trump and Vance, as they've capitulated to Russia peace in 24 hours in Ukraine. Nah, these pathetic, weak, vile fools, Donald Trump and JD Vance, not only just MIA complicit with, I think they're just straight up rooting for Russia at this point.

(9m 60s):
They're no longer even holding negotiations. They're done. They said, Hey, Russia and Ukraine, you deal with it together. In other words, they're giving a green light to Russia, despicable, vile people. And You know, as as the Trump regime continues to disappear, human beings continues to disappear. People here in the United States, is it any wonder why travel from Europe to the United States is down 25%? It's even more than that in Canada, Australia, all across the world. No one wants to be in the United States Right now because you remember how Donald Trump would refer to other countries as shithole and hellholes? Well, Donald Trump was intent on turning the United States the way he has shithole companies trying to turn the United States into that as well.

(10m 45s):
You see this story right here of the 19-year-old girl, Jimena. This story is near and dear to me. My seven month old daughter's named Jimena. My wife is from Mexico. And so when I saw the story of the Trump regime throwing a 19-year-old girl from Georgia College student named Jimena in a detention center for weeks and weeks and weeks, basically torturing her. She was just released finally. And here's her story, play this clip, Or it changed my life. It's something I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy. It's life changing. And yeah, I wouldn't wish it on any. And here she is again. Let me show one more clip of her right here.

(11m 27s):
It was scary. I was terrified. And then as I was being transported down to Stewart, I stopped at some offices in Atlanta and they had me in a room by myself for nine hours. I didn't know what was going on. I was never,

(11m 43s):
the Weather is heating up. And your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. If you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend that you check out Miracle Maid's. Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long. Now, using those silver infused fabrics inspired by NASA Miracle made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get better sleep every night. These sheets are infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% of bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. No more gross odors. Miracle made sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands. And feel as nice, if not nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. Stop sleeping on bacteria. Bacteria can clog your pores causing breakouts and acne sleep clean with miracle. Upgrade your sleep as the weather heats up. Go to try miracle.com/midas to try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save over 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get free three piece towel set and save. An extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your Sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three piece towel set and save over 40% off. Again, that's tri miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you. Miracle made for sponsoring this episode.

(13m 41s):
And then they go on, as I said, all hell breaks loose. Of course, You know by now, the Trump regime attacking Harvard University saying that if you're an international student, you can't attend Harvard or else you'll get deported. You'll go to the concentration camps in El Salvador or Libya or South Sudan or wherever the hell, maybe they'll send you back to the country. Who knows Now maybe they'll disappear you, who the hell knows with this despicable regime? But Harvard sued right away, and Harvard won a preliminary injunction against the Trump regime. I started with data. I started with data. Let me take a look at this data. The disastrous budget bill, it literally steals 'em.

(14m 23s):
Literally steals. If you make between zero and $51,000, about a thousand dollars from you gets stolen and gets given to rich people. People who make more than $4.3 million are gonna save close to $400,000 from this disastrous bill. And then people who make between zero and 51,000 will have a thousand dollars stolen from them to be given to the rich people. And mind you, this doesn't even get into that analysis is just at the most basic level, unlike the actual payment of taxes, raising the taxes, literally taking money and giving it to the rich a A as as the rich get the big tax cuts, the billionaires and deca millionaires get the tax cuts.

(15m 5s):
But then also taking people, 14 million people will lose their healthcare Lose supplemental nutrition assistance program will destroy their livelihood and jobs. This thing is an absolute, absolute disaster. Remember I talked about FEMA before? It's really important that I do because the experts and experts matter are predicting that warm waters and storm friendly climate patterns, because climate change is real. It's expected to produce as many as 19 tropical storms, including six to 10 hurricanes. Government scientists said on Thursday. That's gonna be disastrous as FEMA's not going to be ready.

(15m 47s):
I keep warning about the mass casualty events that are going to happen if we have big hurricanes this season and we expect that to take place. I know no one else is really raising the alarm the way we are. I keep talking about this over and over again for a reason. And in that disastrous budget bill, it got rid of all of the climate tax credits for Americans, phased them out, all of the clean energy jobs, all of these jobs that employed, You know, millions of Americans are gonna be gone. People and people are going to lose their jobs. There's a reason though, why China and Europe are also focused on green jobs. One, their people demand it, their science in fact based.

(16m 27s):
And two, they know that this is the future and they're creating the jobs of the future. Today they look at the jobs that were here in the United States. They wanted those jobs. And because Trump's unleashing hell in the United States, Trump looked at the low paying factory jobs. And because Trump's view of low income people is that, and this is what they've said, the regime, oh yeah, they wanna work in the factories their entire life and then generations of them can work in factories. No, they want high paying jobs. They were looking for high paying jobs. But the Trump regime looks at low income people. They love working in the coal mines and love working in the factories.

(17m 7s):
No, the the American dream is, is look, is to have a wage and get paid with dignity, but also they want other things for their families as well. Go listen to and have conversations, You know, with people. Nah, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna play any Trump videos on this. You, you get it? I mean, I, I'll tell you what he said. I just don't wanna even hear his, do you wanna hear his, I don't want to hear his freaking voice Right now, but Donald Trump was asked at the press conference yesterday, why are you imposing tariffs on Apple? You're you're trying to hurt American businesses. You're causing an $80 billion market cap loss from Apple. They're not hurting. They're helping. The pathetic vile man, baby felon said the reporter to Donald Trump.

(17m 48s):
Is there anything the EU can do to avoid 50% tariffs that you're threatening in your morning tantrum? Man, baby, I added that last part. Trump, I don't know. We'll see Right now, June 1st, whatever. I'm gonna do it just so utterly, utterly pathetic. Oh, and then Donald Trump was asked about Harvard. He's like, they don't know how to do math there. They don't know basic. They don't know. Two plus two equals four. What a clown show. What a gong show. How ridiculous could this possibly be? What a pathetic, pathetic human being him and his regime are, just call 'em out what they are, felon, trash, criminal. That's what he is.

(18m 29s):
Head subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.