
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, They have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash special offer.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G. PT, What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is knowledgeable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook. Gambling problem? Call one 800 GAMBLER.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantisx X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next With Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Manis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


So when I ask what is odu, what comes to mind? Well, ODU is a bit of everything. ODU is a suite of business management software that some people say is like fertilizer because of the way it promotes growth. But you know, some people also say, OO is like a magic beans stock because it grows with your company and is also magically affordable. But then again, you could look at OO in terms of how its individual. Software programs are a lot like building blocks. I mean whatever your business needs, manufacturing, accounting, HR programs, you can build a custom software suite that's perfect for your company. So what is odu? Well, I guess ODU is a bit of everything. ODU is a fertilizer magic beans stock building blocks for business. Yeah, that's it. Which means that ooo is exactly what every business needs. Learn more and sign up now@oo.com. That's ODO o.com.


Imagine you're a business owner relying on a dozen different software programs. Each one disconnected, more expensive and more complicated than last. It can be incredibly stressful right now, picture odu ODU brings all the tools your business needs into one simple platform, CRM, accounting, inventory, manufacturing, marketing, HR and more. All seamlessly connected. Everything works together, giving you the peace of mind that your business is running smoothly from every angle. Odus open source applications are user friendly and designed to scale with your business. Same you time and money. Say goodbye to juggling multiple platforms and hello to efficient integrated management. Stop wasting resources on complicated systems and make the switch to DU today. Visit du.com od o.com and discover how DU can simplify and streamline your business operations. ODU Modern management made simple.


This is a breaking news alert. More war has broken out just now in the Middle East, Israel has engaged in a military strike of Iran. They are striking nuclear facilities and also apparently high rise apartment buildings in Iranian capital of Tehran. We're seeing this happen right now. Also, air sirens going up in Baghdad where there's a US Air Force base. There are explosions there potentially Iran retaliatory airstrikes against through proxy groups potentially of US interests in Iraq. And we're also seeing potential retaliation in Israel Iran striking back there.


We will be keeping you posted, but let's talk about what we know has gone down as also the Trump regime has called their cabinet together to deal with this massive war that is now breaking out in the Middle East. So we know that Israeli Minister of Defense, Israel Kaz, declared a special state of emergency in the home front throughout the entire state of Israel. Following the state of Israel's preemptive strikes against Iran, a missile and a drone attack against the state of Israel and its civilian population was expected in the immediate future. We then heard loud explosions over Tehran.


I'll show you an example right here. These strikes on Tehran reportedly targeted air defenses and other military sites throughout the city. Take a look here, but we've also seen residential buildings being targeted as well. Here play this clip. You can see right here some of the damage to residential buildings, high rise apartments. A high rise apartment building building is seen partially collapse in the Iranian capital of Tehran, followed by the strikes by Israel.


Take a look over here. A fire scene burning inside of an apartment building in the Farzad neighborhood of Tehran. Let's play this clip Now. Here's additional damage and fire seen burning in the high rise apartment buildings in the Iranian capital of Tehran following a possible decapitation strike against Iranian military and political leadership by Israel and Israeli officials confirming that they have targeted nuclear sites like those in Naans and Forea in Iran. Now, as Tommy Veder talks about, the US and Iran are supposed to hold their sixth round of nuclear talks this Sunday, the day after Donald Trump is holding a dictator parade for himself.


This is a massive fu by Netanyahu to Trump and it completely undercuts all of Trump's claims that wars would never start if he was president. Remember Donald Trump posting memes of himself like this, him and Benjamin Netanyahu and Donald Trump partying with women dressed like this and Trump building statutes of himself in the Middle East? Our editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski writes, were bombing the Houthis. Israel is bombing Iran and Gaza. Russia is bombing Ukraine. Were threatening Greenland. Not to mention, Donald Trump has nationalized the federal guards and sent the Marines against California.


When is all the peace and tranquility going to happen that Trump promised us he would accomplish on day one? Because everyone around the world was supposedly afraid of him. Now, it also seems that right wing extremist ambassador to Israel, Mike Huckabee almost tipped off that there was going to be this strike by Israel against Iran. He goes at our embassy in Jerusalem and at our embassy in Jerusalem and closely following the situation, we will remain here all night. Pray for peace in Jerusalem. Here's how the New York Times describes what's going down. Israel launches attack on Iran as Tehran scrambles jets. The Israeli strike followed months of disagreements between Trump and Netanyahu of Israel over how to handle Iran.


Mr. Netanyahu has long proposed using military force to derail Iran's nuclear ambitions. On Thursday, Mr. Trump said again that he did not want Israel to launch an attack. Predicting that doing so would scuttle the chance of a diplomatic solution. I think it would blow it. He said. Then he added a nod to the other side of the equation saying that an attack might help it actually, but it could also blow it. It might help it. It could also blow it. The hell is Donald Trump. Even talking about several months ago, Trump waved off an Israeli plan to strike out Iran. Meanwhile, MAGA Republican extremist, Lindsey Graham goes Game on pray for Israel. Our editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski aptly writes, it's not a game dipshit.


Remember on June 12th, earlier in the day when Donald Trump said earlier, this around 5:09 PM before the strike, we remain committed to a diplomatic resolution to the Iran nuclear issue. My entire administration has been directed to negotiate with Iran. They could be a great country, but they first must completely give up hopes of obtaining a nuclear weapon. Thank you for your attention to this matter. The art of the deal. Remember the types of videos that Donald Trump would post of himself about what a great negotiator he was and that he could do deals so easily in Iran like this. Here, play this clip right here. Our president will start a war with Iran because he has absolutely no ability to negotiate.


He's weak and he's ineffective. Speaking of World War iii, I'll keep you out of World War ii. What would happen if we had a war? We won't with me, but you will have World War iii, I believe without me, but we won't have. I will be sure that World War III will not happen. I'm the only one can say it won't happen. But I stand here today and I'm the only candidate who can make this promise. I will prevent and very easily World War iii. Very easily we're here. A short time ago I ran, launched 181 ballistic missiles at Israel and we, we just, it's, I've been talking about World War III for a long time and I don't wanna make predictions 'cause the predictions always come true.


We're not gonna make, but they are very close to global catastrophe. We have a non-existent president and a non-existent vice president. Meanwhile, the military equipment in the United States is now being used against United States citizens and people in the us. Donald Trump has more military now in California than he does in Iraq and other areas in the Middle East attacking Americans. And then Donald Trump is sending a huge amount of war vehicles, howitzers and other weapons of war to do a dictator parade for himself. Looks like we're just getting word now from Marco Rubio, secretary of State. Here's what he's writing tonight.


Israel took the unilateral action against Iran. We are not involved in strikes against Iran that our top priority is protecting American forces in the region. Israel advised us that they believe this action was necessary for its self-defense. President Trump and the administration have taken all necessary steps to protect our forces and remain in close contact without our regional, with our regional partners. Let me be clear, Iran should not target us interests or personnel. Philip Kowski writes, our editor in chief, we fund and arm Israel who would never do this without our position, our permission. But little Marco and his senile orange boss think there might be someone in the world who is as gullible as their domestic cultus.


'cause as I mentioned, there are reports now of explosions in Baghdad, reports of missile launches by Iran towards Israel. Things are really heating up folks. And this is one of those situations that you would've hoped that you have somebody in charge who actually knows what the hell they're doing other than someone like Donald Trump. What, what else are we learning right here? Axios reports that Israeli leaders have been transferred to safe locations. Following tonight strikes against Iran believing that Iran will strike and seek to do assassination attempts on Israeli leaders.


All flights have been suspended at the Imam Khomeini International Airport. Residents report hearing explosions in the Iranian cities of Isfahan, Iraq and Kha, which all house or are located near military bases of the Iranian armed forces. One of the statements that we also know as well is that Israel's military general say they believe this can go on for weeks, potentially. One of the Israeli strikes earlier on the Iranian capital of Tehran reportedly targeted Iran's chief of general staff, major General Mohammed Begar.


We're learning about that as well. And we'll keep you posted every step of the way here folks on the Midas Touch Network. Of course, Donald Trump promised that there would, that something like this would never happen, ever. And he said people are stupid if they would allow this to happen again, this is one of those times where real leadership would be important. And we don't have that here in the United States as all out. War is breaking out right now in the Middle East as Israel strikes Iran. We'll keep you posted every step of the way. Keep checking back here. We're gonna be giving you constant updates. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.