
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it, and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40%. Off terms apply.


I'm William Gug, a URI Collaborate and professional Ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance rounds around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing, I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the comfiest jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to uri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


This MLB season FanDuel's Dinger Tuesday is back, And this year all customers get a profit boost to BET home runs every week. So gear up to go yard all season long on FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 Plus in President Select states opt in required bonus issued is non Withable profit Boost tokens. Restrictions apply, including any token expiration in max wager amount. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER.


All hell is breaking loose in cities across the United States of America, particularly cities and blue states that Donald Trump is unleashing war against. Car washes, home Depot parking lots. Swap meets are being invaded by masked ice agents and potentially bounty hunters who have been deputized as ice agents. Correction officers deputized as ice agents targeting hard working migrants, beating them, attacking them, making them disappear.


And we're seeing how others in the community are observing what ICE is doing standing up against ice. And they're getting this all on tape as well. I wanna highlight some examples. Over the past, just 48 hours or so, I want to give a shout out to Brittany Mahi over at the Los Angeles Times. I think she's doing a great job reporting on this as well. She spoke to an individual named Job Garcia, a United States citizen who was arrested by border patrol agents outside a Home Depot in Hollywood. Here's what job Garcia heard them say.


How many bodies did you guys grab today? Oh, we grabbed 31. Oh, what a good day. High five. We're talking about hard working migrants. People who have lived here in many cases for decades, who are now ripped apart from their family and before doing that, physically ripped, thrown to the ground, beaten, beaten ruthlessly by these disgusting ice agents. The American Gestapo. It's on tape. It's being filmed. I'll show you. Job Garcia shared this video he took shortly before his arrest.


You'll see the ice agents going to a truck driver. Boom. They bang the windshield, they grab the truck driver job. Garcia's like, what the F are you doing? So just a warning, the language here, lots of cursing. There's a lot of physic. You're gonna see violence here. You, we can't look away from this though. We have to know this is happening. I, I know with Donald Trump provoking and escalating wars overseas and all of the things that Trump is doing, he wants to distract from the fact that he has a Gestapo like the Nazis going through the United States and doing this Here, play this clip.


You are you fucking serious, bro? Down. Get him down. Bullshit sir. Get the fuck down. Get the fuck down. Fuck up your fucking hand. Let's do it. He's good. Get your fucking hand up. Gimme your fucking hand. You want it? You got it, sir. You fucking got it. Good day. You want to go to jail? Fine. You got it. Horrible, horrible stuff. Here, Pablo Manriquez posted the following employees in bystanders at Salgado Tire Service in Pico Rivera, California run an immigration agent off their property for harassing their workers.


As Adrian Carillo explains, they don't want the attention for what they're doing, these ice agents and those deputized as such. They don't want anyone to know who they are. And that's why they're masks. They don't want videos like this out there. We've seen multiple examples of too much attention and light flushing them out. So let us use our platform here at the Midas Touch Network with over 5 million subscribers to be that light. Play this clip. You Guys don't have to talk. You guys don't have to talk. You guys do not have to answer any questions.


No questions at all. What's your badge number? What's your badge number? What's your badge number? Actually? Yeah, what's your last name? What's your last name? No, what's your last name? What's your badge number and last name? What's your badge number and last name? What's your badge number and last name? What's your badge number and last name? What's your badge number and last name? What's your badge number and last name? What's your badge number? What's your badge? Que he already answered to you.


You could be. He already had gave the answer. Answer to you. Put my face. Hey, I'm not doing nothing. Don't do nothing. I'm not doing nothing. You good? I have a I understand, but he has his rights as well. We all, and you know we have our rights. As long as we're here in the United States, we all have. You could go. You how to go. Thank you so much. Next I want to show you this. A brave woman stopping a kidnapping by these individuals who claim that they are ice agents.


And you know, a lot of people playing, they're deputized as ice agents. And this is from a car wash also in the area as well. Same area. And you'll hear her say, this is effing kidnapping. That's not your badge. I do have a little bit of an education. Get the F out of here. Racial profiling is illegal. Play this clip. Are you Guys doing? No, don't. Guys. Hey, badge.


Okay. You need to identify yourselves. Business. You need to identify yourselves. No, you need to identify yourself. This is kidnapped. This is kidnapped. You need to fucking identify yourselves. You identify. Identify yourselves. That's your badge number. I identified myself to him. I'm talking to him. I'm not talking. No, we didn't see any of that shit. We didn't see any of that Away from arrested.


Why don't you question me? I'm not even fucking looking at you. You, you guys are not even eyes. You need to identify yourselves. You just nothing but fucking bounty. Ma'am. This is a immigration inspection. Can can we, can I see your badge, please? My badge is right here. No, I don't see it. Yeah, it is right there. No, I need to see it. No, this is kidnapped. Listen, listen. This is kidnapped. No, this is kidnapped. This is an Immigration inspection. This is a kidnap. You can Record all you want. Just please stay outta the way so You're safe. Okay. I am staying out of the way, but it is also my right to record. Yeah, Absolutely. Want, I agree.


So this is fucking kidnapped. 'cause you guys just show up and you do not identify selves. So they don't have to go, they don't have to go with you guys. I just didn't You identify yourselves? Oh Yeah. I just sent your Badge. I, I need to see the badge. Oh no. My badge is Right here. No, that is not your badge. It is. It is not your badge. You know what I, I do have a little bit of education and I know that that is not your badge. That is not your batch. So unless you guys identify yourselves, you are not taking anybody.


You're, it's Like ice with freaking out of shape. Fat asses. Fucking Racial profiling is against the law.


You motherfuckers get the fuck outta here assholes. What's going On? No, these are not even ice. These are not ice. These are fucking bounty hunters. Fuck them assholes.


Do you struggle with bloating and discomfort after your morning coffee? Well, after drinking everyday dose consistently, my bloating has reduced and my face, it feels less puffy. Everyday dose is coffee plus benefits. It combines 100% Arabica coffee with powerful ingredients like lines made in Chaga collagen protein, Ando, tropics to fuel your brain boost focus and give you clean, sustained energy all day long. There's no crash and no jitters. Just clean, sustained energy. The two products of theirs that you need to check out, like right this second are their Coffee Plus and their coffee plus Bold Coffee Plus is a mild roast. It's light and smooth. It's low acidity, which is easy on sensitive stomachs, and it gives you this mellow sort of energy. It's awesome. Coffee Plus Bold. That's their rich blend of medium roast, 100% Arabica coffee, robust and full bodied, yet smooth. It gives you that extra boost of energy you're looking for. Both are 100% Arabica Coffee and they have functional benefits that are also mold free. Now, everyday Dose, they do third party testing. I love that. Get 45% off your first subscription order of 30 servings of Coffee Plus or Bold Plus. You'll also receive a starter kit with over $100 in free gifts, including a rechargeable frother and gun metal serving spoon by going to everyday dose.com/midas or entering Midas at checkout. You'll get a free gifts throughout the year. That's everyday dose.com/midas for 45% off your first order.


And by now, you may have seen this clip right here of a brave 20-year-old US citizen. Adrian Andrew Martinez, who stood up to ice. He was then disappeared by the regime and released, but then he was charged with punching ice officers, which he did not do. And he was standing up for people in this Home Depot parking lot while the Trump regime was having the Gestapo arrest migrants here at play. This clip. Hey, what the fuck? Fucking he not touching Nate. Hey, why the fuck you guys touching people? Fuck fucking get the fuck outta.


No. He fucking touched me, bro. Nate, what the fuck? What is he doing? He the fuck. Now we're taking, I'm fucking shit. Go jail. I'm not doing shit. Hey, what the fuck? My simple, right? I can fucking record you if I want. Hey, hey. What the fuck? Look in the car. In the car. These are illegal citizens. You fucking pieces of shit. Fuck you. Put in the car. Put in the car. Alright. What the fuck is wrong with you guys? Look here. Look, look, look real. Put him in the car. Hey, I got the shit over here. Don't worry about it.


That's up over here though. Fuck. It's no, dude. What the fuck? Kind of shit. They're putting hands on him, dude. And you're putting, that's bullshit. That's bullshit. Why you guys putting hands on homie? Now in this next post, this was posted by Democratic leader Hakeem Jeffries. This is a disturbing video, but they're all frankly disturbing. This is a bunch of masked men in border patrol vests, brutally assaulting and detaining a father in California. You can see his gardening equipment on the floor 'cause he's probably a day laborer who works for homes in California and gardening and landscape. His three sons have all been publicly identified as Marines.


Welcome to Donald Trump's Fascist America. Are you disgusted yet? Play this clip.


Now, this is being posted from the official White House account right here. What I'm showing you, this is a official videos and photos from the White House Instagram account. If you don't believe me, go and look at it yourself. It shows ice agents and customs and border patrol agents dressed in military fatigues. Frankly, they're equipped with military gear that I know are soldiers who served in Afghanistan. Wish they may have had some of this gear. And this is what the Border Patrol post says. It says, we show up, we stand firm. We carry out the mission despite the noise.


Look at this other photo of them like an armed military. Where are they going? Where? Where is this? United States Armed military invading that's being posted on the White House account.


Oh, the Santa Fe Springs Swap Meet family fun. Live music shopping. Open six days a week, Tuesday through Sunday at the Santa Fe swap meet.com. I've been to the Santa Fe swap meet before. It used to be vibrant, thriving, cultural. You would have lots of Latinos there, but frankly, lots of people showed up, enjoyed great food, great things that were for sale right there. But now, border patrol agents dressed like an invading force. Were out there.


Oh, and then they're showing people, giving them the middle finger as helicopters and choppers fly overhead. That's what they're posting on the official White House accounts. Look, it's not a question of is there a constitutional crisis in the United States? It's over. There's, I'll tell you, I mean, we're gonna fight back and we're going to win. But we're past constitutional crisis mode. Okay? We are in fascism mode. You have Donald Trump. An authoritarian, a dictator. America is. This is a dictatorship, period. That is what it is. America's not a democracy right now. Now there are millions of people on the low end, 6 million on the high end, 10 to 12 million people.


Different estimates I saw protesting at the No Kings. The biggest protest in the history of the United States. The think about that, you don't hear about that on corporate news. The largest mass mobilization ever is taking place against a dictatorship that now has taken over the United States with Ma Gestapo punching, attacking, harming people. We heard the story of a 64-year-old man killed during an ice transfer, killed during an ice transfer. Horrific, horrific conditions. We've been sharing the stories of 19-year-old girls, 16-year-old girls ripped from their families thrown in detention centers.


I played you the clips of people crying and howling, thrown into horrific detention centers. And this hits near and dear to my heart. My wife is first generation American. Her family's from Guadalajara. They live in, I'm, I won't say the name of the community, but in Los Angeles, in a community where ice agents are there daily. In those clips that I'm showing you, the ice agents are going to those Home depots. Those ice agents are targeting and attacking people. In my wife's neighborhood, my wife's mother is a United States citizen, as are all of my wife's family members. They don't leave their homes.


I'm trying, I want to explain to you what's happening in these communities from a firsthand perspective. My wife's mom who would go to church frequently, is no longer go. It was a major part of her life, is afraid to leave her home. She used to go to the gym, she's not leaving her home. And now the word on the street is that ice is gonna start going into people's homes. And you see the ice agents, when my nieces and nephews recently graduated, you had ice going around in circles, in menacing ways, threatening and harassing and intimidating Latino communities. And, and, and this is very reminiscent of Nazi Germany. And it's happening right now in the United States while Donald Trump is escalating wars.


And he's going it with Netanyahu against Iran, isolating all of our allies. And by the way, just shows you what an idiot Trump is as he and Netanyahu are going after Iran. Trump sent his sent General Kellogg to meet with Luas Shanko in Belarus, one of Putin's puppets. And Iran and Putin are allied. We have the most idiotic dictator in the world. But let me leave you with some hope. And the hope is, I promise you, the pro-democracy community's going to prevail. I promise you that we, the people will stand up and rise up like we are doing now against the Trump regime.


And when we stick together, when we stay shoulder to shoulder, there is no stopping us. This is democracy. Summer, the protests. And I only encourage peaceful protests, period. Fools only peaceful protests here at the Midas Touch Network. Peaceful protests will continue to grow. We will continue to grow our peaceful protests. Shout out to all the organizers. You are the true hero. Shout up to everybody who is peacefully and following the law and standing up against the Trump regime. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 6 million subscribers. You by Its merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more.


All at store. Do midas touch Com.