
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial. At shopify.com/special offer,


Your burger is served and this is our finest Pepsi Zero Sugar. It's sweet profile, perfectly balances the savory notes of your burger. That Is One perfect combination. Burgers deserve Pepsi.


This MLB season FanDuel's Dinger Tuesday is back. And this year all customers get a profit boost to BET home runs every week. So gear up to go yard all season long on FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 Plus in President Select states opt in required bonus issued is non Withable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including any token expiration in max wager amount. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER


10 years from today. Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses. Lisa's taking now with a A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does and she can finally run with the big dogs. And the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are, the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.


All hell broke loose in Congress yesterday as the Magar Republicans made complete and utter fools of themselves at the various congressional hearings. Watch as Marjorie Taylor Greene just starts speaking out of turn just on her own saying, I love veterans. No one loves veterans more than me. I love veterans. And the Democrats are like, okay, that's great, but like, can we have some order here? Like there are people asking questions. Are you just like, show boating for the camera? And then Marjorie Taylor Greene just starts taking her gavel like a maniac and just starts going whack, whack, whack, whack, whack. And then Democratic Congresswoman Stansberry's like, dude, what are you doing? What the hell was that?


And then Marjorie Taylor Greene's like whack, whack, whack. And then stansberry's like, alright, this is getting a real, like a little weird. You, you wanna read the rules? They're green. Here, watch this, play this clip. The gentleman yells, no one loves veterans more than President Trump. And he's made that apparent. That's why he's working for peace. Madam Chair. Now madam, it's not your timer. It it, I'm the chair of this committee. That's not how I'm Terry procedure. You're not recognizing Ms. Stanbury. You're not recognized. You're not recognized either. You can't just speak anytime you want us not I'm chair this committee. That's not how it Ms. Stans, you're not recognized chairwoman. That is not how par Ms. Stansbury you not recognized all day. But that's not how Stansbury, you're not recognized.


We're gonna get you a Robert Ms. Stanbury. You're not of order Stansbury. You're not recognized. Point of order from Stan Parliamentary procedure. Point of order. Matt, Point of Order. All Madam Chair, calm down. Let's move on. Ms. Stansberry, you're not recognized. Point of order. Madam Chair. Madam Chair. Oh, I'm sorry. You had a point of order. Oh, so Go ahead Madam Chair. Can can we decide who's gonna speak first then we don't. Absolutely. I'm the chair of this committee and Mr. Gill I know. But Mr. Gill from Texas is recognized for five minutes. Then you add the MAGA Republicans in Congress doing their Dear leader routine where you had MAGA Republican Congress member Tim Chet. It's like everybody knows that Donald Trump's approval is soaring.


It's never been so high. We all need to be praising him. Like literally he says that. And then Democratic Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett's, like first off, what the hell are you talking about? Like this hearing is not about that. Number two, she's like, can I get unanimous consent? And can we just read Donald Trump's latest poll numbers? Worst polling ever from this poll? Worst polling ever from that poll. Worst polling ever from this poll. Trump's polling is literally like the worst in presidential history. But these MAGA republicans live in their weirdo cosplay maga fascist world where dear leader does no wrong here, play this clip Are going to continue to live through chaos and destruction that has been occurring ever since he swore in in January.


And I hope y'all remember who caused this 'cause it wasn't The gentle lady. Time has expired. It was also the Congressional Republican. The Gentle Lady's time's time has expired. I now recognize Mr. Ett from Tennessee. Thank you chair lady. I would remind members of both sides of the aisle that that President Trump's approval rating is soaring. And last I checked, congressional approval is, is not. And I think that Bears witness the Madam, Madam chair, have a unanimous consent Without objection. Thank you so much. This is just from a couple of hours ago.


Trump pivots to distractions as polls show collapsing support for his agenda Without objection. So ordered the The next one is Donald Trump's approval rating plunges in multiple polls Without objections. So Order the next one. Donald Trump's approval rating. New polls show shakeup over Iran bombing Without objection. So ordered The next one. Trump's approval rating drops to term low amid Israel, Iran War Without objection. So ordered. I hope you're not reading the same thing from your phone, which it looked like I now recognize. So for clarification, I now recognize Mr. Lynch from Massachusetts for five minutes. I just wanna clarify.


I can give you the sources because Mr. Lynch has recognized Ms. Crockett, you're rudely interrupting Mr. Lynch's. Five minutes. That Was so good. And then Democratic Congressman Jasmine Crockett starts questioning one of the witnesses and says, okay, let's play a game. Helpful or harmful is cutting billions from agencies like the NIH helpful or harmful Here. Play this clip. Miss DeVito, let's go through some of the things that the Republicans have done to see if they're helpful or harmful to Americans. Helpful or harmful stripping healthcare away from 16 million people. I would say harmful. Laying off hundreds of thousands of federal workers. Harmful disrupting or delaying federal services such as social security, harmful Medicaid, harmful snap benefits, harmful cutting billions from agencies like NIH harmful EPA Harmful HUD harmful.


FDA. Harmful. All right, seems like you understand the assignment. You Had Congresswoman Barrigan doing a brilliant cross exam of RFK Junior and she's like, if you claim that you support Alzheimer's research, why are you cutting billions of dollars in Alzheimer's research? You're playing this clip. Do You agree with that assessment? Yes or no? We are completely committed to, do you agree solving the problem of Alzheimer's. Do you agree that the nihs research is critical to the development of Alzheimer's disease treatments? I do. The issue is complicated. Do Okay if you want, if you want a real answer to that question, I'm happy to give It to you. Well I have limited, I have limited time. So you said that you think it's critical, yet you are proposing to cut $1.7 billion from the nihs National Institute on Aging, which is the primary federal agency that supports and conducts Alzheimer's and dementia research that that's a lot of money.


Mr. Secretary, for you being committed to ending an epidemic like Alzheimer's and saying that you believe that NIH does critical work, that is a ton, a ton of money. Then you had a OC light up RFK junior with brilliant cross exam play this clip. If We we're making decisions around waste, fraud and abuse, this is the largest source of waste, fraud, and abuse of public dollars in the public insurance space. Did you say $80 million? 80. $80 billion a year. 80. Did you say 80 million or 80? 80 With a B billion. With a B.


Yeah. Yeah. If that's the case, why did you nearly double the rate that taxpayer dollars give for profit insurance companies like United next year? If you don't know those things, Double the rate. How did I do that? So your agency nearly doubled the taxpayer dollars that for-profit insurance corporations like United will be paid next Year. Next up you had Democratic Congress member Ruiz asking RFK, junior, let me get this straight. Why did you submit a report that you are relying upon to basically prevent people in America from getting immunization and vaccination?


That seems to have relied on all AI and you literally cited fake studies that didn't exist and fake scientists and just like literally fake data and then RFK junior's like, well actually those were just some typos. But what really happened was all of the data is actually still accurate. And Congress Member Ruiz is like, how is it accurate if you literally relied on false reports that don't exist? Play this clip. Miss Secretary Kennedy, you're listed as the chair of the commission. Did you read the report and fact check its sources prior to publication? All of the factual. Did you read the reports and did you yourself fact check them?


Sir, I did not fact check Them. You did not fact check. So the why then, as has the found, Found reported assertion All, excuse me, sir, I'm speaking, why then did the report include citations to sources that don't even exist? How, how does that happen under your leadership, sir? All of the foundational assertions that report are accurate, They did not exist. How can they be accurate if they did not exist? Sir, Some of the citations were, You know, in fact, my understanding some of the citations is that he even wants the report. Even wants the report was updated. More authors and researchers came forward stating that their research was misconstrued. This is quite unbelievable, sir.


In fact, I was a pre-med at UCLA. They have a great pre-med program. If somebody turned this in as an undergrad to their professor at UCLA, they would've received an F sir. An F for the misinterpretation, the falsehoods, the denials, and also citing references that don't even exist. That's lying and dishonest. Sir, my concern here, The citations were Correcting one day. My concern is that you and this administration are undertaking vast changes to our federal public health system. And using purported facts and gold standard evidence that you claim to have as justifications for your decisions, actions and frankly your dis decimation of our nation's public health infrastructure.


Yet what you are relying upon isn't real. It isn't data driven and it isn't based in fact science or reality. Sir. It's wrong. And then RFK JR states that his vision for every American is to be wearing a wearable within four years. You know what like tracks you and tracks your health and tracks everything about you. So remember when the MAGA Republicans were like, oh, the Democrats wanna put chips in your body and they wanna literally track you. Let me get this straight. You have Elon Musk literally wants to install a chip in your head. That's what Musk is. Building a chip inside your brain and your head.


But I guess MAGA is okay with that. You have a AI company called Palantir having a government contract with the Trump regime to create databases and lists on every American. You have RFK Jr wanting everybody to wear a device called a wearable that will track everything about their health and send it to the government That, okay, that's a, it's always projection and confession with these Magnus here play this clip of RFK Jr. Talking about the wearables play this clip About their physical activity, about the way that they live their lives. We think that wearables are a key to the MAHA agenda to making America healthy again.


And we are going to, my, my vision is that every American is wearing a wearable within four years. Yep. I guess that's what MAGA meant by Maha government tracking you.


Let's be honest, coffee isn't just a drink, it's my lifeline and everyone at Midas and you all know that I take my coffee very seriously as the resident coffee geek here. So when I tell you I found the best, I mean it. It's called trade and it's completely changed my morning routine trade is the number one US coffee destination working with over 50 of the country's top roasters. They've taste tested thousands of coffees to curate over 450 roasts. And they help you find the perfect one. You just take a quick quiz seriously under a minute and boom, they match you with your ideal cup. And if your first bag isn't quite right, trade will will replace it for free until they nail it. My current favorite, this Ethiopian roast from Temple Coffee Roasters in Sacramento, super fresh with the roast date printed right on the bag. It smells incredible and it's so fresh. I could smell it through the Pacagen and the taste notes of tangerine, mango and Stone Fruit. It makes for a smooth, balanced cup every single time. And the best part, I don't have to go to the store or overpay at the cafe Fresh Roasted to order coffee shows up right at my door. It's like I'm getting a gift for myself every few weeks. Right now trade is exclusively offering our listeners 50% off your one month trial@drinktrade.com slash midas. That's drink trade TRAD e.com/me IDAs for 50% off your one month trial. Drink trade.com/midas.


Next you have Congress, a Democratic Congress member Kelly speaking to RFK Jr. About the fact that the still, the HHS COVID vaccine webpage still lists it. Play this clip, What you said was wrong. We're not depriving anybody of choice. If a pregnant woman wants the COVID to 19 vaccine, she can get it no longer recommending it because there was no science supporting that recommendation or study after study that shows adverse events. One study 27 adverse events during pregnancy from that campaign. Well, I'm gonna interrupt you 'cause I need to reclaim the Time. Another study shows an increase in miscarriage. There's no safety Data For it.


So we're not gonna recommend not True. We have A we don't have safety. You have a pediatrician that is on this committee. Not true. I'll go back to, does HHS COVID-19 vaccine webpage reflect the department's view viewpoint on COVID-19 vaccines? Please, yes or no? I didn't understand the question. You're asking if, If the HH S'S CVID 19 vaccine webpage reflect the department's viewpoint on COVID-19 vaccines? I imagine it does. I haven't seen the website. You haven't seen HH S'S COVID-19 vaccine. Well, No, I I haven't read the entire Well, it's kind of troubling that you're unaware of what your own department's website states on the safety and efficacy of the vaccination.


Let me read it directly to you. COVID Ovid 19 vaccines are safe and effective and COVID-19 vaccines are available to everyone six months and older. Getting vaccinated. Vaccinated is the best way to help protect people from COVID-19. Get vaccinated if you haven't. Chairman, I have the paper copy of the website to insert into the record. Democratic Congress member Carter right here. Let's play it. It's unacceptable sir. Lastly, I'd like to bring your attention. Termination of HIV vaccine studies. These cuts make up a $258 million. Secretary Kennedy, did you make the decision to terminate these studies?


I didn't personally make that decision, but I understand my Oath. You, you, you sanctioned them. How could you possibly justify such an action? We've been studying an HI been promising an HIV vaccine since 1984 and every year Congress pours money into it and every year it, 'cause they haven't come up with where every year It accomplish Nothing. Cut the forward motion by getting rid of NIH dollars that critically do research that save lives. And because it hasn't happened yet, well, we haven't show. It shows my time. It's my time. Show me one life show. It's my time, sir. Show me one. I can show you a whole lot of lives if you got a minute. I'm, I'm insulted that you would suggest that there aren't lives that have been lost. People are dying every day, sir.


And for you to say, show me one, there are people all over this country that are suffering the loss of their loved ones. Democratic Congresswoman Schreyer right here. Some great cross exam. Let's play it now. I know Senator Cassidy had concerns about your views on this. And so when he voted to confirm you as Secretary of HHS on February 4th, he explained that decision by saying on the Senate floor that quote, if confirmed, you will maintain the CDCs advisory committee on immunization practices without changes. But then two weeks ago, you fired all 17 experts on that very committee.


Mr. Secretary, question for you. Did you lie to Senator Cassidy when you told him you would not change this panel of experts? I never made that agreement. So are you saying that Senator Cassidy lied when he was on the Senate floor, lied to the American people? I didn't see that statement by Senator Cassy. I only heard it from you. But if he said that I agreed to it, it would be inaccurate. I made an agreement. I have that with him. Clearly I made an agreement with him and he and I have talked many times about that agreement My time. I just wanna tell you that for most of us sitting here right now, we believe Senator Cassidy more than we trust you when it comes to vaccinations.


It sounds to me like you gave him the answer he needed to hear in order to get his confirmation vote. And then as soon as you were secretary, you turned around and did whatever you want. You fired all 17 members. I'm complying with all the agreements that I, Senator, Mr. Secretary, Senator Cassidy, Mr. You're now on the record. You lied to Senator Cassidy. You have lied to the American people. You have lied to parents about vaccines for 20 years. And I also wanna be clear that I will lay all responsibility for every death from a vaccine preventable illness at your feet. I yield back While that was going on, you had MAGA Republican congress member Turner saying that, okay, we know the US bombs did not destroy Iran's nuclear sites.


That's not news because it was never the goal to destroy the nuclear sites. That's what the MAGA Republicans are going with. We never wanted to destroy the nuclear sites. So really go, go. That's what they're going like, do y'all just think that we are stupid? Do you promised you destroy the nuclear sites? The whole thing was denuclearization. That's what you said. So you didn't destroy the nuclear sites. Iran still has nuclear weapons. They're speeding it up. They're no longer working with the IAEA, so there's gonna be no supervision of it. They're meeting with Putin and Russia and, and and China and cementing their alliances against the United States. There. The Donald Trump praised China and said that China should be buying cheap oil from Iran.


What, what was it? I guess it was make Iran great again. It was the whole plan to make Iran great again. 'cause you know who it benefits. If you have a really strong Iran, you know who it benefits Putin and Russia because Iran is supplying Putin with the SHA head drones that are killing the innocent Ukrainians. But I'm sure we all knew that. Here play this clip. But then let's go to the next step is that we have this headline that CNN is reporting with the headline says, US bombs did not destroy Iran's nuclear sites. Early Intel suggests. What's what's troubling about that headline? And Phil, let's let's try to, you know, get us all back on track here.


Is it that headline is not fake news, but it's it's not news because the administration did not say that the bombs destroyed Iran's nuclear sites. I have in front of me the president's statement and the president said that they had sent, they had carried out massive precision strikes on three key nuclear facilities. Then you have MAGA Republican Congress member McCall on CNN who is really upset that the intelligence showing that Trump did not destroy the nuclear sites that that leaked. And McCall says, I've been briefed on this plan in the past.


The plan was never to destroy the nuclear facilities. Oh, really? So you've got McCall and Turner saying, we never wanted to destroy the facilities. Oh. And give Trump a, a Nobel Peace Prize here play this clip. I I'm interested to know your reaction to this considering that President Trump has repeatedly said that the program was completely obliterated. Well, it's, it's unfortunate that intelligence gets leaked so quickly in this administration. I understand the presence frustration. Having said that, it did cause significant damage. And I think that's important in terms of a a, a time to negotiate a peaceful resolution.


However, and I've been briefed on this plan in the past, it, it was never to completely destroy these three facilities, but rather cost significant damage. But it would, it was always known to be a temporary setback where they could then rebuild the centrifuges. Democratic Congress member Robert Garcia became the head of the House, the ranking member of the House Oversight Committee. Great news right there. He came on the Midas Touch Network. First, let's play it and straight off the post victory win the ranking member of the House of the Oversight committee. We have Congress member Robert Garcia, Democrat, Congress Member Garcia.


First off, congratulations on the victory. Now the ranking member of the Oversight committee for the Democrats. I was just showing a bunch of clips right there before about MAGA Mike Johnson and what he's trying to pull. But let, let's talk more about what the Democrats are doing for moving the agenda forward. And specifically what you are gonna be doing now as the ranking member of the oversight committee. I mean, Democrats still in the minority, but what are you gonna do? Well, look, first I'm very grateful of course, to the House Democratic Caucus just winning the election. As you all know, the House oversight and Government Reform Committee is at the heart of keeping Congress working for the American public.


It's about investigations. It's about taking on corruption. It's about investigating those that are in power, that are trying to damage the public and our institutions. And at the same time, it's about government reform. It's how do we make government actually work for the public? How do we actually make it more efficient? How do we actually transform government to support the workforce? That's what oversight is. And as we know, oversight has always been that committee that is investigating corruption. And so it's been an, it was an honor to work with Jerry Connolly. Obviously Jamie Raskin was one of my heroes coming into Congress and to be able to take on this role as the lead Democrat on this committee, we are going to hold Donald Trump and his administration accountable.


I'm grateful for the support and I'm happy to be here with you. And Here we have Democratic Senator Ossoff and his questioning to the head of the VA Collins here at play. This Clip 17% to 24 B, not not medical care, medical services. So here, here's your okay. Just, and just to be clear, I mean the chairman mentioned this. We usually get this, I understand completely specifies How many folks you intend to employ. We have a 26 page PowerPoint, but in that 26 page PowerPoint here are specified about $17 billion in cuts to the medical services budget. So who, what, what are you cutting in medical services? Who specifically, who are you cutting since that's exclusively personnel?


The, again, in this, and this is the issue that we have, right? And now, and I'll just state this for either of us to go back in circles, you'll be getting, we'll be providing more of those numbers, as I said yesterday on our phone call This week. So at this point in time, the numbers that we're providing are the numbers that we have at this point. I'll be happy to talk to you further about those later. I, I'm just, I'm and understand that, that that's why we usually get these in advance of this hearing. I mean, I'm wondering if we need to reconvene having received the full budget request. 'cause the thing that is causing a lot of consternation is this proposed posed 17, $18 billion cut to medical services.


I mean that. And so today is the budget hearing where you justify the budget request. So how do you justify this cut to medical services and who are you going to fire in order to pay for it? And I'll go back to the same answer I gave you just a few minutes ago. I mean, in, in this process, we'll have the more information on that part of it as we go forward. The basis were of the budget was based on the, you know, our workforce as it existed and moving forward. And the numbers have not been cut to the medical, I'm, I'm sorry. Yes, it has the care budget. You, you have in your PowerPoint here, 17, $18 billion in cuts to medical services. Again, this is the, this is a 26 page PowerPoint to justify the budget.


So, and this is the budget hearing. So who, who's getting fired? I, I don't know Mr. Chairman, if we need to reconvene, we don't after they send us the materials, but I think this is insufficient. We clearly, and I'll follow up in my next round. Thank you Mr. Chairman. There You have it folks. Let me know what you think. Think, hit, subscribe. Let's get to 6 million subscribers. The truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection@storemidastouch.com All 100%. USA Union made.