
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler. The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my bets in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook gambling problem Call one 800 Gambler.


You see with Donald Trump, it's the Art of Weakness, the Art of Surrender. That clip I just shared with you where it's the sound of drones being sent by Russia, Shahe drones into kyiv bombing Kyiv killing over a dozen people on Kyiv Day, celebrating the 1500 years since Kyiv was first founded. And Russia sees Donald Trump's actions. Putin sees Donald Trump's actions as pure weakness, as Donald Trump refuses to be involved in any type of negotiations anymore between Putin and Ukraine.


In fact, Donald Trump seemed to be cheerleading for Putin, if anything. And then you have that as a result. Zelinsky also called Donald Trump out for his silence and saying, you know, basically silence is complicity at this point. You're giving Putin a pass. As I said at the outset when it comes to Donald Trump. It's the art of surrender. It's the art of defeat. It's the art of weakness. Donald Trump over the weekend again, also announced that those 50% tariffs he threatened against the European Union. What was it, two days ago, three days ago at this point that he is going to delay imposing the 50% tariffs on Europe, which was gonna take place in like five days.


He's gonna be now moving the next deadline to, I think he says July 9th, because he got a call from the President of the European Commission, Ursula of Vle. And he said, okay, okay. Then he tries to pretend that that's a victory. It's the art of weakness. It's the art of surrender. As our editor in chief at the Midas Touch Network, Ron Philip Kowski, who you know and love, here's how he's, how, here's how he describes it. Trump reduced the tariffs on China in exchange for nothing. He capitulated, he caved. Trump paused the tariffs on Canada and Mexico in exchange for nothing. He just postponed the tariffs on EU in exchange for nothing.


He threatened Russia with sanctions if they didn't sinus cease fire and then did nothing. That's what Donald Trump believes is the art of the deal. But it's really just cave man Trump because he keeps on caving, always giving in on tariffs at the deadline while getting no deals in return. Concepts of deals though, lots of stuff happening behind the scenes any day now. I guess that golden age is going to be here. Now. Trump's turned the United States of America into the laughing stock of the world. I saw something on the Council of Foreign Relations recently that said, where one of the speakers said the United States is even doing something that Russia didn't do. The United States is both making itself weaker on the international stage and destroying the basic functioning of the day-to-day governance.


Ron Philip Kowski, editor in chief, also writes the following on Sunday. Donald Trump says that he's not happy with Putin. He goes, he's not happy with Putin bombing civilians every day, but it's only because Trump's dream of a Nobel Peace prize isn't happening. He won't do anything about it though, except say he's unhappy and then go back to golf. And then like he did yesterday. What was he posting? A photo while he was golfing of a swan attacking his golf buddy. Donald Trump thought that that was something that he should post. Incidentally, our editor in chief, Ron Popowski explained, I think that's the swan at Bedminster, at the 16th hole that guards the grave of Ivana Donald Trump's first wife, who he buried at Bedminster and kind of the marsh area, actually buy that hole so that Donald Trump could potentially claim tax deductions by calling Bedminster his golf course a cemetery.


And then Ron Philip Kowski also writes, really Trump's surprise that Putin doesn't want peace. Shocked, shocked. I tell you. So here's what Donald Trump said yesterday, just so you can kind of see for yourself. A reporter asks him, you mentioned you're unhappy with Putin, you've talked before about more sanctions. Is that something you're considering? And then Donald Trump goes on this weird rant that he's like, I'm, I'm shocked. What the hell happened to him? This is not the Putin. I know, I I've known him for a long time. Can you believe this? Yes, we can believe he's Putin. He's a genocidal maniac. We, we can absolutely believe that. But you were the one who promised everybody that on day one in 24 hours you were going to bring peace to Ukraine.


You said because of your relationship with Putin and Zelensky. But you are an absolute liar. But here play this clip. You Mentioned you're unhappy with President Putin. You've talked before about putting more sanctions on Russia. Is that something you're considering more true? Absolutely. He's killing a lot of people. I don't know what's wrong with him. What the hell happened to him? Right? He's killing a lot of people. I'm not happy about that. Go ahead. What else? Then a reporter asks Trump additional questions about Putin and then Trump's response was to basically finish his sentence by saying, why the hell would I tell you what I'm gonna do? You're fake news, aren't you? You are fake news. And again, it just, so your fake news, why would I tell the fake news, dude?


What the hell are you talking about here? Play this clip right here. Yeah, I'll give you An update. I'm not happy with what Putin's doing. He's killing a lot of people and I don't know what the hell happened to Putin. I've known him a long time, always gotten along with him, but he's sending rockets into cities and killing people and I don't like it at all. Okay? We're in the middle of talking and he's shooting rockets into KEB and other cities. I don't like it at all. So, Mr. President, what do you want to do about That? And I'm surprised. I'm very surprised. We'll see what we're gonna do. What am I gonna tell you? Well, you're the fake news, aren't you? You're totally fake. Alright, any other questions? I don't like what Putin is doing. Not even a little bit. He's killing people and something happened to this guy and I don't like it.


Then as Donald Trump's being asked these questions by reporters in Morristown, New Jersey on this, this landing strip or tarmac, wherever the heck he is, he was told that Pete Hegseth, department of Defenses, interim chief of staff worked in the Biden administration as a holdover who was critical of Trump. And it was like the first time Trump heard that, he's like, that's very bad. I'm gonna have to do something about that. Secretary Hank's acting chief of staff is a Biden administration holdover, who has said some very critical things about you and Vice President Vance. A few thoughts on that. Who is the chief of staff? I'm Brittany Fara.


I, I have no idea who he is, but if he did say that, I would recommend that we don't take him. I mean if he did say something like that, I would recommend we don't take him. But let's see. I'll take a look far. I'll check it out. Do Do you even know who's working for you, Donald? Like do, do you know at all what's going on? Do you know what's signing? There's always projection and confession with the Trump regime and these mags though, you know, isn't it so like when they accused former President Biden of like, you didn't do anything. It was just the auto pen that did anything like, you know, they're telling on themselves. 'cause who the hell makes up something like that? The auto pen. Here's what I know. Under former President Biden, we had a stable, predictable values-based government.


Two New Nations join nato. Our international standing was never more powerful than it was under former President Biden. Domestically. We had GDP growth that was number one across the world. We had inflation under control such that the Fed was reducing interest rates. We had record job growth, 16.2 million jobs, created record low unemployment. We were energy independent producing the most energy anywhere in the world. 40,000 infrastructure projects were going up across the country. So that, that, that's what I do know about. About what actually was transpiring under the Biden administration. And here Donald Trump, whose whole thing is what?


America. America. Well he's approving the deal now with neon steel in Japan to take over US Steel. But see, Trump's such an idiot that he thinks he did the deal with Nissan, not Neon. He goes, Nissan is a great company. Neon. It's Nissan, not Nissan. You idiot. Here play this clip. Another Question you announced on Friday about US Steel and upon steel. Yeah. What will the ownership structure look like? What made you cancel Nissan? It'll be controlled by the United States. Otherwise I wouldn't make the deal. I went to the unions, to the, all of the local unions. They all wanted it. And I'm doing it because all of the congressmen came in about five of them.


And the others I understand are in concurrence. And they asked that I do it. Everybody seems to want it. And we'll see. I mean, you know, we'll see what the final is. But they're gonna invest millions of dollars in steel and it's a good company. Nissan's a very good company. We'll see. But it would, it's an investment and it's a partial ownership, but it'll be controlled by the USA. Now, I played the clips of Donald Trump's disastrous speech before West Point before the United States Army grads over and over again. So I'm not gonna play it again here. But it was like when Donald Trump said that he gave a great commencement speech at the Ohio State University when he gave the speech at Alabama.


Not to mention Donald Trump talking about trophy wives in front of the Army grads And that he doesn't like stealth. 'cause Trump literally thinks that stealth planes are invisible. And he says, I could still see them even though they have the funny shapes. And that's a pretty problematic thing for a commander in chief to say. He also attacked Obama and Biden, which was disgraceful. He attacked the transgender community, which was disgraceful. It was just an overall, he call, he compared himself to Al Capone. Just bizarre stuff. I mean like, like here, while Donald Trump is, is answering questions to you'll, you'll see again that he believes that one of the big problems with Harvard is like, it's like he's learning for the first time that they have international students.


Donald, there's so many schools that have international students. It's not just Harvard. That that's what upsets you about Harvard. That it has international students. Then he demands the names here, play this clip. Yeah. On, on Harvard. Do you think you'll come for their endowment in any way or go after financial aid? Look, part of the problem with Harvard is that there about 31%, almost 31% of foreigners coming to Harvard. We give them billions of dollars, which is ridiculous. We do grants, which we're probably not gonna be doing much grants anymore to Harvard, but they're 31%. But they refuse to tell us who the people are. We want to know who the people. Now, a lot of the foreign students we wouldn't have a problem with.


I'm not gonna have a problem with foreign students. But it shouldn't be 31%. It's too much. Because we have Americans that want to go there and to other places and they can't go there. 'cause you have 31% foreign. Now, no foreign government contributes money to Harvard. We do. So why are they doing so many? Number one. Number two, we want a list of those foreign students and we'll find out whether or not they're okay. Many will be okay, I assume. And I assume with Harvard, many will be bad. And then the other thing is they're very anti-Semitic. Everybody knows they're anti-Semitic and that's gotta stop immediately. And here was Donald Trump capitulating saying that he would be not imposing the 50% tariffs on Europe.


You know, conveniently, you know, as, as we head into, you know, the opening of the markets, you know, soon, it's obviously Memorial Day, by the way, happy Memorial Day to everybody. And and it's really a solemn day as well where it's important that we remember all of the fallen soldiers who have sacrificed everything for us. But he, here's the speech of Donald Trump at the eu. Let's play it. Let's both The European mission President Bonder Lyon, did you discuss the 50% tariffs? And did you agree to, she just called me as you know and she asked for an extension on the June 1st date. And she said she wants to get down to serious negotiation because I, I told you specifically, but I told anybody that would listen, they have to do that.


And we had a very nice call and I agreed to move it. I believe June 9th would be July 9th would be the date. That was the date she requested. Could we move it from June 1st to July 9th? And I agreed to do that. And that she said, we will rapidly get together and see if we can work something out. A few other data points I wanna point out as well, the shipping situation from China to the US actually hasn't gotten all that much better since Trump rushed his trade advisor, Jamison Greer and Scott Besson, his treasury secretary to cave to China. Apollo says the following, it's been nearly two weeks since the China US trade deal, but container traffic from China to the US hasn't shown a strong rebound.


Are 30% tariffs on China still too high? Yes. Or our US companies simply waiting to see if tariffs will drop further before ramping up shipments. That's the problem with Trump's policies. He's so malicious, arbitrary, and capricious that there's, that no one even knows what the hell he's even doing at any given point and time. Wanna, I always gotta mention climate on these videos now because it's so, so important. And I think it sometimes gets short shrift and not a lot of people talk about it. But one of the things that Trump has directed his justice department to do is it's not good enough that the Trump EPA and the Trump agencies are trying to destroy the environment at the federal level.


They're having the Department of Justice sue the states that are trying to, as states rights issues, help the environment in their states. So there's a lot of states that are saying, or we're gonna make polluters basically reimburse the state for their stuff. Trump suing them. Trump and the MAGA Republicans pushing forward legislation to try to block the emission standards that California sets. And I live in California, what, 30 years ago. There was so much smog. It was gross. We got that under control in California. But Trump wants to bring back the smog 'cause it's an absolute death cult. There's nothing else to really say about it.


So there you have it right there again, he caves, he's a loser. Weak, pathetic. And you, you just, you can see it just all play out there, I think, right? I mean, it's just the behavior of a loser and, and, and it's humiliating to the United States. Tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and, and thanks so much for watching and have a restful memorial day. But remember what the Memorial Day is all about. It's about remembering the troops who made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. Love this video, continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.


When it comes to Father's Day. Some things never change. Dads want steak. And the experts at Omaha steaks are making it easy for you to deliver uncompromising quality with gifts that are sure to make his day. Plus get an extra $35 off with code. Thanks, dad. When you shop omaha steaks.com today, we know being your dad means he already has everything he could want. But just picture the look on his face when he sees those extra aged USDA certified tender steaks, juicy air, chilled chicken, beefy burgers, and more with carefully curated gift packages from America's original butcher. It's never been easier to show everyone why your dad's favorite and every bite is 100% guaranteed to bring a thrill to the Kang of the Grill. Shop now@omahasteaks.com and get an extra $35 off with code. Thanks dad. But don't wait. Father's Day is June 15th. Minimum purchase may apply. Seaside for details.