
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task Unless you have a partner like Shopify. They have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing, to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash special offer.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck G. PT, What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is knowledgeable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook. Gambling problem? Call one 800 GAMBLER.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantisx X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next with Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Manis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx dot com. That's Mantisx dot com.


Wow. All hell has broken loose in the House of Representatives and the Senate at the same time that the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security serving as Donald Trump's Gestapo was beating, attacking detaining United States Senator Alex Padilla. We saw the magar Republicans in the house call a hearing with sitting Democratic governors. And then you saw members, the magar Republican members yelling at the Democrats and saying, just shut up. Shut up. There was screaming, there was cursing. It was going down. It is a total mess. Trump has turned all of DC with the MA Republicans leading it into absolute chaos.


Watch what goes down here. When ma Republican Congress member James Comer and the oversight committee just starts yelling at Democratic Congress. Member Frost, play this clip. Follow. Shut up. Just shut up. No, you don't. You're not gonna tell me to shut up. Let's what do, hold on. How do you, how do you get an order you're running? Not like that. He's, he has been, he has been outta order six times. He's trying to get on M-S-N-B-C. You probably knocked I get it. Somebody off in BC To get on there on s NBC because he's been arrested. A former Antifa member. Right. Mr. Green. Go. He's a Former Antifa member. Mr. Chairman, you got it. Not surprise. Who's a former Antifa member? Me.


Yeah. You I ask that these Words be taken down. Yeah. No, Ms. Green. Thank you. You're recogniz. I ask that Mr. Chairman, most governor, governor hope Ms. Green is recognized. Governor, hope That stated that you're a proud Democrat. Crowd registered Democrat. We gotta suspend. There's been a parliamentary. And then you had, again, I, I said there was a hearing involving Democratic governors. You then had New York Democratic Governor Kathy Hoel there, and then Marjorie Taylor Green said, are you smiling at me? Stop smiling at me. Play this clip. I have to $10 million a day to fees feed. And how are you smiling at me about this? I'm not, you look like you got quite a smile on your face. No, because I can say general Lady will not.


This is my time. Reclaiming my time. I'm thinking about witness. Don't you dare smile. Attack witness about the murder of Lake Laura, About her parents. The third Time question, how I look Time, Jose, my heart is breaking for her parents my time. Governor Hoel, the third time he was arrested was in the same. Then You had Nancy Mace demanding to know of the governor's what a woman is. Do you know what a woman is? Am I a woman? She says, here, play this clip. Team 90. Okay. What is a woman? I What is a woman is the question I'm, I'm not sure I understand the question here. Well, that, Okay. What do you, what do you want me to say?


This is, I want you to say That a woman like me is an Adult human female. That men can't become women. You guys are the party of violence and you're the party erasing women. You don't respect us. You're a bigot. You're a misogynist. You're a sexist. Mr. Chairman, I yield back Congresswoman. Good lady. Yield back. Mr. Chairman, I unanimous Mr. Cortez from New York. All right, well that was some kind of bingo going on over there. I don know what's going on anyways. Oh, I know what's going on. Thank You. So thank You. Then Marjorie Taylor Green continues to yell at Democratic New York Governor Ka Hoel and says, the Department of Justice must prosecute you for murder.


Play this clip. You Are responsible for the murder of this little girl. Laken Riley and the Department of Justice should prosecute you for her murder. Objection. Objection. I don't care how much you object and if you support it too. Objection. You're responsible for her murder. All right. I yield on a point of order, lady. A point of order ladies', time of point. Mr. Chairman. These witnesses have been here for over four hours. They've all voluntarily have been engaging with our members, with, with respect. They've all treated our members with respect. Lake And Riley is dead Forever. Forever, forever. Rules.


They can sit there all day. Rules my time. Hold on. Hold on. No State, state, your state, your point. I'm trying to state your No, no. The point of inquiry, not a debate. Our rules. Our rules, if you would let me speak. Our rules of de decorum dictate that our witnesses should be treated with respect. And I ask you to enforce de decorum and remind committee members to treat our witnesses with respect. Our, our members are, That was a common theme. The MAGA Republicans in full fascist mode. Were basically looking at the Democratic governors and just yelling at them and saying, you need to be prosecuted. Charges should be brought. Here you have Democratic congresswoman, a OC pushing back against the MAGA Republicans and saying like, you're just witness intimidation.


Like you're just threatening witnesses with arrest. Here, play this clip. False and charges should be for obstruction should be brought against each one of you for doing this. I'll leave that up to the Department of Justice. Mr. Chairman, I yield back Chair. Dale recognizes Ms. Crockett from Texas, Mr. Chairman and Mr. Chair, point of order. Point of order that that was intimidation of the witness. Do do you, do you have a point of inquiry? Yes. I have a point of inquiry that your point raising the prospect of charges against witnesses is a, a form of intimidation. Is it not? Thank you. I thank you. I and I withdraw the question. I appreciate Chair, chair recognize Ms. Crockett. Thank You. Then you had Magar Republican congress member Mike Lawler from New York almost trying to troll the Democrats by staying on their side and just like standing on their side of the house floor.


And then you have a Democratic Congress member like just screaming at him. Like, dude, just get the F out of here. Y'all are just a bunch of fascist menas. Get the F out. Watch what went down on the house floor. Play this clip Mad. Get fucking tell, tell them you know who I'm, you know, I'm like, Then you had this moment right here where Illinois Democratic Governor Pritzker said to Mary to said to Magar Republican congress member Mary Miller, I'm not going to be lectured by someone who quote extols the virtues of Hitler like you here play this clip.


Do you Stand by your policy of tying the hands of Illinois law enforcement? Yes or no, sir, You know, Congresswoman Miller? Sir, I am not sir going to be lectured to by somebody who exposed. Sir, IM reclaiming my time Of Alf. I time chairman of somebody who, who has in 2020 4th of January sixth, I'm reclaiming my time


Sierra ever put on a shirt and instantly feel like you've got your whole life together. That's exactly what happened when I tried. True Classic. These shirts fit and I mean actually fit. They're snug in the chest and shoulders looser in the midsection and the fabric. Soft, breathable, zero stiffness. I'm wearing mine right now. I wear True Classic running errands even out to dinner. They are that versatile and I'm not the only one. True Classic is blowing up for a reason. You're getting premium quality without that designer price tag. Plus they're doing good giving back to underserved communities and helping guys show up with confidence and purpose. You can feel that in the mission and the fit. Forget fast fashion. This is gear that's built to last and built with intention. It's why I upgraded my wardrobe with a bunch of their shirts. So go upgrade your wardrobe now and grab them at Target Costco or head to True Classic dot com slash midas and get hooked up today. That's True Classic dot com slash midas. M-E-I-D-A-S.


And wow, this was quite the moment where you had GOP representative Mike Turner trying to help out Hesi by getting him to confirm that the Pentagon does not have plans to invade Greenland, but apparently they do have plans to ingrade, to invade Greenland. Play this clip, You know, lawyer here. I just wanna help you out 'cause people try to to, to, you know, twist your words. You are not confirming in your testimony today that the, that at the Pentagon there are plans that for invading or taking by force Greenland. Correct. That is not your testimony today. All my testimony is, is that the Pentagon has plans for any number of contingencies.


It it is not your testimony today that there are plans at the Pentagon for taking by force or invading Greenland. Correct. 'cause I'm sure as hell hope that, that it is not your testimony. We look forward to working with Greenland to ensure that it is secured from any potential threats. Excellent. I get back. You have more issues where the Magar Republicans tell Pritzker that women don't want him in their bathrooms. Play this clip. I I'm asking you, have you ever considered that women don't want you in their bathrooms? That that's a private space that they, they don't want you or Any other man in Congressman, let's talk about your, your, you can, you can't say that failure to vote normal people can say Medicaid like you want take Medicaid away.


They don't think men should be in women's restrooms. That's a very straightforward question. You apparently want people to, and you're encouraging men to use women's restaurants where there could be underage Girls. Do you think that's appropriate, Sir? If we're gonna politic, think that's normal. Do let's talk about what you're doing to people in this country. You think, think that's normal by virtue of your votes. All right, let's move on. Let's President Trump and you have Democratic Congress member Carbajal to Heif over here saying that you're an embarrassment to the country. Play this clip. You know What? Proud, you know, I'm not gonna waste my time anymore. You're not worthy of my attention or my questions. You're an embarrassment to this country. You're unfit to lead and there's been bipartisan members of Congress that have called for your resignation.


You should just get the hell out and let somebody comp competently lead this department. Here we have Democratic Congresswoman, Jasmine Crockett, let's play it. Addition to that, I know that there's been some conversations about what's going on in LA and they want to say that it's riots because they didn't want people to keep talking about, say the Epstein files or whatever other drama was popping off between the president and his little friend. So they wanted to change the conversation to immigration because they feel like, well the polling is in our benefit. But let me tell you something. If they cared about making sure we were gonna be fiscally responsible, they would tell the American people that it cost them $134 million to send the National Guard to LA for the quote unquote riots that the governor didn't ask for, nor did the mayor of LA ask for.


And they sent them over there and they say that they care about our service members, yet they sent them and they were laying on the floor. They did not provide for food. So I don't know why we would believe that. Number one, they wanna fix this. They don't wanna fix this because the brokenness is a feature, not AF flaw of the system because it is beneficial to them when it comes to campaigning. If they can't stoke fear, then why are they going to say have anybody vote for them? Because that's what people are doing. They're voting outta fear. Then we have Democratic Congress member Smith to Hsif play this clip. Yeah. And I'm sincerely concerned about this. Is it the policy of the Department of Defense that we need to be prepared to take Greenland and Panama by force if necessary.


Is this a policy that you have within the Department of Defense in accordance with the president's wishes? I heard what you said about the, those two countries and saying we need to worry about China. Well, we are worried about China Recogniz. That wasn't my concern. China's malign influence in Panama. I was the recognition China has controlled the force using military force, force or malign take another cyber of the country's territory. So we should pay attention to that. Right. So Panama is very key terrain that we've focused on and we've been willing to focus. So we, his green Lynch, we should take it by military force. They're important. I'm not gonna argue with that. The Arctic is, I'm our military to take it by force. Our job at the DOD is to have plans. And do you have a plan for that?


We, our job at the defense department is to have plans for any particular contingency, including the contingency of basically dead water. Any contingency you need. We've got it. We've got a building full of planners and we're prepared to give recommendations whenever needed. So just be clear. You, you do you, you have plans to take Panama and Greenland by force if necessary. I think the American people would want the Pentagon to have plans for any particular contingency. Not for that. And thankfully we are in the planning business speaking on behalf of the American people. I don't think the American people voted for President Trump. 'cause they were hoping we would invade Greenland. I'm gonna go out on a limb on that one. I yield back. Governor Tim Walls from Minnesota was in attendance. Here was AOCs questioning with him play this clip.


Have to say, I know you're getting a lot of grief from the majority here, but you know this, we are talking about individuals who have cheered on, in individual who issued a Nazi salute from behind the presidential seal of the United States of America who have cheered on the pardoning of individuals who attacked the United States capitol and flew a Nazi flag and the flag of the Confederacy traitors to the United States sworn enemies of the United States of America through the capital of this nation.


And now they wanna act offended because someone has the courage to say, if it walks like a duck and it talks like a duck, maybe it's a duck. So I want to thank you for not wavering to their bullying, which is unconscionable and sad to see. So I just wanted to let you know that. Governor, thank you. Thank you Congresswoman. More of Pritzker and Maga Republic Perry play this clip. Just can you cite which laws he's, which law in this regard? He's broken. Well, there have been congressionally approved appropriations that this president has cut off and we've had to go to court that, that's illegal.


We've had to go to court to have it reinstated. It's illegal. It is. You have, if you have to go to court, it's illegal and it's still working its way through the courts, right? Yes. But things have been So it ruled on already. So it's not illegal yet, it's your opinion. But regarding, regarding the judge, when a judge rules on it that that's, that's the law. Okay. It's the law at that moment until the next judge rules on it. Okay. Right. 'cause you understand court. If another judge court and you're the attorney here, I'm not, but you're not saying he broke the law regarding the riots in, in, in Los Angeles right now. Or are you saying that that hasn't been ruled upon yet. So, but are you saying he broke the law on that regard or not the answer he did, but that is not what I'm referring to. Okay. You're not referring No.


And Again, while all of this was going down, you had Democratic California Senator Alex Padilla getting tackled and thrown to the floor by the Trump Gestapo. Play this clip And seat. Sir. Sir, hands up. Hands up. I'm Senator Alex Padilla. I have questions for the secretary. The fact of the matter is half a dozen rotating on your on the ground.


Hands on your back. Hands on your back Hands. Lay lay sir other hand. There's no recording loud out here. I did not know there's no recording allowed out here per f fbi. Right? What? I'm sorry. There's no recording out Here. That's my boss. I have, there's record. There's no recording. I'm not a member. There's no recording. I understand that, sir. But You have Democratic Congresswoman Ansari.


Here's what she says, Jim. Mr. Perry just mocked us for referring to Donald Trump as a dictator. So let's, let's run through the list Donald Trump has since you as inaugurated, pardoned violent. January 6th, insurrectionists dictator defied supreme court orders and attacked the judiciary dictator unilaterally, unilaterally abolished congressionally chartered federal agencies. Dictator attacked the free press. Sounds like a dictator, kidnapped people off of the streets and deported them to foreign prisons without due process. Sounds like a dictator, defunded, higher education dictator threatened law firms and the legal profession dictator this weekend he is spending tens of millions of dollars to host a massive military parade for his birthday.


Is this like, is this North Korea On top of all of that, our twice impeached president with a 34 count convicted felony president, who is not a king, has deployed the active duty military in American cities. And he has spent $134 million to do so. He has their guns trained on American citizens without the consent of local authorities or the state's governor to purposefully generate chaos and provoke a reaction. Meanwhile, we have Republicans on this side of the aisle asking governors of states about bathrooms.


Like this is the most dystopian, horrific episode of Black Mirror that I have ever seen. To our wi Here's another clip of a OC. Apologies, I just have 10 seconds left. But when they say illegal versus legal immigration, they are trying to end legal status in the United States as well. Correct? Governor Pritzker with the end of TPS and making people undocumented by removing legal status, ending legal status, and then having the audacity to call them illegal when they were here. Documented Correct. Taking students' visas away from people taking their legal right to be in the United States away from them when they've been granted maybe years earlier to stay. So I don't wanna hear about how this is about illegal versus legal immigration.


They are attacking legal status and removing legal status. The Republican majority is anti legal immigration in the United States. And I wanna make that very clear. And I yield back Another clip of Democratic Congresswoman Ansari. Mr. Chairman, I'd like to Finish the title of the article that I was trying to read into unanimous consent. Okay. Stunning. Senator Alex Padilla, California was just forcefully removed from the news conference being held by DHS Christie Nome in Westwood. Senator attempted to, I, that's the title. He was handcuffed in the hallway. Yes. Thank you All, Mr. Chairman. For the record, he rushed the, the podium. He was being disruptive and that is not conducive to a, but Senator was forcefully shoved you To the ground and arrested Chair recognized Mr.


Min from California. And then over here you have Christie Nome saying that Alex Padilla was not actually detained and he was not cuffed as soon as he identified himself, which is false. Play this clip them Secretary. Well, he was never arrested. He was never arrested and he, nobody knew who he was When he came into the room creating a scene, he was removed from the room. And yes, they started to put handcuffs on him when he finally identified himself. And then that was stopped. And we then I, he, they said he wants to talk to you. I said, sure, I'd love to sit down and visit. So we, So that's what's happening on Capitol Hill right now. It's a mess.


It is a Trump mess and madness. And let's be clear, it's not a both sides thing, it's these MAGA who are not normal Republicans. Although the Republicans have now become all maga, chaos, destruction, fascism, it's All right there. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.