
Governor Walls just gave a brilliant speech before the American Federation of State, county and Municipal Employees. The speech was given in Los Angeles. Governor Walls, vice President Kamala Harris's VP Pick struck a very different tone than JD Vance. And what Governor Walls said is that if you served in the military, you deserve the gratitude of this nation. Even you, JD Vance here play this clip. Then in 2005, I felt the Call of Duty again. This time of being service to my country in the halls of Congress, my students inspired me to run for that office, and I was proud to make it to Washington. I was a member of the Veterans Affairs Committee and a champion of our men and women in uniform.


I'm gonna say it again, as clearly as I can, I am damn proud of my service to this country, and I firmly believe you should never denigrate another person's service record to anyone brave enough to put on that uniform for our great country, including my opponent. I just have a few simple words. Thank you for your service and sacrifice. But look, Governor Walls then points out that Donald Trump keeps on bragging to his wealthy friends about giving them tax cuts. Play this clip.


That's all you need to know. You don't have to ask twice. We know who they are. A guy who goes to Mar-a-Lago, and this is a direct quote. He sets there and tell his friends, you're rich as hell and we're gonna cut your taxes. I believe him when He says that. But he also turns around and tells workers their wages are too high. I keep bringing this up. Who do you know who's asking to cut taxes on billionaires while stiffing working people? I don't know anybody. And I'll tell you what I think. There's a lot of people think that they're on his side or voting for him, that when you put it to 'em like that, they start thinking things differently.


This Governor Walls talks about the importance of hope, but having a plan play the clip. And I also think you've heard me say this, hope is the most powerful word in the English language. It was so powerful for when my wife and I first had Arch, your first child. We named our daughter Hope, but my wife often reminds me, hope is a great word and a beautiful name, but it's not a damn plan. We can't hope that we defeat Donald Trump. We can't hope that we can collectively bargain. We can't hope we protect social security. We can't hope that we address climate change. You don't hope to win.


You plan, prepare, and work to win. Look at this place. This place is filled with people who like hard work. These are people who get up and enjoy hard work and know How to get it done. So what do you think? A room full of 1.4 million. Ask me members and this room here, how many voters do you think we could turn out in an hour? How many friends can we bring to the polls? We got over 4,000 people in this room.


We won states by less than 10,000 votes in some cases, and I don't know about you and I know it. This is gonna be a close tough race. It is gonna be a tough one. But if each of us does an extra shift, an extra hour, a little bit more, We get to wake up on that morning after the election and know that the work we did transform the lives for millions transformed generations impacted the world. Ask me. That's that's how it happens. That's how it happens. That's a plan.


That's how the hope turns into the reality turns into improved lives. It's just like that. We organize, we donate, we volunteer. Governor Walls then talks about how these magar Republicans keep trying To, get involved and create rules and regulations regarding people's families and take away our freedoms. Mind your own damn business here play the clip. But I wanna be clear, it's your neighbors. It's our friends that have been in this. I'm not talking about them. I'm talking about Trump vans and this group that's around them because some of you in here with no or gray hair like me, can remember when Republicans actually stood for and talked about freedom.


We know they're there. We know those are our relatives, but it turns out that this guy means that freedom should be for the freedom of government to go into your exam room and tell you about your choices. You've heard me say it. This is not hard. In Minnesota, we respect our neighbors and we respect their personal choices. Now, look, it's not difficult. I don't, I might not agree with my neighbor's choices or make the same one, but this country's great because we have a golden rule that makes things work. We mind our own damn business on those things.


We mind our own damn business. Why would you think I need your advice to tell me what books I can and cannot read? Or when to have a family or how to have a family, or what religion to worship or how to organize. You stay in your lane and I'll stay in mine. That's not that difficult.


As a kid, I loved eating cereal, but as an adult, I don't want all that sugar. And most cereals don't get me the protein I need. Then I found Magic Spoon, a Nostalgically Delicious cereal that tastes just like my childhood favorites, but without the sugar and with a ton of protein. And if you're already a Magic Spoon fan like I am, I have big news. Magic Spoon has turned their super popular cereal into high protein treats that are light, crispy and taste just like those classic crunchy cereal bars, magic spoons, brand new treats are so delicious and have already become my favorite. Before and after Gym snack. Every serving of Magic Spoon Cereal has 13 grams of protein, zero grams of sugar, and four grams of net carb. So you can feel good about what you are eating. The most popular flavors are fruity and cocoa, and there's so many more. I love the cocoa ones. Magic spoons. Brand new treats are crispy, crunchy, airy, and an easy way. To get 11 grams of protein on the go, and for the first time ever, magic Spoon treats are available in grocery stores with delicious flavors like marshmallow and chocolate peanut butter, chocolatey peanut butter. I personally love magic spoons, chocolatey peanut butter treats. I have won every morning to starve the day off on the RIF foot, and I know you will love it as well. Get $5 off your next order@magicspoon.com slash midas or look for Magic Spoon in your nearest grocery store. That's magic spoon.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for $5 off Magic spoon. Hold on to the dream Magic spoon.com/midas.


Governor Walls talks about how Donald Trump and JD Vance see the world very differently than we do play this clip state And the union, I keep saying this, I know you know it, but I hope, I think it keeps us focused. We all understand it in here. You've heard me say this, I know I'm preaching to the choir a little bit today, but the choir needs to sing. The choir needs to sing. And, and just so you know, who's not in the choir, Donald Trump and JD Vance, they see the world very differently than we do. The only thing those two guys knows about working people is how to work to take advantage of them.


That's what they know about it. Every single chance they've gotten, they've waged war on workers and their ability to collectively bargain, to take that away from them. Alls we're asking for is better wages, better benefits, better lives and dignity in the work that we do. There's a great bill in Congress should be the easiest vote you've ever taken. The Pro Act, make it easier to form a union and bargain. Allow people to have the freedom and make AdChoices allow 'em to be able to do that. They also oppose the public service freedom to negotiate act, which would require states to bargain with their employees.


Look, Governor Walls then talks about how Vice President, Kamala Harris grew up in a middle class background working at a McDonald's, and He says, can you even imagine Donald Trump trying to work the McFlurry machine? Play the clip? You heard the story. You knew Vice President Harris grew up in a middle class family picked up shifts at that McDonald's as a student. I keep asking this to make a contrast here. Can you simply picture Donald Trump working at a McDonald's trying to make a McFlurry or something? It's Oh, he knows. He knows this. He knows this. He couldn't run that damn flurry McFlurry machine if it tells him anything. So, but Vice President Harris took that work ethic goes to work every single day to make sure families don't just get by, but they get ahead.


She stood on the side of the American workers and she stood up to the billionaires and have fought corporate greed. She led this administration's work to eliminate the barriers to organizing. And let's not forget, she cast the tie breaking vote on the American Rescue Plan to keep public service workers on the job during the pandemic. And Governor Walls talks about how Donald Trump's entire life has been spent screwing over workers. Play the clip when It comes to these. So-called right to work laws that deprive us of the right to be able to form unions fund what we need. Trump has said he supports right to work a hundred percent.


I saw our friend Sean Fein at the UAW had a name for that. He called him a scab. Just to be clear, that's not name calling. It's an observation and fact, just to be clear, so you know, you can tell a lot about people in their personal lives. He spent a decade stiffing service workers in his, from dishwashers, waiters, and carpenters on his own properties to enrich himself as president. He cut overtime benefits for millions of workers, and he opposed any effort to raise the minimum wage. That's all you need to know. You don't have to ask twice. We know who they are. Speaking of which, Donald Trump during his interview with Elon Musk last night, applauded Elon Musk for screwing over workers.


Play this clip, This cutter. I mean, I look at what you do. You walk in, you just say you wanna quit. They go on strike. They, I won't mention the name of the company, but they go on strike and you say, that's okay. You're all gone. You're all gone. So every one of you is gone and you are the greatest. You would be very good. Oh, you would love it. But you know, if you look at Argent And here Governor Wall says, look, I'm a union worker. He goes, I happen to be the first union member on a presidential ticket since Reagan, but I ain't gonna let you down here play this clip. I'm proud to be on this ticketing, working with Vice President Harris, who we all know we want to call the next president of the United States.


Here's, here's a little fact that they just told me. By the way, my week has been very interesting since last Tuesday, as you might guess. But here's a fact. They shared with me as I came here to make this, this opportunity to say thank you. I happen to be the first union member on a presidential ticket since Ronald Reagan, but, but rest assured I won't lose my way. So you take a look at all the things Governor Walls said there. I showed you what Donald Trump said last night. Compare it to Donald Trump saying this here, play this clip.


She's terrible, but she's getting a free ride. I saw a picture of her. Yeah, yeah. On Time Magazine today she looks like the most beautiful actress ever to live. I, it was a drawing and actually, yeah, she looked very much like a great first lady, Melania. She looked, she didn't look. Yeah, she didn't look like Camilla. That's right. But of course she's a beautiful woman, so we'll leave it at that. Right? Or Donald Trump saying this, play the clip. And Again, I told you that crime rates all over the world are going way down, which makes sense. The fact the next time what we'll do is if something happens with this election, which would be a horror show, we'll meet the next time in Venezuela. 'cause it'll be a far safer place to meet than our country.


Okay? So we'll go. You and I will go and we'll have a meeting and dinner in Venezuela because that's what's happening there. It's also worth noting that Donald Trump's stock is down significantly as well. Look at Trump media as Governor Walls is talking about hope in the future. Donald Trump's Trump media is absolutely in free fall. So are Donald Trump's poll numbers. You see it right there. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Have a good one.