
This episode is brought to you by IMS Pet Food. When you choose ims dry dog or cat food, you can see a difference in your pet with your own eyes. Healthy energy in five days, healthy digestion in 10 days, and healthy skin, and coat in just 25 days. Satisfaction for you and them Guaranteed. Or your money back. Feed ims, dry dog or cat food and see a visible difference. Visit ims.com/difference to learn more.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it, Guaranteed Or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock. Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


This is the sound of your ride home with dad after he caught you. Vaping. Awkward, isn't it? Most vapes contain seriously addictive levels of nicotine and disappointment. Know the real cost of vapes brought to you by the FDA.


When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from Idea to Medicine thanks to our intellectual property system or IP For short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at PhRMA dot org slash ip works wonders.


Ryan Reynolds here for Mint Mobile. You know one of the perks about having four kids that you know about is actually getting a direct line to the big man up north. And this year he wants you to know the best gift that you can give someone is the gift of Mint Mobile's Unlimited wireless for $15 a month. Now you don't even need to wrap it. Give it a try At Mint Mobile dot com slash switch $45 Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees, Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes on unlimited Mint Mobile dot com For details.


I wanna show you how President Biden has outmaneuvered Donald Trump in the closing days of the Biden Administration with grace and dignity and a patriotism and love of our country. That's quintessential Biden. So just take a look at this. These are the types of posts that Donald Trump has been making over the past 24 hours. Donald Trump goes, if there's going to be a shutdown of government, let it begin. Now under the Biden administration, not after January 20th, Trump, this is a Biden problem to solve. But if Republicans can help solve it, they will.


Exclamation point. And this says Donald Trump and Trump's boss, Elon Musk scar telling bagger Republicans to kill the continuing resolution as they did earlier in the week, that would have prevented a government shutdown. Donald Trump wants the debt ceiling to be totally abolished so he can enact his project 2025 agenda. Donald Trump creating chaos during the transition to himself. And of course, we know the chaos that Donald Trump caused during the transition to President Biden. Trump is also posting the following. Congress must get rid of or extend out to perhaps 2029, the ridiculous debt ceiling.


Without this, we should never make a deal. Remember, the pressure is on whoever is the president. In other words, blame, blame, blame. In a moment, I'm gonna contrast this to President Biden, but I think it's important to show you the contrast. So hang in there. Don't worry, I'm not showing Trump video or audio. You know, that's my latest policy we've enacted since the election here on my Hot Takes. Trump goes, I told the European Union that they must make up their tremendous deficit with the United States by the large scale purchase of our oil and gas. Otherwise, it is tariffs all the way exclamation point, threatening our allies in Europe with some nebulous blackmail who made this coin.


He posts then he then on his social media platform as well, this is what's being sold. This is what he's profiting off of. 'cause these are ads on his social media site. Get your ivermectin from all Family pharmacy, all family PhRMA dot com, ivermectin hydroxychloroquine, and it's RFK Jr. Pitching Donald Trump's selection to be the health and human service director pitching products like that. Meanwhile, Donald Trump's boss, I think the actual president-elect Elon Musk, is mocking the physical appearance of female Congress members. Turns out that Washington DC swamp creatures are real, and he is mocking Rosa Deloro right there.


And he has spent the morning mocking her because she criticized him. How dare you criticize Elon Musk. So he's out there using his social media platform to mock her physical appearance. So that's Donald Trump. And I've referred to Donald Trump as having the small stick or micro stick policy, which is use the accordion hands, threaten huff andp puff. But when it comes down to it, have no real power. And just being obnoxious. On the other hand, when I interviewed President Biden, I believe that not only did he reflect grace and dignity, but also I think that's what real strength looks like.


We did the interview in the Roosevelt Room of the West Wing of the White House named after FDR and Teddy Roosevelt. Now, Teddy Roosevelt said, as a famous expression, is speak soft, but carry a big stick. It's called the Big stick policy. In other words, a true leader doesn't go and make all of these threats all over the place. Their true leader, dignified is a true statesman, but when it comes down to it exercises real power when necessary. And I think that's what President Biden is. And Biden reflects, and I know that doesn't fit into a nice, cute soundbite for TikTok or whatever, but to me, that's what real leadership is.


So contrast Donald Trump making all of these threats, the bluster on his social media, and contrast that to President Biden here. So when I ask President Biden, Hey, you know, Donald Trump's gonna try to take credit for all of your stuff. What are you gonna do? Watch this response from President Biden. And by the way, you can watch the full interview on our YouTube channel. It is a must see. And sometimes I get asked by you how you can help the Midas Touch Network. If you can share that full interview with 10, 15, 20 people. You know, it helps us so much. And if you could put in the comments that you shared it with 10, 20, 15, however many people you shared it with, let me know in the comments. It goes a long way to help us out and have more people see that video.


Here's what President Biden responded, play this clip. What are you gonna do? When the other guy that was out there bragging about accomplishments under you, the Medicare $2,000 cap, it's gonna kick in in 2025, and he's gonna be out there saying, I did this. How's that gonna make you feel when that happens? Look, if it continues to benefit the Ameri, look, I, I've invested more in red states than in blue states. All these programs we just talked about. And the reason for that was the red states didn't operate very well, and they really hurt their, their, their constituents. So those factories closed. And the like fact is that I represent all of America, not just not just Democrats.


And I think what it's gonna do is gonna bring the country more together than separate it. And for example, you already have folks like Marjorie ERG Green and others saying, don't, don't eliminate the factory after ta after talking about the proposal that we're gonna bill. That was the worst idea of anybody's ever had. She didn't vote for it. So I think there's gonna be a bit of a comeuppance here. But the bottom line is, I'm convinced that over time the American public will respond to what is the intention of the party to try to help ordinary people. And the fundamental change I made, and I made a speech at Brookings Institution about it recently was, and the economy.


The fact is that we had a long time this idea of trickle down economics. Let the wealthy do very, very well. They'll have so much money it'll trickle down on people's kitchen tables and coffee tables and like, and they'll, everyone will benefit. I've never bought that theory. And so what I decided to do was to change it, to build the comedy from the middle out and the bottom up. Well, they still do very well, but the middle class and working class people do much, much better. And that's exactly what's happening. And so I think the long term prospects for the country are very good.


I've been trying to lose some weight lately and get a little healthier. And I'll tell you what's been a key for me. It's called Prolon. And a lot of our viewers say it's changed their life. So forget everything you know about fasting. I want to tell you about Prolon by lra. It's the only patented fasting mimicking diet that combines the benefits of prolonged fasting with science backed nutrition plans. So you can hit your health and weight loss goals without actually having to give up all the food. So introducing Prolon is a revolutionary plant-based program. It nourishes the body while making cells believe they're fasting, research, and develop for decades at the University of Southern California Longevity Institute, by the way, I teach at USC law, it's backed by leading us medical centers. Prolon helps promote healthy blood sugar supports cardiovascular health and it reduces abdominal fat. But Prolon isn't a diet. Prolon is a science science based on Nobel Prize winning discoveries and medicine. It all starts with Prolon five day program snack, soups and beverages. They're all designed to keep your body in a fasting state unlike anything you've ever experienced. I did the five day program, I feel so much better, feel more energy. And the thing is, it's not a diet, it's a science. And it was convenient. They sent me everything I needed all in one box. I followed the directions. It was great. No wonder thousands of doctors are now recommending Prolon to support healthy blood sugar and cardiovascular health. So right now, Prolon is offering the Midas Touch Podcast listeners 15% off their five day nutrition program. So go to Prolon life.com/midas medas, that's P-R-O-L-O-N-L-I-F e.com/midas Prolon life.com/midas for this special offer. Thanks Prolon. That's Prolon life.com/midas. Check it out.


Then I asked President Biden what he wants his legacy to be. And here's what he said. Let's play the clip. When History is all told, how do you want to be remembered? What do you want your legacy to be? I kept my word that when I said I was going to do something, I did. And that my focus has always been about how to give ordinary people a shot. You probably heard me say it before. My dad used say, Joey, a job's about a lot more than the paycheck. It's about your dignity. It's about respect.


It's about being able to look at your kid in the eye and say, honey's gonna be okay and mean it. It's about being able to be yourself and focus on people who need some help. And the vast majority of American people, all they want is a chance. Just a chance. And they'll do fine. You See hope. I do. I'm hopeful. And finally, I'll show you this one clip where I ask President Biden, what do you say to Americans who are nervous right now here at play, this clip? What do you say to Americans who are understandably very nervous right now, who didn't vote for the other guy who are fearful of the threats, the rhetoric, the the idea of retribution.


What do you say to them? Who are looking at you? Who admired your work? And what do you, what do you say to them right now who are Watching? We gotta stay involved. Gotta keep fighting, gotta make clear. We're not going away. We're not going away. I'm not going away. I'm gonna be deeply involved in the environment. We're be deeply involved in foreign policy, deeply involved in all the things I've been involved in before. So take that and contrast that to this NBC report that Trump is unconcerned about government shutdowns because it doesn't matter to him. 'cause he's not in charge yet. Play this clip. I mean, Garrett, you know, you just spoke with President-elect Trump. What did he tell you?


Well, a couple things. He is somewhat unconcerned about the prospect of a shutdown right now if it comes to that, suggesting it would be a shutdown on President Biden's watch, not his. Now judge for yourself what true leadership is. You know, I go watch that full interview with President Biden. I think it will stand the test of time Do. I would love for you to love for you to watch it, check it out, hit subscribe. Now, let's get to 4 million subscribers. We appreciate you as always. Midas mighty, love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


This holiday season. Surprise everyone on your list with the best gifts tickets to see their favorite artists live. Choose from thousands of concerts and comedy shows including Mariah Carey, Mary j Blige, Matt Matthews, Metallica Thomas, Rhett Trans Siberian Orchestra, Sarah Silverman, and so many more. Share a memory together or give a gift they'll never forget. Find the most exciting gift for every fan at Live Nation dot com slash gifts. That's Live Nation dot com slash gifts.