
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com.


Today, President Biden making a major announcement at the White House today. Let's go to the White House. Let's play it. Today I have some good news report from the Middle East. I just spoke with the Prime Minister of Israel and Lebanon. I'm pleased to announce that their governments have accepted the United States proposal and the devastating conflict between Israel and Hezbollah. That's right, president Biden announcing a ceasefire deal has been secured between Israel and Lebanon, again, which would provide for no Hezbollah encampments by the border surrounding Israel.


Let's listen in more on The Deal that President Biden helped secure. Let's play It. And that's why I directed my team to work with the governments of Israel and Lebanon, to forge a ceasefire, to bring a conflict between Israel and Hezbollah to a close under The Deal reach today effective at 4:00 AM Tomorrow local time, the fighting across the Lebanese Israeli border will end. Will end. This is designed to be a permanent cessation of hostilities. What is left of Hezbollah and other terrorist organizations will not be allowed. Well, I emphasize will not be allowed to threaten the security of Israel again.


President Biden is also talking about a multinational push in general right now that he will be leading to try to secure peace in the Middle East. Let's play this clip, And just as the Lebanese people deserve a future of security and prosperity, so do the people of Gaza. They too deserve an end of the fighting and displacement. The people of Gaza have been through hell, their word, their worlds absolutely shattered. Far too many civilians in Gaza have suffered far too much, and Lamas refused for months and months to negotiate a good faith, cease fire and a hostage deal.


And so now Hamas has AdChoices to make their only way out is to release the hostages, including American citizens, which they hold in the process, bringing an end to the fighting, which would make possible a surge of humanitarian leave relief. Over the coming days, the United States will make another push with Turkey, Egypt, Qatar, Israel, and others to achieve a cease fire in Gaza, where the hostage is released and the end of the war without Hamas and power that it becomes possible. As for the broader Middle East region, today's announcement brings us closer to realizing the affirmative agenda that have been pushing forward during my entire presidency.


A vision for the future of the Middle East, where it's at peace and prosperous and integrated across borders. A future where Palestinians have a state of their own, one that fulfills his people's legitimate aspirations, and one that cannot threaten Israel or harbor terrorist groups with backing from Iran. A future where Israelis and Palestinians enjoy equal measures of security. Here, president Biden states that the United States remains committed and prepared to engage in any and all negotiations, to secure historic deals, to normalize relations between Israel and Saudi Arabia, and to establish a Palestinian state play.


This clip, The United States remains prepared to conclude a set of historic deals with Saudi Arabia to include a security PAC and economic assurances together with a credible pathway for establishing a Palestinian state and the full, the full normalization of relations between Saudi Arabia and Israel, the desire they both have. I believe this agenda remains possible, and in my remaining time in office work tireless with advances vision for an integrated, secure, and prosperous region. All of which, all of which strengthens America's natural security.


Getting all this done will require making some hard choices. Israel has been told on the, has been bold on the battlefield. Iran and his proxies have paid a very heavy price. Now, Israel must be bold in turning tactical gains against Iran and his proxies into a coherent strategy that secure Israel's long term. Its long-term safety and advances a broader peace and prosperity in the region. Today's announcement is a critical step in advancing that vision, and so I applaud the crazy decision made by the leaders of Lebanon and Israel to end the violence. It reminds us that peace is possible.


Say that again. Peace is possible. As long as that is the case, I'll not for a single moment, stop working to achieve it. God bless you all. Sorry to keep you waiting so long. May God protect our troops. Thank you.


Let's face it. After night with drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. Hey, I gotta be honest with myself, right? It feels like I have to choose between having a great night or a great next day. That is until I found pre-cool ZBiotics. Pre-Cool. Probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough. Next day. Pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference the next day, for example, after a fun night out with friends at like a local bar or wherever we go, I could still get up the next morning and hit the gym. And I'll admit I was skeptical at first, but I tried it at a dinner party with some friends, and the next morning I felt great, ready to tackle the day, ready to do more videos here at the Midas Touch Network. I kept hearing about pre-cool and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I get the Hype. Plus, with their GMO technology, ZBiotics is continuing to create probiotics that tackle the challenges of modern living. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Code Midas at checkout, ZBiotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you are unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash midas and use that code Midas. It's M-E-I-D-S at checkout for 15% off.


And if you listen closely, you'll hear the media kind of peppering President Biden with questions here about whether he thinks he'll be able to secure a ceasefire in Gaza before leaving office. Let's play this clip. Mr. President, Will you get a ceasefire in Gaza before leaving office? I get a ceasefire frame. How is this pushed any different from the previous ones? No, that report, Mr. President, what Have you told the new administration President's some powerful clips right there. You know, I, I want to just reflect on President Biden continuing to work hard right now to do his job, and he knows that his actions will likely just be used by Donald Trump to try to take credit for them.


I think President Biden knows that Benjamin Netanyahu and other forces in the Middle East would not agree to this deal before the election, since they did not want to hand Biden and Kamala Harris say any win at all, or things that could be perceived as an international relations victory before the election. But you know, president Biden is someone who's always led for the people. He's not someone who's gone around boasting and trying to take credit for everything. He's someone who's just done his job. And I think that's resulted in people blaming him for things that he does not deserve blame for, and taking credit for things that he actually deserves credit for.


Now, here's some of the factors though. I think we need to always remember. You've got Mike Huckabee right here who says that he doesn't even recognize the West Bank as something that exists. Let me show you this clip right here. My feeling personally, And, I'm speaking only as a person. I think Israel would only be acting on the property it already owns. I think Israel has title deed to Judea and Samaria. There are certain words I refuse to use. There is no such thing as a West Bank. It's Judea and Samaria. There's no such thing as a settlement. They're communities, they're neighborhoods. There's cities. There's no such thing as an occupation that they get out of their minds.


That people are living in lean tos and tents and sleeping in cars circled around a tree. They're living in very well designed and beautiful cities and communities. Can't wait to get back. I'm gonna take an extra hat. I'm gonna get it to, to President-elect Trump, build Israel. Great again. Who knows? We may see him wear this out there in one of his rallies somewhere. I don't know. Can't promise that. I can only promise he will get a copy of the hat. Thank you very much. And here's another clip of Mike Huckabee, by the way, he's the ambassador to Israel in the Trump administration.


Here's another clip of him saying that he does not agree with any Palestinian state at all. Here, play this clip. Basically, I mean there really is no such thing as And. I have to be careful in saying this. His people really, there's things of Palestinian, there's and Persians, you don't, you know, there's such complexity within that. There's really no such thing that that's been a political tool to try to force land away for Israel. And so look, I think it is the policy of the Biden administration to support a two-state solution. You know, even if you had people within the Palestinian community and Arab community in, in areas in Michigan, for example, who said, do not vote for Biden and do not vote for Harris.


I think the Biden administration was and is always committed to a two state solution. And I think we're seeing his commitment to continuing to, to, to work hard there. Le let, let me just leave you with this here. This is a clip that our research team found as well about the individual. Donald Trump picked to be Secretary of Defense, Pete hea, who's never commanded a military company, but he's somehow been appointed to lead the defense department here, Pete. He says that Antifa protesters are the exact type of people you want to serve in the military. Here play this clip. When we were seeing all of these Antifa protesters and rioters and everything else, and they're young men, and we thought, if channeled properly, and if they were not taught to hate America, those would be the exact people you'd want signing up to serve.


And I know, when we first talked about it, I kind of bristled at it. Like what? I remember when we first had that conversation. You like, whatcha talking about? And then, and then it's true. And you were like, no, they're, they just have this instinct and this energy to pour in and fight for something. And because they're taught that America is bad, they're fighting for the wrong thing, but what an asset they could be and, and just showing that's the instinct of young men. And that's the instinct of young men. I remember sitting there with a riot shield looking at these guys and being like, wow, I totally disagree with these guys. And, and by the way, there's a lot, they're, they're racist and they're saying these terrible things to my guys, and you read about it in the book, but they have guts. They're pretty brave.


They believe in what they're doing. There's A lot to unpack there, but I don't think that there's a lot of actual synapses connecting in that mind of heif. But that's just me. Anyway, good news to report from Biden. It's good news for the world, not necessarily Biden. It's, it's good news. And when there's good news, we report good news and we'll keep you posted more. Here's sub hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million together. Thanks for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.