
Hey, aren't you that PBM Middleman at your service? Doctor? Don't you get rebates that save money on medicines? Oh, PBMs like me get big rebates. So why do patients tell me they're worried about their costs? No one says we have to share the savings with patients. Congress should make sure medicine savings go directly to patients, not middlemen. Visit PMA dot org slash middleman to learn more paid for by pharma.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be. Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today,


On Christmas, president Biden is reminding the American people of what a dignified and compassionate president looks like. Someone who cares about the people in contrast to Donald Trump. And folks, the contrast could not be more clear Here. President Biden posted this lovely image of a little kitten, one of my favorite Christmas tales. Contrast that to Donald Trump's post Now available. Get trump guitars.com. By the way, Trump was previously hit with a cease and desist letter by the Gibson Company for purportedly taking their design and intellectual property and selling it with his own guitar line, whatever the heck you want to call it.


Donald Trump posts an image of the United States of America flag in the Panama Canal trying to bully Panama into saying, America's gonna conquer it or take back over the Panama Canal. President Biden shaking the hands of firefighters. Notice that Donald Trump doesn't do any of that once the election is over, right? Donald Trump would always do those stunts where he'd like bring pizza boxes to the fire department during the election, but then after would never deliver on the things he said he was going to do. President Biden's been a steady hand and has been constantly on the side.


Workers, firefighters, first responders, unions, the American people, red states and blue states. Remember what President Biden said to me during the interview we did in the Roosevelt Room in the West Wing. By the way, watch it and share it with family members if you haven't. He said, I'm a president for all Americans. And a lot of my policies helped out red states even more than blue states, where the red states had really bad infrastructure. We brought them good infrastructure, we brought them jobs, and I don't care who they voted for. I cared about their Americans. And my job, my duty as the President of the United States is to help him. President Biden goes this holiday season, Jill and I are thinking of the brave first responders and frontline workers who keep our communities and families safe.


Our nation is stronger than ever because of them, and that stands in contrast to the firefighters union in New York who are absolutely pissed that Trump and Republicans stripped funding from the nine 11 Healthcare program and the continuing resolution. Today's episode of F Around and find out, let's play it. We're Calling on the, the administration that's coming in. We're calling on the Senator and Congress, people that have made their promises to honor the honor what everyone has said. To never forget New York City Fire Department unions are calling for the restoration of funding to the James Rogan nine 11 Health and Compensation Act.


After it was left out of Congress's funding on Friday, the act guarantees medical treatment for first responders, firefighters, and survivors who helped with their recovery efforts following the World Trade Center attack. It also provides financial compensation for those who suffered injuries, illnesses, or death. As a result,


My old laundry detergent used to come in these big plastic jugs, and it never lived up to the hype. I know You know what I'm talking about. The laundry wouldn't come out as fresh as it was supposed to, and that became so frustrating. This podcast is sponsored by laundry sauce. Laundry sauce created the world's best smelling laundry detergent in simple to use high performance pods. Laundry sauce has transformed the mundane task of doing laundry into a luxurious and exciting experience so you don't have to dread laundry day anymore. Earlier this week, I just used the Egyptian rose pods and my clothes smell amazing. So what's the secret behind laundry sauce? Well, they partnered with one of the top fragrance houses in the world. The same team behind many of your favorite designer senses. From Australian sandalwood to Egyptian rose to cyber pine with laundry sauce. Laundry day will never smell the same again. Plus, they stripped away all the unnecessary ingredients and artificial dyes and maximized the hardworking science back stain fighters and enzymes to ensure your favorite clothes come out looking brand new. I went from dreading doing laundry to legitimately being excited to do laundry because I know my clothes will come out smelling amazing. I love laundry sauce so much. My favorite scent is that Egyptian rose I mentioned earlier. It's sort of like a rose mixed with some warm nutmeg and clover spice. It's amazing, and I'm not gonna lie, my whole house kind of smells like laundry sauce now, but I'm not complaining and I know it's just me. Check out the reviews on their site. They're some of the funniest reviews you'll ever read and are super authentic. They match my own experience. Exactly. Plus, it's not just the pods that they sell. Laundry sauce makes scent boosters, dryer sheets, drier balls, fabric softeners, and even candles too. Plus, if you aren't happy, send back laundry sauce for a full refund, no questions asked. Elevate your laundry with laundry sauce. Now is the time to experience laundry sauce. Head to laundry sauce.com/midas and use promo code Midas at checkout for 15% off. That's the best offer you'll find, but you must use our code Midas. That's M-E-I-D-A-S for 15% off your order one last time. That's laundry sauce.com/midas promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for 15% off.


Now also in stark contrast to Donald Trump's behavior, president Biden's been releasing videos about how he's helped the American people. I'm not showing you any Trump videos. I've made you that promise. I'm gonna stick by that pro. No Trump videos, no audio. I hear you. We're not gonna show you that, especially not on Christmas, but I do wanna show you not not, I'm not gonna show you Trump. That's not the, but this is a video that Rudy Giuliani released, dressed up as a santa suit with a woman on his lap selling Rudy Giuliani coffee. Why? 'cause Trump's selling Trump guitars. Trump coins. Trump watches. Trump. Trump, Trump, Giuliani, Giuliani.


There's Rudy. This, they're in it for them selves. Watch this. Then we'll show the contrast. Let's play It. Oh, oh, Merry Christmas. What would you like for Christmas, darling? Rudy? Coffee. Not diamonds. Not a necklace. No. Just Rudy Coffee. Give the coffee ones give around the puff he wants. Alright, and now the contrast. Three videos of President Biden. These are lovely videos and it's so important that you watch all three of them because I think it highlights a lot. This first video right here, president Biden talked about how his administration announced that another 55,000 public service workers are approved to have their student debt wiped out.


Meaning nearly 5 million borrowers have received forgiveness, including 1 million public servants. Contrast that to Trump, whose PPP program waived the debt, eliminated the debt of rich people. Biden focused on public sector workers who gave back here, watch this clip. We were forgiven around $70,000 And it was huge. We would've been paying on it after we would've retired from the school systems. He changed our lives. He Changed our lives. After 10 years working in public service and making every single payment on student loans, some Americans could soon see the rest of their school debt completely forgiven. Thank you so much.


We We can do so much because of you. Yeah. What you did. It was easier to, You know, to pay the bills and breathe. Yes. Not as much worry about paycheck to paycheck. Yeah. You know, we're actually able to save money. We're able to save for a new furnace. We're able to fix the roof. Things that are broken down that we never knew if we could ever fix before. If you have to rack up intense bills to get your degree to work in the public sector, there is hope that these huge note loans will be forgiven. You can make a living and it can be okay. You're still making 10 years of payments on this. We paid off more than $70,000. Well, the interest in all that, when you help others, it just is a ripple effect.


Now, in contrast to the Trump guitars, the Trump watches, the Trump coins, the Trump NFTs, all the stupid crap that he sells. President Biden, again, this is after the election, the the election's over. Okay, but what's President Biden talking about? What was he talking to me about? Stuff like this. Thanks to my inflation reduction act, we've made historic progress. Lowering healthcare costs $35 for insulin, $35 for inhalers. A 2000 a year cap on prescription drugs for Medicare recipients and more. Here, watch this. What's your name? Bob. Hey Bob. I'd like to thank you for lowering the cost of my insulin.


It makes a big Difference in mine. God love you. It does. Does it truly does. 2025. Yeah. Nobody will, no senior will ever have to pay more than $2,000 for every single drug they have. That is, You don't know how. I'm paying almost $5,000 a year and I'm on Medicare. It's gonna go down to maximum 2000. That's incredible. Guaranteed. Guaranteed. We love you, Mr. President. I love you. Lovely video. It's a beautiful video. President Biden also posted this video right here. I am proud of the work we have done to make the Affordable Care Act more accessible and more affordable for folks like Phoenix's Grandmother.


Just take a look at this here, play this clip. Hi, how are you? Hi. What's your name? Phoenix. Phoenix. I want you Obama Care Act. I'm 14. I looked at the payment. Nine round of chemo was $7,500. 40 miles of radiation was 14, was $1,200. If it wasn't for you guys, be here. Thank you. I'm here to take care of my grandkids. I want you all to to see that. Another beautiful, lovely video right there. And again, you take a look at President Biden's accomplishments, 12.6% GDP growth, 16.12, 16.2 million jobs created 1.6 million jobs created in construction and manufacturing.


Lowest average unemployment rate. Incomes are up, lowered costs for families. 20 million new business applications. Workers filing for union representation has doubled $1 trillion in private sector manufacturing and clean energy investments have been announced, and a lot of that will happen during Trump's term too. But when I asked President Biden, I said, are you gonna regret when the other guy takes crediting? I said, no, I'm not gonna regret if the American people benefit. That's what I care about most. So in President Biden's final days, as we all sit around the table with our families on Christmas, whatever holiday you celebrate, or if you don't celebrate holidays at all, remember the dignified, humble public servant who worked for the American people?


That's how I view it. In contrast to the bumbling, mumbling fool, as I see it in Donald Trump, threatening Greenland, threatening Panama, threatening Mexico, threatening Canada, bullying this, bullying that. So deranged, so unhinged. Trump made other posts as well. I don't wanna show you. His other posts are just stupid, dangerous. But I'm going after this person. I'm going after that person. The January 6th committee, Stalinist and the shut up. Shut up. Shut up. Seriously, we need to reflect on what dignified, humble public service, leadership service is all about.


Service. Reflect on that this Christmas. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million of this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.