
Historical developments unfolding here in the United States of America with major implications here and abroad. Of course, we all know President Biden has ended his reelection campaign earlier in the day. He posted that letter saying that he has made the decision not to seek reelection. And then shortly thereafter, he endorsed his vice President Kamala Harris in the intervening time period since that took place. And this live and this live, Kamala Harris has raised over 27 and a half million dollars since that endorsement was made.


She's received major endorsements from most governors and leaders in the Democratic Party, and there does seem to be a renewed sense of energy in the air. The Democratic Party also reflecting, I think the country in general, and of course us here on the Midas Judge Network, reflecting on President Biden's accomplishments over the past three and a half years, one of the most accomplished president's perhaps of all time, certainly in modern history. I want to talk about today's developments. What we've been doing today on the Midas Touch Network is we've been very intentional about our programming because with all the information out there, we didn't want to just spend a program just rambling on live about our feelings and our thoughts.


We wanted to stay very data focused. So we've been dropping videos every hour, every 90 minutes with important updates. And then we decided to go live eight Eastern five Pacific here in the States in order for us to provide a comprehensive live update. And no one better at doing that here on the Midas Touch Network than Anthony. Dave is host of Five Minute News, host of the Weekend Show host of number of programs here on the Midas Touch Network. Anthony, let's get your initial thoughts. Well, it's so interesting, isn't it?


Because we, you know, all of us have been very much gunning for, for Joe Biden and Keen to support Joe Biden And. we felt quite aggrieved when all of that backlash happened off the back of the, the debate. And, but it's not just the debate, is it? There have been a few things that have caused concern, And, we only know what goes on behind the scenes. We, we've been very clear to point out Ben that the corporate media has an agenda that we are not aligned with, and that they have really exposed themselves for who they really are. And in this case, it seems that so much of the media has Republican ownership, and so much of the media is keen to see Donald Trump be reelected as, as President.


I, I've made the point that, you know, the stakes are so high that it doesn't really matter who the Democratic candidate is, in my opinion, because this is a, a fight between good and evil. This is a fight between dictatorship and democracy. And so really the who is on the ticket to me is irrelevant. It's about people recognizing that this is a, a juncture in American political history. And I, I trust that the American people will choose democracy and freedom and human rights and civil rights and women's rights, rather than a convicted felon who himself is now the oldest candidate for president in American history. Which is ironic, isn't it? That suddenly that that ma that that, that title has now shifted over to the former guy.


And, you know, with that, we, we have a lot of, we have a lot of work to do. Well, you know, you had a lot of Mago Republicans all saying that they wanted Kamala Harris to run, but they seem to have changed their tune very quickly right now. And it seems to have really caught them off guard. And I think this renewed sense of energy that the candidacy of Kamala Harris's bringing to the table as well. As I mentioned before, over 27 and a half million dollars raised already on ActBlue. I assume by the end of this evening, that number could be as high as 50 60, perhaps even a a hundred million dollars.


You have Donald Trump making post after post completely unhinged. He seems that he's also terrified of debating Vice President Harris I mean, just take a look at some of these posts right here. Trump writes my debate with crooked Joe Biden, the worst president in the history of the United States was slated to be broadcast on fake news, A, b, c, the home of George Slop Opolis sometime in September. Now that Joe has not surprisingly has quit the race. I think the debate with whomever the radical left Democrat choose should be held on Fox News rather than very biased A, B, C, thank you DJT.


So he definitely seemed scared to debate. He also had some other posts that he was making where he said that like, oh, now we have to start over, this whole thing. and he goes, so we're forced to spend time and money on fighting crooked Joe. He pulls badly after having a terrible debate and quits the race. Now we have to start all over again. Shouldn't the Republican party be reimbursed, reimbursed for fraud? And that everybody around Joe, including his doctors in the fake news media, knew he was not capable of running for or being president. Just asking don don't know Anthony. Doesn't it seem, and I'm just asking here, doesn't it seem that the posts though that he's making in that behavior almost takes on a new lens now of, whoa, this is some weird, dangerous crap.


Yeah, and we've always been pointing it out here, but there is this like, Hey everybody, wake up. Okay, did this wake you up? I mean I wish people would've been woken up before, but did this wake you up? The, the main speaker at the Republican National Convention before Donald Trump at the primetime slot was Hulk Hogan who ripped off his shirt and went, oh yeah, the Hoaxster is here. And I'm telling you Americans, that If, you don't vote for Donald Trump. We're coming for you. And look, people's lives are on the line. Women's reproductive rights were overturned when Roe v Wade was overturned.


Project 2025 is coming for your freedoms. And Donald Trump's up there saying, have y'all, have you heard about my friend Hannibal Lecter, the late great Hannibal Lecter and Kim Jong-un Kim Jong-un. He loves me, he loves me. And the corporate media would not focus on that. I was waiting the next day. 'cause we were all watching the Republican National Convention. And not only was Trump's speech the worst in convention history, it was the freaking weirdest as well. I'm like, what is that?


And then to watch the corporate media go, oh, you know, Hulk Hogan gave a really good speech. I'm like, no, he didn't. He ripped off his shirt. What are you talking about? But Isn't the weird thing ever isn't the reason why I think people are beginning to realize that independent media, like this is really the only place To get kind of factual and accurate information without, you know, some kind of overlords dictating. And I always wondered what it must be like for people like Jake Tapper to have to sit there and, you know, play the game on CNN as he did during the debate. You know, with those loaded questions and no pushback. It must be very hard for those news anchors who, who have different opinions to what their bosses are telling them.


But that aside, you know, Donald Trump hasn't changed despite that claim that, oh, maybe he's changed since being almost shot at, you know, he is at heart the same selfish, cantankerous and evil person that he was the day before the shooting. A narcissist does not change their spots just because they, you know, they In fact he probably enjoyed being shot at. And we've heard that audio from that phone call with RFK Junior where he described it like it was something super exciting that he was really jazzed about and, and then goes on stage at the RNC and then tries to do this kind of fake solemn story about I nearly died. And, and I honestly believe that outside of that small mega base that was obviously present at the RNC, people don't buy it.


You know, the American people are much smarter than the corporate media give them credit for. And that's why I genuinely believe that having Kamala Harris at the top of the ticket, if she is to be, of course she has to win the nomination herself at the, at the Democratic National Convention. But, you know, to all intents and purposes, we have some very senior people now lending their support to her. I think Pete Buttigieg just announced that he's backing her as well. This is would be historic to have a, a female, but not just a, a female, but a a person of color and a female combined at the top of the ticket. And And, we should probably address the, the story that, you know, or the, the, the feeling, the sentiment that very much circulates the media and that is that America is not ready for a female, or America is not ready for a woman of color.


And with Pete Buttigieg, you know, as a vice president, which has just been suggested with some polling was done yesterday for that. Now I suggested it might be a fun idea to have a gay man as vice president then that's like double bubble, isn't it? See, it's two things that the Republicans or the MAGA Republicans certainly would squeal at. And yet I believe that the American people are ready for what is considered to be quite a shift in the us not in the rest of the world, you know, the rest of the world. And I should remind you that, you know, the UK had a female prime minister in 1979, and we've had two female leaders since. Why is America so far behind when it comes to inclusivity and diversity?


We should be leading the world over here. And so I do think that there are enough voters who recognize that we are behind and it's time to rise up and go vote for a candidate that is going to break the glass ceiling Ben. Well, we have a corporate media that normalizes the leader of the Republican party, who is a convicted felon, who is found liable for sexual assault, which the judge made clear was rape. Okay? We have in Donald Trump, the media doesn't want to talk about the fact that Donald Trump said Jeffrey Epstein is a good person who likes women on the younger side.


We have Donald Trump on audio bragging about sexually assaulting women, bragging about using his beauty pageants to look at naked girls without their consent at his beauty pageant. You have all of that being normalized. I saw a CNN article over the weekend that basically said, oh, the woman in Donald Trump's private life disagree with the public narrative. It's not a public narrative, it exists. He was found liable for sexual assault. You know, and what former republican congress member Denver Riggleman, you know, said really sticks with me. He goes, he's he's a girl dad. He goes, as a girl dad, how do I explain he's a former Republican, maybe still consider himself a Republican.


He goes, how do I explain to, to my daughter and to granddaughter, how do we explain that the leader of the Republican party was found liable for sexual assault? I mean that in and of itself should be disqualifying. So Anthony, the fact that there is a discussion, oh, should America be okay with the black woman, the Republican? What are we talking about? Of course we should be, okay. What is that even? Why is that even a conversation that even is being raised esp, you know, where you have on the republic and the leaders a convicted felon. And why is it and I mean this sincerely? I think I know the answer, it's rhetorical. But other than a handful of other independent media networks, why is it that some of the most basic things that we're calling out that corporate media won't, it is not okay in the United States of America to have a leader of anything or to even be affiliated with someone who's found liable for rape.


It's gonna be the leader of the Republican party. Like what are we talking about here? And one of the reasons that President Biden though was so selfless is that I think he realized that what he was, he could control what he can control. And I think he knew that he had the support of the base of the Democratic Party, but I think he realized there's nothing that he could do to stop what the media was going to continue to do. Yeah. At the corporate media levels. That's The point I I kept trying to make is that it's actually, it's trial by media in the, in this country. And, and I refer to presidents being made for television, and that's why Donald Trump is a, a natural in debates is because he was only ever made for tv.


He, he was never a real president. He just acted the role of president while he was president and, and just spent most of his time watching television, including watching a riot on television too. So I think you're absolutely right. What we have here is actually a, a, a almost a better situation. And I think that people are feeling very sad. A lot of people have written to me, I know they have written to you too, saying that they feel really sad about this. I've just been texting with a friend and she's been crying all afternoon. But I wanna make the point that this puts the Democrats in a very powerful position because it changes the narrative. It's a pivot, and it means that the media are gonna have to think of something else to say because they can't talk about Joe Biden being old or forgetting words or walking in the wrong direction or freezing.


They can't do that stuff anymore. That's done now. And so they're gonna have to deal with some energized, diverse candidates who absolutely have the ability to whoop Donald Trump. But I I would just also say that Donald Trump is not popular. And and it's unfortunate that because people get their media from the networks that they do, and he's on the front pages, of course, he just got shot, of course he's on the front pages, but he is not popular. He hasn't won anything since 2016. And it's really important to make that point in the midterms. You remember all those candidates that he endorsed, they did not do well. There was not that wave that they were claiming there would be.


And again, we're gonna, we're gonna face that in November. We're gonna discover that Donald Trump might be good for television, but he is not good for voters either. The, the American people know better than to vote for a convicted felon, a rapist, as you say. But somebody also who is riddled with negativity, he's so down on America talking about, you know, America's finished and it's, it's over and I can fix it. And it's like, that's not the experience that regular people are having of the United States. And from the economy perspective, from a jobs perspective, from a Wall Street perspective, and also from a legislation perspective. 'cause Joe Biden got through more incredible legislation than pretty much any president in recent history.


The US is in a very strong position, especially compared to many countries throughout the rest of the world. So, you know, don't beat it while it's in this position. You know, it's, it's, we, we have further decline, but we're already in a good place. Here's a question to ask. Where was your toilet paper when Donald Trump was in office? Where is your 401k right now? Sometimes it's as simple as that. Yeah. I mean by all objective metrics. And I think this was one of the things that was frustrating. Look, life is hard. I'm not saying everything is perfect. I, I get that there are serious issues that need to be addressed. That's why you need leaders.


But I remember when Trump was in office, remember the stock market would go up one day and it would be like, it's a golden age. It's like, okay, that's not the metric number one, but why are we judging the economy by stock market ups, but never the downs with Donald Trump. But now the stock market double what it was when Trump was in office, basically. But President Biden never got credit for that. And so whether you look at every economic criteria, right? If this was, you know, there's the soccer tournaments going on, you know, recently. So If, you were to say by all metrics, America's like number one in the world, the envy of the world because of policies by President Biden, especially relative to all these other countries.


You would think that was a good criteria. But the way this had always been reported, all we heard for the last three and a half years was democracy by Poland. There were never stories about the things that President Biden was doing, whether it was the Pact Act or the Chips Act, or the Infrastructure Act or the Inflation Reduction Act. You never actually heard those stories. You know, maybe where you'd get a jobs report, right? Usually at the end of the month, they'd give you a jobs report at the beginning of a month, you'd get that jobs report. And yes, like there were some accounts that would clip it where they would talk about it just in the morning, but then they'd go right back into the polling cycle over and over again.


And their polls became kind of self-fulfilling or self-defeating prophecies versus reporting on the facts and reporting on the news. And Donald Trump's been so able to play the media like a fiddle, you know, he'd be able to say, look, I'm doing an event in a black church. Look, I'm getting lots of black supporters. And it would actually have to take the Midas Touch Network to be like, whoa, whoa, whoa. Here's a photo of it. It's all white people in the black. I don't think that's the black congregates right there. What in the world? They're wearing maga hats, they're cursing in the church, he's leading curse chance. We're not gonna talk about that, you know? And so we would, you know, show each and every one of these stunts over and over again.


And, you know, and I think that's one of the roles that we have to continue to do here. But I think Anthony, too, what people are gonna start talking about more and have to is, look, Donald Trump is really the one who's in steep mental decline. And, we did a video about it here on the Midas Touch Network. I wanna share this video with you, and then I want To get your reaction to it. Let's Play the clip. And my stupid people, when I wanted to refute it, they said, sir, don't dignify it with a fuddle. Have you been noticing peculiar behavior recently in someone you know, carried By Someone who mixes fiction and reality?


The late great Hannibal Lecter is a wonderful man, perhaps Someone of advanced age, you have known for years. Did you just see Maduro Venezuela, although it's a unbelievable Venezuela, of course we all have our goofs, but consistently odd behavior can be a sign of frontotemporal dementia, a degenerative disease of the frontal and temporal lobes of the brain that dramatically impairs cognitive function. And there are some key signs to look out for, like slurring words. The failing New York Times by Anonom really an an ominous Struggling to find the correct words is another sign.


The Mueller report, I wish covered the oranges, the oranges, the oranges of the investigation. You may also notice someone veering into incoherent ideas detached from reality. You know what I'd do if there was a shark or you get electrocuted. I'll take electrocution every single time. I'm not getting near the shore. Or an inability to complete simple sentences. Saudi Arabia and Russia will repeat to Other notable symptoms, include impaired motor function such as a wavering limb and decreased balance, often accompanied by a signature lie or arched stance.


If, you know, is demonstrating several or all of these symptoms. They are seriously unwell as a matter of safety. They must be relieved of critical responsibilities and disqualified from any position of authority. Remember, frontotemporal dementia is a degenerative disease. Cognitive function will never return and will only deteriorate further. Don't ignore the signs. And I think he's, and with today's news, Anthony, people are not going to be ignoring it anymore. No, but I was gonna say, he's not the guy that's, that's stepping down.


He's the guy that should have stepped down and he, the other guy stepped down. And that's why this is so interesting because Trump remains the candidate and he still has all of those problems. And they're only gonna get worse between now and November, especially as he gets more irate and they're more angry and realizes that now he's gonna have some serious candidates who are gonna really, you know, fi fight him over this. And, and when it comes to debates, Trump doesn't have the ability to win a debate. Now, if, if Kamala Harris or whoever chooses to do a debate, I personally don't think any Democrat should be debating Donald Trump because it only legitimizes him as a, as a candidate rather than keeping him hi in his place as a, as a convicted felon.


But, but I recognize that, that people now need to start to understand that Donald Trump is, is marketing genius. It's all noise. You were talking about these fake events where they have to show photos of a Rod Stewart concert to make it look like there's a big crowd at one of his rallies. It's all fake with him. And, and just because we saw a busy RNC doesn't mean that that is the sentiment, the feeling of Republicans or MAGA Republicans as a whole. I I I maintain. He is not popular. We just need To get over this marketing drive that we've heard for the last eight years. That doesn't seem to go away. It just bangs away at our, at our minds. And people just think that everyone must love Trump because Trump is all we talk about.


And it simply isn't the case. He's a minority candidate. He has views that are so extreme, it will only ever appeal to a minority of voters. And and I really believe that abortion obviously is the, is the major issue. And, and Joe Biden and, and Kamala Harris together, and now Kamala Harris and whoever will 100% be putting that about women's healthcare and women's rights at the very top of their agenda. You take a look at the Republican National Convention audience size, just for example. And I know more people watch it on YouTube and other in other places. So I think you can build in some potential additional audience there.


But think about it like this. John McCain, when he was the Republican nominee in 2008, 38.9 million people tuned in for the Republican National Convention then in 2016, which again is not all that long ago, 32.2 million people tuned in for Donald Trump in 2016, the 2024 Republican National Convention with Hulk Hogan and Amber Rose, the OnlyFans model and crypto person, 20 million viewers. So just think about that, about 47% fewer viewers than John McCain got. And I, and I do wanna give this stat too, 'cause we hear all about polling this, polling that you remember, we actually had primaries.


Remember that, Anthony? Yeah. And there were polls before the primaries, and then we actually get empiric at this quantitative and empirical data from the primaries that they want us to have that kind of men in black wand and pretend like that actually didn't happen. Where we have a data set, okay, look at this. In the, in the Michigan primary Trump's 42 point margin in Michigan fell 15 points short of the polling average by 5 38, the polls were off in Michigan by 15 points more for Donald Trump than what the actual voting behavior was.


That's why democracy by polls, this whole ridiculous exercise over three and a half years has been so frustrating. But then you just look at that and then no one reflects on that. You are 15 points wrong. Yeah. In Michigan, I think they Apologize over in though, in the post, in the post row world. Yes. What we've seen since Roe b Wade's been overturned is that over and over again, they've inflated by a lot the polls, these kind of right winging agendas for actual voting behavior the day of, And the, the, the, the corporate media only really have the polls to go on because they don't get that same connection that we do with our, our viewers and our listeners through comments and, you know, just the connection.


We get a sense of the mood. And, and the corporate media doesn't really have that. They, they, they sit in their ivory towers and come out, you know, they, they read the New York Times, the Washington Post, and then they look at Nate Silver's polls and they're like, well, this is what's happening. And it really isn't, you know? And, and, and people just don't read those newspapers anymore. And certainly the independents and even the undecided and certainly some conservatives who are not Trump people, they are looking for candidates to vote for who represent the, the modern day. You know, Donald Trump represents like 1953, but we are living in 2024. We have a climate crisis.


Notice climate was not mentioned at the RNC. And interestingly, abortion was not mentioned at the RNC either. It was a topic that they kept far from because they know, as you quite rightly say, that it is so divisive, and yet it is going to be at the top of the, of the ticket, the Democratic ticket. So, you know, I I personally am very optimistic about this pivot and about the fact that we now have, you know, we, we've taken out something that was a, a bit of a difficulty, and that was everyone's saying that that 81 Joe Biden is too old. And, you know, yeah, of course he's too old. That's not the point though. The point is that we still have exactly the same message.


You know, the message hasn't changed. You can't pretend that he's 57, you know, he, he, he's not, right? Just look at Wikipedia 81. But Donald Trump is now the oldest guy, also the weirdest guy. You know, the, the, the freakiest weirdest guy with the strangest language use of language, inability to finish sentences, doesn't really know what's going on. He got AI and EV confused last night, and it was embarrassing listening to him talking about batteries, what is it with him and batteries and solar and ai. He's like, he doesn't know what any of it means. And of course, windmills give you cancel. Let's not forget that one. So, so in my view, there is no way that Donald, Trump is a serious candidate.


Unfortunately, the media have legitimized him. We do not legitimize him. We call it out And. we will continue to do so between now and November. You know, when, when we take a look at, for example, like no one watches Star Wars and goes, you know what, like Yoda way too old like Yoda is, do you hear the way Yoda talks? Like, let's make sure that, you know, no I mean, look, with with age comes experience. And with a lot of this, it was just ageism. Like, look, we get it. Like he's gonna walk a little slower, his stutter's more pronounced. We get that. But for three and a half years, there's a track record of some really tough decision making and he's made the right decision.


And then there are times where he didn't act and that was the best decision. What makes Donald Trump so uniquely horrible is that Trump also thinks that he's the best at everything. Yeah. So he substitutes his judgment for the experts. I was with a buddy of mine who I was playing tennis with the weekend. And as we were driving we're like, that person, that person, that person would be better than Donald Trump because they would at the very least listen to experts tell them. And Trump thinks he's smarter than the experts. And Trump's views are based on the most unhinged, deranged conspiracy. So you get things like a miracle Covid is all gonna go away.


I mean, just think about that. Yeah. Could you imagine if former President Obama dealt with Covid the way Donald Trump did? I guarantee you Obama would be serving life in prison for the way that Donald Trump handled Covid. Imagine if Barack Obama's like, well just wanna let you know, you gotta inject yourself with that bleach. Or, or, or Obama goes, look, you know, my ratings, what do you think about the ratings? Everybody pretty good Covid ratings I got here? Or, you know, I imagine if, if that was a, just think about, so why do we normalize these horrific traits that kill us?


Yeah. Like, this isn't some exercise in, so what'd you think about that movie character? Did you, did you think that that WWE cosplay fascist from that horror movie was interesting? This is our actual lives. Well, because it's so mad, it is like a movie. And, and that's the problem because Donald Trump plays it. Like everything is, is a show because he's a showman. He, that's the only way he knows how to be a president, former president or future president. And, and so, and you are right that we have become immune to his idiosyncrasies and his insanity. And you know, we, we should probably mention that George Conway's created a pact to call out Donald Trump's mental health, his malignant narcissism.


The, the fact that he is, you know, to hundreds of mental health professionals have said that he is unfit for office. Again, that's something the corporate media refuses to talk about. We obviously talk about it here. And on the Weekend Show, we've interviewed Bandi Lee, who is obviously was the first to expose this along with, you know, she wrote a book with 37 other mental health professionals. And also Dr. John Gartner, who has his own brilliant podcast, shrinking Trump and If. you see my interview with him from a couple of weeks ago. He, he talks about Donald Trump being a sadist as well as a narcissist. And somebody who kind of gets off on the weirdest stuff, probably got off on the death of hundreds of thousands of people during, during covid.


You know, he has no emotions. And so I think we do need to start talking more seriously about Donald Trump's mental health being a threat to democracy in addition to his desire to be an authoritarian. The fact that he holds these dictators up as examples of what the US should be like. Victor Orban, he was rubbing shoulders with the other day and had a meeting with, he talks about Xi Jinping like, you know, he, the way he rules people. You can't deny that. That's great. It's like, really? Have you checked his human rights record? And the same with Kim Jong and of course his boyfriend Vladimir Putin. So, you know, that is who Donald Trump wants to be.


That's what he represents. I don't think people will vote for that. And, and just because he's Donald Trump, the showman, the PT Barnum, the guy who tells us that he's great. 'cause no one has said he's great. He just tells us that he's great. That, that, that we are not stupid enough to fall for that. He thinks everyone is as dumb as he is. That's not the case in America. Well, I mean he's managed to capture though an entire political party, the Republican party, which is, they're no longer conservative. You know, there are so many mainstream conservatives and, and former Republicans who have left the party because the party has left them.


They look at this stuff with the Hulk Hogan and the Amber Rose and CIO blow the MAGA rapper. And they, and they look at these people and they're like, wait, what is this like, like, wait a minute. You are, you are like saying Kim Jong-un is great and you're praising Vladimir Putin. Like, what? Huh? We, you, what institutions are you even conserving? And put it this way, you know, Donald Trump has said over and over again that he wants to be a dictator on day one. And then sometimes he says, I'll be a dictator just for one day, which is not the way dictatorships work usually.


You get it, then you stay a dictator. Again, it's, and then the kind of maga people, You know, the Maga people then defend it and go, oh, he's just joking. Or just for one day. When did that become a funny thing in our politics for the leader of a political party to joke about dictatorships given the history of mankind? And just think about the fact that corporate media doesn't report on that I mean as someone who says he wants to be a dictator on day one. This is someone who says he's going to pull America out of nato. He does selfie videos of himself. He's posted over 2000 Q Anon memes.


Yeah. On social media. I've always said before, if President Biden posted one Q Anon it, wouldn't it be the debate that makes me not support Biden? It would be a Q Anon meme. Okay. If President Biden did a Q Anon meme, one of 'em, I would be, alright, I'm, I'm, I'm out, I'm out. I don't know what this is. Donald Trump has done 2000 Q Anon memes and no one reports. That's an actual death cult that says Trump will hold public executions. That's the storm is coming. He posts that stuff over and over again. He's changed the lyrics of the national anthem. He's changed it to the J sixth Choir song.


But maybe Ben, here's a hypothesis, right? Maybe you just answered your own question, right? Maybe the fact that he can do this stuff and people don't question it, and the, and the mainstream media are not jumping on it, it's because he's not a legitimate candidate. He's not a serious political candidate. He's a, he's a, he's a joke. You know, in England we have a party, a small political party called the Monster Raving Loony Party. Seriously. And it's was an old guy with a big hat and a kind of pearly jacket on, and he was always there and he always won two or three votes. and he was always on the stage when they handed the, you know, the, the, the, the person won the, won the local election. And that's how I feel about Donald Trump.


He's, he's the monster raving loony of, of American politics. He's not serious, as I say, he hasn't won anything. And so therefore, the fact that he, you know, all of this crazy stuff that he does is being ignored. Maybe the reason it's being ignored is because nobody in their right mind would vote for him. Now, of course, the Maga cult is the cult, right? They are very much in the cult of Trump. They worship him, they cry when he's telling the story about him almost dying. They wear the stuff, the merchandise they wear the the sanitary towel on their ear and all that stuff. But those people, you can't change. They're, they're too far up his rabbit hole as, as we say, but everybody else.


And there's a huge amount of people that are either undecided or independent voters or former Republicans. There's so many people, I, I have relation who's a former, you know, Republican, not a MAGA Republican. He said, I cannot vote for Donald Trump. So I, you know, I, I can vote for the Democratic ticket as long as it's not too, you know, extreme. And I said, but there's nothing that is extreme about liberalism. There. A whole world is liberal. You know, it's only here in this country that people think that that to, to put solar panels on your roof is, is an extreme position. So Anthony, you've done the take, you know, from where, where you grew up in the uk that yeah, the Democratic Party would actually be a center right party.


That's right. I think you've said in the uk Yeah. Yeah. It's, it, it's so different. And you know, we've just thrown out a conservative government after 14 years, but they still advocated for universal healthcare. They still advocated for the welfare state that they still advocated for women getting access to, to healthcare and, and women's rights. All this stuff that we are having to battle with here in the US is not because the country as a whole wants abortion to be banned. It's because like six old white men want abortion to be banned and they have good connections. And so that's when we have to start looking at the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation and these, these think tanks and these lobby groups who are pushing the Supreme Court justices.


That is how these things come about. It's not because the majority has voted in a referendum to reverse Roe versus Wade. And so, you know, that is why I still maintain that Donald Trump when it comes to voters. 'cause of course, as voters, we don't get a chance very often to actually go into a polling place. You know, some countries, they will do it every, every two weeks. You'll have to go and vote on a policy and everyone's expected to do it, you know, in a, in a true democracy, go, go to go to Iceland, go to Germany, just see how they do these things. It's so different. And yet here we, we, we are in a system that is controlled by these, the, the, the elite and, and the elite, Clarence Thomas Samuel Alito, we have those three MAGA judges that, you know, when he, when he packed the court, you know, they are the people who have been supposedly representing America and failing.


So I think you're right. This is all gonna come but down to the abortion issue, this is gonna come down to America wanting to save its own democracy. But we do need a big turnout. Maybe we should talk about that because, you know, the electoral college is stacked in favor of Republicans in, in many ways we need a significant turnout, what was it last time? 63% or something embarrassing. You know, we, we need everybody to recognize that just because Joe Biden has stepped down from this race, it doesn't mean that your vote won't count. You know, and I think again, it is important to reflect on what President Biden did.


And perhaps now that he's saying he's not running for reelection, we can look at the objective data surrounding where the economy is. Look, I think we're gonna have interest rate cuts in September as inflation has been brought to the Fed target a month over month, which I think, and, and that didn't come out of nowhere, right? There's the Inflation Reduction Act and there's the Infrastructure Act, you know, and so these policies have touched people's lives. And I think as people were watching this coverage by the corporate media that was treating this Anthony as a game, there were millions of Americans whose lives have been positively impacted by Biden and negatively impacted by Trump, who really know the stakes, because those stakes impact their families and their neighborhoods and communities and this country in, in general.


So when the media would be like, you know, oh, well, president Biden did this at the debate. And people are like, yeah, but here are a list of all of his policies that have been very, very, very helpful. So in terms of turnout, let's talk about the potential VP pick, right? Because I think that's one of the factors that Kamala Harris is gonna have to factor in, which is who can help drive turnout. And specifically in swing states, you know, Donald Trump's pick of JD Vance, other than maybe Putin's Pick and maybe Peter Thiel's pick, didn't really check any boxes, right? He's from Ohio, which is not really a, a swing state anymore.


I mean, JD Vance outside of MAGA isn't a likable figure. It Doesn't grow the vote at all for Donald Trump. It just satisfies the MAGA base. It probably satisfies a few people who are pulling Donald Trump's strings. But you know, it, it really doesn't, doesn't grow the, you know, Mike Pence reached out to the evangelicals. And so that was what he, he he was useful in that way. And then, and then useful on January 6th for, for not overturning the Election, but you're right, JD Vance is, is to all intents and purposes, Donald Trump in a, in a different, you know, in different form. And arguably some people say that, that that JD Vance is far more extreme than Donald Trump.


And, and what I would say to that is that Donald Trump doesn't really bel believe anything. He doesn't really have an opinion on anything. He's a, he's a populist, he'll say anything, To get elected. Whereas JD Vance does have an opinion, albeit it has changed in the, in the last five or six years since Donald Trump showed up and he hated him, thought he was an idiot, and called record him Hitler. And now obviously he, he, he's, you know, brown-nosing as, as much as he can. But I do think that Jaylee Vance has some extreme kind of far right Christian nationalist views. He's very much connected with Project 2025 and this movement to deconstruct the administrative state and rebuild it in Donald Trump or JD Vance's image that is a very dangerous prospect.


And, and so we now know what those two have to offer. You know, that there is, there is no secret behind what you get If, you vote Trump Vance. Whereas the Democrats have it all to play for, and that's why I think the choice I mean, I was talking about Pete Buttigieg as a, as an option. I, I worry he didn't really poll very well previously when he, when he didn't, he try to, you know, get the Democratic nominee nomination. And, and, and he was out pretty early on. But he is a brilliant, most eloquent, highly intelligent and very entertaining individual. And maybe too edu entertaining to be vice president.


You know, you need somebody who's a little muted, I think, but I'll give you the top four people are discussing. Go On then let's hear it. Arizona Senator, Mark Kelly, Kentucky Governor Andy Beshear, North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper, Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro. Just because they're not on this list doesn't mean that they're not being considered, but based on demographics, location being very popular in swing states, that's why those individuals, you know, are on that short list. You know what I, I'm gonna read some of the comments right now in our chat to see what the Midas mighty think about that.


But, you know, I think any of them would actually be, you know, would be a great pick and, and truly additive and also showing this kind of next generation of, of leadership that, you know, a, a again, I mean we're not really even talking Anthony so much about politics and policy in the sense of this is like democracies on the line. And this is, you know, 'cause as you said, Donald Trump doesn't stand for kind of anything other than to try to take down our democracy. I mean. So you got democracy on the line, you've got character on the line, and you've got, you know, these four people who are very accomplished people who have done great things for their state.


And you contrast it with Donald Trump's just dystopian vision for, for the country. And you know, I, I think, I think one of the driving factors when I always talk to people as well is, you know, again, this MAGA party is not conservative. They are just maggots. Why? When people say, oh, conservative and liberal, I go, that's an old paradigm at this point. At this point, Democrats are both liberal, kind of independent and conservative in the sense that the Democratic party is still about conserving our institutions. Where MAGA is really just tearing down these institutions and putting in its place like a Trump Putin style dictatorship, just read Project 2025.


That's what, that's what they want to create. But I think any of those four people will defend this new paradigm of the Democratic party that's been evolving under President Biden. There, there is a, a demo, a demographic issue obviously that, you know, people often because the US being a little bit behind in terms of, you know, whether, you know race and, and culture and everything that goes with that, it's probably likely to be a white male that will stand next to Kamala Harris. We should probably not fail to mention Kamala Harris's her ability in this moment, because I personally believe that she has really risen to the occasion.


I think that as a vice president, which is one of the hardest jobs in the world, If, you think about it, you know, you've gotta be there, but you can't be too good. You can't upstage the star. And people often said to me, well, why is it that Kamala Harris is, you know, we never see her out and about doing stuff. And I say, well, she is, the media doesn't cover it. But she's also tied to the Senate where she has the deciding vote. And there have been, you know, countless, I think more times has Kamala Harris had to have the deciding vote in, in the Senate because it's been a 50 50 split the than any vice president in, in history. And so, you know, for that reason, we, we need to recognize her skill, not just as a vice president, but as a former prosecutor.


The fact that she as a woman of color has been able to climb the ranks in a country that is intrinsically racist when it comes to leadership. And she has managed to break through that glass ceiling, To, get to this place. I think that we should be celebrating her And. we should not forget how hard it has been for her to tread this path. So, you know, that is my, my feeling is that while some people are very disappointed about Joe Biden, let's not forget who he has left for us, and that is Kamala Harris. And that's why if they passed over Kamala Harris, I understand why people would just be absolutely livid.


And, and, and, and I, and I, I get that, but in Vice President Harris, I truly don't feel that any of the kind of primary process has been nullified. She's an extension of President Biden's policies, If you like all of the thing that President Biden does, I mean Vice President Harris was there shoulder to shoulder with each and every one of those policies, and you voted for that ticket of Biden and Harris. And look, I, I had to, when I heard the news, and for those who watched the first video that I did, you know, I was, I was pretty emotional on the first video, which I perhaps on corporate media don't see, you know, the newscasters actually gonna mo I i i was, I was sad because of the policies and principles that President Biden embodied less about like a personality thing.


Like it was, I thought that what he did, no matter whether you were from a red state or a blue state, has actually led to significant benefits. So it saddened me that when someone did the job in a non flashy way, but actually did the job the right way, that that would be rejected. Like in the way it was by, not by we the people, but by elites and corporate media. So it's, it saddened me. So my initial response was to be, you know, was to be sad. But then, you know, I, I took a walk around my block and I reflected on it, you know, and I recognized what you just said, Anthony, which is that Vice President Harris is someone who was the attorney general of California and accomplished attorney general and accomplished senator and accomplished vice president who, if anything were ever to happen to President Biden while he was in office, I would be proud to call her the president.


And right now I'm proud to have her be representative of a pro-democracy movement. And then I started getting excited about it. So you, you probably see a tonal shift in my videos because, you know, the more I started thinking about it and reflecting on it, you know, I recognized, yeah, it's, it's okay to be sad and upset, you know, and, and I'm gonna show emotion sometimes, you know, when I'm doing these lives or when I'm doing these videos. But then I was like, you know what, this is actually, this is actually gonna be great. And what President Biden did was actually incredibly selfless and one of the most important moves, perhaps, of his presidency, even though he was bullied out, even though we, we all feel like we were, I think, kind of tip of the spear in our reporting, If you will, of calling out that behavior every step of the way.


There's no excuses you can make for that behavior, you know, I think. But I think all in all, we're actually in a very strong position and if we take a step back and reflect on that, democracy is on the line here, now is not the time to be like, you know, If, you were upset that other people were being petty and disingenuous. What we have to do to counter that is just get motivated to support our democracy, and then we can deal with, we can deal with that when our democracy sake. But Ben, this also proves something. It proves that Democrats are not in a cult because if we were in a cult, we would be so devastated that Joe Biden had made this decision that we wouldn't be able to move forward.


You know? And, and this is the thing we've seen with cults and cult leaders in, in history, is that, you know, once the, you take the leader away, the cult disappears. Donald Trump is not able to step down from that, from that cult because, you know, he is, he has sabotaged the Republican party, the traditional conservatives dunno where to vote now. So he really is the, the king of that castle. And, and he's 76, he's, or is he 7 0 78. He is a guy who is obviously quite unwell, both physically and mentally, and has sign, you know, clear signs of, of dementia, which is not something that, that Joe Biden presented.


And so, you know, he as a cult leader is in a, is in a predicament because who knows if he could do four years without becoming more unhinged and more, more crazy. So the proof now is that Democrats are coming to terms with this and have the ability to go, okay, let's make the best of this situation. And that's not something that Republicans will be able to do if anything happened to Donald Trump. You know, I wanna share these videos with you as well because I think this is stuff we need to be reflective of and focus on as well. Here's another video we prepared at the Midas Touch Network. This is for all of the stuff that the media was saying about President Biden.


What we wanted to point out is that you realize that in every one of these speeches, Donald Trump messes the names up and confuses people and does it over and over again. You know, and the corporate media never made that into, you know, a story, which by the way is why I think the Midas Touch networks grow into, you know, close to 3 million subscribers. Let me show you the video that we prepared here and then I wanna show you, Steven Miller was just on Fox moments ago. They're having a total meltdown in maga. But first, let me show you the Trump video we prepared, let's play it. I think you should take a cognitive test like I did. I took a cognitive test and I aced it.


Doc Ronnie, doc Ronnie Johnson. Does everyone know Ronnie Johnson, Congressman from Texas? He was the White House doctor. How good did Elise step in that game? You know, we've endorsed Dr. Oz, we've endorsed jp, right? JD Mandel, and he's doing great. Jimmy Connors is the Jimmy and Jimmy Connors is good. He's also happy. Mike Bolton. John Bolton is here. Mike Bolton, as you know, is in Russia. And there was progress today. I look forward to solving it. Thank you Steve. It was Trump's fault. It's always Trump's fault. Can it ever be like Rick Gates's fault? I mean it's always Trump's fault, Rick, by the way, they never report the crowd on January 6th.


You know, Nikki Haley, Nikki Haley, Nikki Haley, you know, they did, you know, they destroyed all of the information, all of the evidence, everything deleted and destroyed all of it. All of it. Because of lots of things. Like Nikki Haley is in charge of security. We offered her 10,000 people And. we have some of our great business leaders and leaders, period right behind me. I may ask Marilyn Lockheed, we appreciate it very much. Tim Apple, yes please, Mr. Kurt, thank you Very much for your time. You know, it was interesting. Joe Biden won against Barack Hussein Obama. Has anyone ever heard of him arrest their leading political opponent leading by a lot, including Obama?


I'll tell you what, you take a look at Obama and take a look at some of the things that he's done and Putin, you know, has so little respect for Obama that he's starting to throw around the nuclear war. You've heard that nuclear. Thanks for giving your first comments on the bill on this show. Means a lot to us. We appreciate it sir. Thanks a lot. You have a Jill. Thanks a lot. Bye. Joe Bright. This guy is just the worst. So will Christian ever run for president against you? And you heard the Prime Minister, you heard bet. May we have Matt Blum speak next because he's been so incredible in so many ways. He fights so hard. He loves his state, he loves the people. A new think of it, a new branch of the United States military, United States, armed forces called Air Force.


I never talked about that. That's something we never talked about, but what we just saw, we just left. Pleasure. Yeah, very big. Hello to a place where we've done very well. Sioux Falls. Thank you very much. Sioux Falls, thank you. So Sioux City, let me ask you and the worst president in the history of our country who is cognitively impaired. We would be in World War ii very quickly. The worst president in the history of our country will be a fading nightmare. He'll be a fading.


I have fading memory. We're gonna keep producing videos like that here on the Midas Touch Network. I wanna give a thanks to everybody out there. You know, we don't have any shareholders at the Midas Touch Network. You know, it is just fully operated just by me and my two younger brothers. And more people watch the Midas Touch Network on digital now than CNN Fox and M-S-N-B-C on. And everything's going to digital. And that's thanks to you. We don't have outside investors. And so the way we build this is through our Patreon. So that's patreon.com/midas touch.


I think it's so important that we keep growing this media platform. patreon.com/midas Touch. And Anthony, you have an episode of the Weekend Show, which is gonna air after this. So for those who are in this room, you'll automatically be moved to the Weekend Show. And you have Tom Arnold as a guest, which is pretty cool. What are you guys talking about? Well, interestingly, we, we recorded this last Friday, the day before Donald Trump was shot at. And so we, we decided not to show it last weekend for obvious reasons. Today, of course we get the news that that President Joe Biden is choosing not to run for reelection.


So I want you to Watch this episode of the Weekend Show with bearing those two things in mind. But Tom Arnold, of course, was married to Roseanne Barr, who has now become a bit of a mascot of MAGA Republicanism. And she is certainly an interesting character. So he kind of talks about her and how people change, how some people have been radicalized by the MAGA Republicans and the Donald Trump movement, but also what we can do to try and bring people back from the brink. And I think that's really, really important that, you know, we, we don't just criticize people, you know, everybody is welcome to come back to the, to the good side of the force, and including Rosen Barr, I assume, although it might, might be a bit too late for her.


So that's the Weekend Show straight after this broadcast here on the Midas Touch Network. I want everybody to make sure right now you are subscribed to the Midas Touch YouTube channel that you're watching. You may think you are subscribed just because you get lots of touch videos, but you may not actually be subscribed, which make sure that our videos and our lives go right on your homepage on YouTube. So just check that, subscribe button and, and hit it. Now, one of the other ways you can contribute to this network, and as I always say, it may not be the greatest business model to build a network on emojis versus outside investors, but we're doing all right with with that way.


So separate from our Patreon, that dollar sign button at the bottom of the YouTube lets you get the access to our emojis and YouTube memberships. That's different than our, our Patreon. So you can click that and you can actually gift other people memberships as well. So do that. Make sure you're subscribed to both the Midas Touch and the Weekend Show wherever you get audio podcasts. So not just on YouTube, just search Midas Touch podcast, hit subscribe, and you'll get a lot of our hot takes that we do in addition to our Midas Touch shows. Just go to the Midas Touch podcast wherever audio podcasts are available.


Same thing with the Weekend Show, and as I mentioned, patreon.com/midas touch as well. Anthony, anything else you wanna plug before we go? I'd like to plug Uncovered, which is the show I do on Wednesdays with what Ron Philip Kowski, who is the editor in editor in chief of Midas touch.com or Midas News. You can find it all there as well. So check that out. Ron and I, we deconstruct the MAGA propaganda, and that's a very entertaining hour every Wednesday. I wanna thank all of the Midas Mighty and everybody watching this because this isn't just a network, this is a pro-democracy community.


And even though you know, I don't know everybody out there, there's, you know, millions of people who Watch this. I, I I feel a, a a a broad and and deep connection and responsibility to this community every single day. Some days, you know, I can't say it will always be perfect here, but I promise you, we are working around the clock with an incredible team here who I wanna thank everybody from Anthony to all of other hosts, to all of our editors and our producers and the whole team here who make these productions possible. Over the past few weeks, obviously there's been a lot of breaking news, a lot of sleepless nights here, bringing you this coverage.


I wanna thank them. I just want to thank the mightest mighty and this community out here. Thank you so much for everything you do for our democracy. This movement that you created, I think is one of the most powerful forces in the pro-democracy community, period. Full stop. And that's because you don't just watch these, you share and you tell friends, family members, coworkers, colleagues, neighbors, you know about this network. I can just tell you from the bottom of my heart, when, when I feel down and, and you know, and, and when I feel sad, when I I, I think about all of you and all of your efforts and your dedication and your door knocking and your letter writing, and the hard work that you do every single day.


I'm honored and messenger of these messages channeling what this community is feeling. But none of this is possible without you. And I wanna let you know that I feel more confident than ever right now in the protection of our democracy. I feel confident that Donald Trump is going to lose, and I feel confident democracy is going to prevail because I have a great degree of confidence in you, the Midas mighty in this community. We're gonna keep growing this together. So if you're disenchanted by the corporate media, guess what?


You are part of a community that's rebuilding the media the way you've always wanted it. That's what this is about. So thank you all so much. I love you all. I am so grateful for you all on behalf of all of our hosts, thank you, thank you, thank you. We are in this together.