
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless. How to get 30 30 bid? Get 30 bid to get 20. 2020. Bid. To get 2020. Maybe get 1515. 1515. Just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees extracts beats lower above 40 gigabytes of detail.


Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc license 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC In its Southern Markets, terms and conditions apply.


The business community is sick and tired of Donald Trump and his ilk, and they are letting their voices be heard. Before the election, they formed an organization called Business Leaders for Vice President Kamala Harris. And they've been sharing their stories. And you know, you think about what Donald Trump and his surrogates are even saying and doing right before the election. It tells you everything. I'm gonna share with you some of the stories from these business owners who are going public and letting other business owners know that you gotta vote for Vice President Kamala Harris. But just take a look at what went down on Friday where you had maga Mike Johnson take a trip in New York to one of the kind of swing congressional districts there in an area that has massive amounts of jobs as a result of the CHIPS Act, which was spearheaded by President Biden, which has created tens of thousands, potentially hundreds of thousands of jobs, not just in New York, but in swing states across the country.


People are being put back to work. Who lost their jobs when Trump was in office? So maga, Mike Johnson's asked this question by Luke Rayel. He's from Citrus News. Great questions By Luke, I mean he's a reporter from the Syracuse University News Network and take a listen to what Mag and Mike says, here he goes. He will get rid of the chips Act on day one and recall, he previously said that he was gonna get rid of the Affordable Care Act. On day one, he says he's talking with Donald Trump about this stuff to get rid of it. Here, play this clip. A former President has said that he doesn't support the Chips and Science Act. You voted against it. If you have a Republican majority in Congress and Trump in the White House, will you guys try to repeal that law? I expect that we probably will, but we haven't developed that part of the agenda yet.


We gotta get over the election first. And that's Why that's terrible for business. I mean, who comes up with these strange, unhinged ideas to literally what gut our economy? I wanna show you this too, 'cause business leaders are taking note. Who are some of the top generals? Who were mostly all of the top generals who surrounded Donald Trump, John Kelly, mark Mille, James Mattis, HR McMaster, mark Esper, Daniel McChrystal, Mike Mullen, James Star, us. Take a look at these people, general of the Marines, general of the Army, general Marines, Lieutenant General Army, Lieutenant Colonel, army, general Army, Admiral Navy, Admiral Navy. Just take a screenshot of this, if you will.


It's each of these people saying, Donald Trump is a fascist. He is a horrible leader, he is dangerous. These are people, these are as serious people as you get, take a screenshot of that right now, and I want you to send it to any undecided voter that you know, say, this is Donald Trump's own generals in their own word. But let's take a look at what some of these entrepreneurs and business owners, small business owners, medium sized business owners, large business owners, CEOs, let's see what they have to say. I'm gonna share with you some of these incredible stories. Pass this message along as well. This is Jackie. She's an entrepreneur for Michigan, and she voted for Donald Trump twice before. Here's what she has to say. Play the clip. I'm a two-time Trump voter, and I am voting for Harris.


I am a business owner. A second Trump presidency would be harmful for the country and our economy because he doesn't get us. He does not understand the small business. Now here is David Tron. Here's what he has to say about Donald Trump's disastrous economic plans and take a listen to the business that he runs, Play the clip. My name is David Tron. My company's name is Total Wine and War. We operate all across the United States in 30 states with 12,000 team members. I started my company in 1984 with a small store in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania on a shoes string. We built our check stands out of two by fours and painted them yellow.


We built our beer cooler. We didn't have any capital, we had nothing to start with. Vice President Harris's support for small businesses, her programs of loans up to $50,000. I mean, I can only think of what I could have done with that. And that's what these loans are about. It's investing in ideas because business is always an idea. One man, one woman had an idea that was better than the rest, and that's how you create jobs. And if I'd have had that capital, then it could have made my life so much better because we could have grown our business so much faster. I mean, what Donald Trump has proposed on tariffs and my company, total Wine and more, we buy wine from 40 countries all over the world that we sell in our stores.


And when he puts a 20%, 30% tariff on those products, that means your tequila, your scotch, your Irish whiskey, your wines, your New Zealand Sauvignon, Blancs, all of those are gonna cost 20 to 30% more. That is just bad, dumb and dumb. iss a generous word, dumb policy. Tariffs are nothing more than a sales tax. I talk to developers everywhere and I always ask, did you ever work with a deal with Donald Trump? And every single developer to a person says the same thing. I would never deal with Donald Trump. He's a crook. He doesn't follow up on his word, and it's all about Donald Trump.


And when we think about who's gonna be best for business, who's gonna drive business in our country, there's just simply one choice. And that is Vice President Kamala Harris. Here's Chris. He's a farmer from Ohio. Here's what he has to Say with his project 2025, putting his loyalist in right into our county, USDA offices, putting folks in there that don't know anything about agriculture, but they only know loyalty to Trump. That's not what we need. I'm a farmer. I've voted for Trump in 2016. I'll be voting for Kamala Harris in 2024. The contrast between former President Trump and Kamala Harris couldn't be more stark.


What we get with Trump is more chaos in the business environment, more uncertainty, more risk for me as a farmer. I retired from the United States Department of Agriculture after 30 years, administering federal farm programs to farmers. I understand the rule of law. I understand policy and procedure, and I understand the importance of our institutions and how important they are to me and all of farmers across the United States. Trump is proposing to blow that completely up with his project 2025, whether it's putting his loyalist in with a Schedule F appointment, his loyalist right into our county offices, right into our county USDA offices, putting folks in there that don't know anything about agriculture, but they only know loyalty to Trump.


That's not what we need. What we need is the proposal by Kamala Harris for stability, for raising all boats for opportunity zones and for predictability in our business environment right here in American agriculture.


Alright, are you ready for this fact? Traditional bedsheets can harbor more bacteria than a toilet seat. It can lead to acne, allergies and stuffy noses. It's just gross. Miracle made, however, offers a whole line of self-cleaning, antibacterial bedding, such as sheets, pillowcases, and comforters that prevent up to 99.7% of bacteria growth and require up to three times less laundry. It's why I use Miracle made in my bedding using silver infused fabrics inspired by nasa. Miracle made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get a better sleep every single night. It's why I love Miracle Sheets. Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands and feel as nice, if not nicer than sheets used by some five star hotels. So go to try miracle.com/midas, try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save up to 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed by a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE, TOWEL, SET and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you, miracle made for sponsoring this episode.


Here's one of the things too. Donald Trump's trade war with China absolutely gutted and hurt farmers a lot. It helped huge, huge conglomerates, but screwed smaller businesses and medium sized businesses as well. It's, it's not a shock role though. This poll may come as a shock to you. Donald Trump is, is only leading vice president Kam Laris in Ohio, where you just saw Chris, that farm owner from Ohio. Donald Trump's only up three in one of the best Ohio polls right here, only up three. That's within the margin of error. And here's a message to all the business owners out there as a leader, if you did this to persons with disability, if you mocked persons with disability like that, or, let me ask you this.


If in your company you had an employee or just someone in your social club who treated disabled people like this who mocked 'em like this, what would you do? Would you fire 'em? Would you get rid of them? Would you put your arm around them and promote them to be your boss? Right? Because that's kind of what's at stake here, not kind of, that is what's at stake here. Let me share this with you right here. This is Ken Frazier, he's the chairman of Health Assurance Initiatives. Take a listen, play this clip. The way that I would characterize President Trump's leadership style is chaotic. I would say that based on my personal experience with him on the manufacturing council as well as ob, as observing the rest of his administration, I think it's pretty fair to say that there was no level of stability or predictability.


I think there was a, a huge amount of vindictiveness that came out of his decisions and the positions that he took often with respect to American businesses. He would say, you know, instead of having sort of a cogent consistent industrial or economic policy, often it was informed by political concerns. And Al also based on personal grudges. May I introduce you to Gabe? He's a coffee shop owner from Arizona Play, the clip. My name is Gabe. I am a small business owner here in Tempe, Arizona, and I am going to be voting for Kamala Harris this year. We are a coffee shop and coffee roasting company here in Arizona right now.


We employ about 15 people. A Harris presidency would, would be better for the small business economy and just for the economy in general because there's actually a plan in place to support us. There is a plan to help reduce the, or change the tax incentives for starting a new business, which are are huge. A $5,000 tax cut right now, or tax credit just doesn't come close to what's needed when you're talking about starting a brick and mortar business, like what I have. So having that and then increasing the access to capital for businesses like mine that are hitting that stage where now we're look ready to look for that second location. So having that access to capital is going to be key for us to continue growing.


Trump's tariff plans, I mean, let's break it down by the numbers, right? I own a coffee shop. You would think that a coffee shop isn't going to be impacted by it, but I hate to break it to you. Almost everything that we serve is going to be touched by those tariffs. You look at everything from our cost of goods right now we charge on average about five bucks for a latte. What that breaks down to and cost of goods though, we pay about a quarter for our cups, our lids, our straws per drink. Those, most of those manufacturers are located in China. So if you assume a 60% tariff added to that, that takes that 25 cents to 42 cents. All of this to say, once you take all of that math out today, we're left with around 11 cents per latte.


When you add that 20 to 60% tariff, depending on what it's on, you're talking about taking us into a loss territory. So we're not gonna be able to operate our business, and the only thing we're going to have as our disposal is to raise our prices, which is going to make it more expensive for everyday consumers to get their coffee, to get their muffins, to get whatever they may need for their normal day to day, and it's going to drastically impact our economy. People are going to cut back on things that, that they currently spend. My business will likely have to reduce my staff, if not even close. I think we need to all be perfectly clear. Donald Trump does not care about anyone.


He does not care about small business owners. The only thing he cares about is himself. Here's Josh Josh is a small business owner, Play the clip. Hi, I am Josh. I am a small business owner from the great city of Idaho, and I am voting for Kamala Harris in November. I own a marketing agency here in Idaho and and one of the, one of the primary customers we have are entrepreneurs, startups, and innovators. And it really seems like Vice President Harris is standing up for those people. The, the fact that the government still thinks it only costs $5,000 to start a business in 2024 is ridiculous.


Raising that to maximum deduction on small business taxes of $50,000 will help small businesses not only get off the ground, but pay for those things that companies like mine offer. You need a website, you need copywriting, you need advertising. Those are the things that are gonna help propel businesses forward. And President Kamala Harris believes in that Donald Trump's plans for tariffs, especially on consumer goods, will hurt the economy as a whole and hurting the economy as a whole affects families, affects businesses, both small businesses and large businesses. Do you think for one second that big business is going to eat the rising cost of those tariffs so that the consumer will be able to pay the same amount for those goods?


Hell no. They're not big. Business is going to pass those costs straight to the consumer, and the ones who will benefit from that the least are the MAGA Republicans who support Donald Trump. As a small business owner, I would not do business with Donald Trump because honestly, I would be afraid of getting burned no matter what it would be because the, because there is no care in in Donald Trump's mentality for anyone but himself Here, Scott from Michigan Play the clip. I'm Scott from Michigan and I'm a small business owner and I will be voting for Kamala Harris.


I used to be an executive in automotive industry. Now I have my own, I have actually two small businesses that I own. One of 'em is my favorite. I actually teach small kids, preschool age kids and early elementary kids soccer. Second business, I have, I still do operational and supply chain consulting. I support Harris over Trump because when you take emotion out of the picture, Harris's economic policies actually are better than Trump's Harris's proposals are more pro business, primarily because she's focused on the middle class and the smaller companies from Trump.


I have not heard anything that addresses small businesses. The only thing I hear is how he's gonna bring manufacturing back as a manufacturing executive. That never happened in the first term. I don't expect it to happen in the second term. Trump's tariffs definitely are gonna cause problems for businesses, but also for consumers. I have the advantage of working in manufacturing in the supply chain over the last 25 years of my career, and I can tell you that everything coming from China during its first administration, we were passing those costs onto our customers. That's exactly what's gonna happen here.


And I understand strategic tariffs, but he's not talking strategic tariffs. He's focused only on tariff, everything coming from everywhere. What concerns me about a second Trump administration is what happened on January 6th, and from a business owner's perspective, if you have chaos in your political system, you will have chaos in the bottom line of your business. And to me, I will always vote for stability over chaos any day. Here Is John Delaney, he's the co-founder of for Bright Bank at Capital Source, HCFP.


Take a listen to what he has to say for the banking industry. Play, the clip. Hi. This is former member of Congress, John Delaney. Prior to being in Congress, I started two businesses, took them public and ran them. So I know a lot about what it takes to build a business. I'm super excited for the Harris Walls Administration's approach to business. They have a strategy to ensure that the United States is competitive and that our businesses win here and around the world. They're also gonna run our nation and our government in a way where we have not only domestic political stability, but that we continue to build up alliances around the world so that US businesses can succeed. What scares me the most about Trump's economic policies is that he wants to isolate the United States from the rest of the world, right?


It is incredibly important that we both bring jobs back to the United States and Reshore whole industries in the United States, which the Biden Harris administration has been doing, and the Harris Wal administration will continue, but we also have to engage globally. We need to make sure markets are open for our companies to sell goods and compete overseas. I want US businesses not only thriving in the United States of America, but I want them winning overseas. And this is not only good for business, but it's also good for our national security. One of the reasons the United States is so central to ensuring that there's peace and stability in the world is both our extraordinary military, but also the diplomatic alliances we have, many of which are based on economic interests that we share with our allies.


Trump wants to unravel that whole model and isolate the United States, which is terrible for business, but it's also terrible for our national Security. And here's Aaron Levy, who's the founder and CEO of the company box, which you probably have heard of. Here's what he's gotta say. I support Kamala Harris for president because I think we need stable leadership in government that is pro-business, that is pro-science unequivocally. I think we have the best place to start a business to grow a business. I think policies that lean more towards startup formation, being able to bring talent in from all around the world, being able to have stable government agencies that are forward looking, and Kamala Harris, the cabinet that ostensibly you would expect her to build based on what we've seen at least in the past few years, is one that I can fully get behind.


Finally, Here is Michael from Texas. Here's what Michael from Texas has to say. Donald Trump is basically just a rich kid from New York City who has never really had to work for anything in his life and has never really had to build anything in his life. My name is Michael Wood. I'm a small business owner in Fort Worth, Texas, and I'm planning on voting for Kamala Harris for president After college, I joined the Marines. I did four years on active duty. Now I live in Fort Worth, Texas with my wife and four daughters, and I own a commercial truck and trailer maintenance and repair company. As a business owner, I'm most concerned about a second term for Donald Trump because I'm, I'm worried about uncertainty.


Donald Trump doesn't seem to understand that tariffs are inflationary in my industry. Tariffs are gonna be incredibly inflationary, and that will just reverse all the progress that's been made over the last three or four years in, in fighting inflation. The difference between Donald Trump and Kamala Harris whenever it comes to small businesses is, first of all, I think that Kamala Harris understands the economy and understands, for instance, that tariffs aren't gonna be paid by Mexico or China or whatnot. Tariffs are gonna be paid by American businesses, and tariffs are gonna be paid by American consumers. Donald Trump is basically just a rich kid from New York City who has never really had to work for anything in his life and has never really had to build anything in his life.


You know, I show you those different business owners who are in all part of this group, business leaders for Harris. I think it's important. You've, you've heard, I, I've had Anthony Scaramucci on here, and he's written a piece in a fortune about the economic case for Vice President Kamala Harris. I've shared with you, you, you know, this other story where America's top CEOs are overwhelmingly favoring vice President Kamala Harrison, and there's a reason for it. It's our central thesis, normalcy, stability, predictability, capital tweets, large capital rant. So, my God, did, could you believe da da da?


You know, I mean, could you, like with Donald Trump just screaming and yelling in all caps letters every day, and then whining though, what's for me? It's the, it's the, there's so much, but it's also just the freaking whining. It's like, stop whining like a baby. Dude, you, you, you're a billionaire. You were born with all this money. You ha you were, had the most powerful position in the world. Stop acting like a freaking baby. I mean, who? Who behaves like that? It's gross. Anyway, you heard from those business leaders who are going public right now, think it's important for you to see that help make your decision, send this to business owners, you know, as well. Did you vote?


Do it. Make sure you vote and tell other people you know to vote as well. Please, it's so important. Thanks for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.