
This has been Marcellus from the Midas Touch network with a breaking news update. I wanna report this very carefully based on all of the data available to us right now. I don't wanna spread conspiracy theories. I don't want to provide false information. I simply wanna report the facts that there appears to have been a shooting or shots fired at the Butler Pennsylvania speech. As Donald Trump was speaking, it's believed that Donald Trump, his ear, his side of his face was grazed. We're getting more details there. People are describing what went down. The extent of injuries from the attack remains unclear.


Although Trump's communications director, Steven Chung, says that Donald Trump is doing fine and he's being checked out by local medics. The, a local reporter in Pennsylvania in the area has just stated that the Butler County District Attorney, though, says that somebody in the crowd is believed to be dead. Donald Trump is okay. He says there's no information about the shooter right now. This is from Mike Valenti who's there on the ground, the update from Mike Valenti just moments ago. The district attorney says he believes the person who died was someone in the crowd.


We don't have additional details. So what I do want to share, first and foremost, first, let me show you the image. This was what went down. I'm gonna show you it, it, it is graphic. I do wanna show it though, and let's just play this clip. Holden, if you wanna really see something that said, take a look at what happened.


This is from A NBC reporter who is there. What she describes was that it sounded like there was almost fireworks going off at first, and then she realized that it was more serious than, than that. Here, let's listen to her reporting right here. Let's play the clip. Yes, because we were in, in the middle of all of this, as this all transpired, we were getting off of the press rise, getting to the ground level where all of the attendees are on the grass here at this venue. We heard at first what I thought might have been fireworks. I, I even saw a little bit of smoke, wasn't sure what was going on. My producer Bianca and I then realized this might be something more serious.


We then got ourselves behind a barricade for safety, trying to make sure that our colleagues and our peers around us were safe. Everyone ducked down. As you see in that video, the former president ducked down Secret Service came and protected him. People in the audience here, those who were attending initial confusion shock, you said, we have, again, when you first hear those shots, you really do think this might be a fireworks, just because this is not something that you are, are, are expecting. When you're at an event like this, we get down on the ground, we hear those continued pop, pop, pop, pop pops. They kept going. It felt like for a long time, for, for those of us who were here on site.


But as you said, listening to Abaco was about eight to 11. Or Here's a statement that was just issued by Governor Josh Shapiro of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. This event was in Butler, Pennsylvania. Violence targeted at any political party or political leader is absolutely unacceptable. It is no place in Pennsylvania or the United States. I have been briefed on the situation. Pennsylvania State Police are on the scene at Butler County and working with our federal and local partners. Tim Alberta rights law enforcement official briefed says that they believe the shooting suspect is down. Again, I don't wanna speculate or provide any a a additional facts.


I wanna stick to what it is that we know at this present moment right here. Statement from Mark Cuban coming in right now. He said, let's hope the former president is okay and no one else is injured, and let's hope they catch the idiot who did this. This is not the way, and thank you to the Secret Service who put themselves in harm's way to protect the former president. Bradley Moss just posted the following three questions. What kind of firearm? Was it commercial or homemade? How did they get it past the mags and security checks? How did they keep it concealed from others during the hours long delay in the blistering heat waiting for Donald Trump to arrive?


Trump was about an hour or so late to this speech. We're gonna pro, this is a, a statement coming in from Governor Kathy. Holle, any, any violence against a fellow American is disgusting and unacceptable. We must express political disagreements peacefully and civilly and respectfully. I'm praying for the health and safety of former President Trump and all who are attending this event in Pennsylvania. Adam Kininger just posted, just landed and learned about the shooting. This is despicable and violence has no place in our politics praying for everyone. And I just want to echo here on behalf of the Midas Touch network, violence does have no place in our politics.


Full stop, end of story. We'll give you more updates as, as we learn more here on the Midas Touch network. There was a moment here, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll show you this at the end as well though. While Donald Trump was being taken out, he says, fight and seems to kind of raise his arm in, in making a gesture. Let just show you this moment here. But his, he screams fight to the crowd and then raises his hand in, in a gesture. Let me play, let me show you this. Wait, wait, wait, wait.


And again, here, we're not gonna go into speculation. We're not gonna spread conspiracies at all. You shouldn't at all. Let's get the facts, let's get the details. Just important to report on on that. I know that's why you come to the Midas Touch network. We'll be back and, you know, some of the other programming will likely be adjusted. You know, as a result, some of the programming that is done is kind of pre-programmed throughout the day, and we're gonna shift that around, make sure we're still covering all the news and all of the issues and updates here. Of course, and as Hunter Walker has reported, before he took the stage in Butler, Trump sent out a fundraising email to supporters that said the following, all hell breaks loose in one hour.


Trump wrote, I could be making a major announcement. That sure. To strike fear into the hearts of our deep state enemies is the statement that that Trump put out before President Biden is now addressing the nation on the shooting that just took place at the Donald Trump rally in Butler, Pennsylvania. Here's President Biden. Thanks for coming, folks. I've been thoroughly briefed by all the agencies and the federal government as the situation based on what we know now. I have tried to get ahold of Donald. He's with his doctors. They apparently he's doing well.


I plan on talking to them shortly. I hope when I get back to the telephone, look, there's no place in America for this kind of violence. It's sick. It's sick. It's one of the reasons why we have to unite this country. We cannot allow for this to be happening. We cannot be like this. We cannot condone this. And so, and I want to thank the Secret Service and all the agency, including the state agencies that have been engaged in making sure that the people who, and we have more detail to come relative to other injury, other people may be injured in the audience. I don't have all that detail. We'll make that available to you. I may be able to come back a little later tonight, but we'll put out a statement if we don't, if I'm not able to get, if it's not convenient for you all.


But the bottom line is that the Trump rally was a rally that he should have been able to be conducted peacefully without any problem. But the idea, the idea that there's political violence or violence in America like this is just unheard of. It's just not appropriate. And we, everybody, everybody must condemn it, everybody, I'll keep you informed and if I am able to speak to the, to Donald, I'll, I'll let you know that as well. So far, it appears he's doing well, number one. Number two, that they're thoroughly investigating what happened to anyone else in the audience. I have, we have some reports, but not final reports.


And every agency in the federal government, and I'm going back to, to my phone to speak with the federal agencies that are being put together again to give me an updated briefing. As anything happened, they learned anymore in the last couple hours. So thank you very much and I hope I get to speak to 'em tonight and I'll get you back to you if I do. Okay, Mr. President, do you think this was an assassination attempt? I don't know enough to I, I have, I have. I have an opinion, but I don't have any facts, so I wanna make sure we have all the facts before I make some comment. Any more comments? Thank you. Are You worried President Safety was the security failing as president. That was President Biden addressing the nation.


You heard him say that he reached out to Donald, president Biden condemned any form of political violence in the United States of America. He said it was absolutely unacceptable. Here is a statement that President Joe Biden put out as well. I have been briefed on the shooting at Donald Trump's rally in Pennsylvania. I'm grateful to hear that he's safe and doing well. I'm praying for him and his family and for all of those who are at the rally. As we await further information, Jill and I are grateful to the Secret Service for getting him to safety. There's no place for this kind of violence in America. We must unite as one nation to condemn it.


Also, the Biden campaign has announced that the campaign will be pausing all outbound communication and they're working to pull down television ads as quickly as possible as the news develops here as well. One thing that we are learning as well is that the shooter we believe is now dead. We believe someone who was at the rally as well was shot and killed. Although we're getting more information as President Biden is calling for more information and for political violence in all forms to be not accepted at all here in the United States of America, you have a magar Republican congressman by the name of Mike Collins saying the following, the Republican district attorney in Butler County, Pennsylvania should immediately file charges against Joseph r Biden for inciting and assassination.


Ronnie Jackson Magar Republican said Trump deranged left-wing lunatics that parade around M-S-N-B-C and other fake news outlets demonizing Trump and calling him Hitler are directly responsible for this violent attack on Trump's life. They have blood on their hands. Enough of the violent rhetoric. America is pissed. It should be noted that prior to Donald Trump's event, before he took the stage and Butler, this is the email that he sent out. All hell breaks loose in one hour. I could be making a major announcement that sure. To strike fear into the hearts of our deep state enemies.


That was the last message sent by Donald Trump before the event. We're getting more details here on the Midas Touch network. We'll report back as we learn more. Thank you for watching.