
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two-factor authentication, strong passwords and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms. Apply


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker. It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95 including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to warby parker.com. That's warby parker.com.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me. Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's. Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 plus and President in Virginia must be first online real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.


It is Official. The United States is currently at war. The United States has entered Israel's war against Iran. Donald Trump has just posted that the United States military has hit three nuclear sites in Iran. Let me repeat, the United States is at war. Let me read for you what Donald Trump posted. We have completed our very successful attack on the three nuclear sites in Iran, including Fordo, naans, and Esfahan. All planes are now outside of Iran airspace. A full payload of bombs was dropped on the primary site for dough.


All planes are safely on their way home. Congratulations to our great American warriors. There is not another military in the world that could have done this. Now is the time for peace. Exclamation point. Thank you for your attention to this matter. Let me repeat. The United States is currently at war in Iran, the United States joining Israel apparently with no other allies, US and Israel, Donald Trump, Netanyahu against Iran. Donald Trump just posts. I will be giving an address to the nation at 10:00 PM Eastern, 7:00 PM Pacific at the White House regarding our very successful military operation in Iran.


This is an historic moment. This is all in caps now for the United States of America, Israel, and the world. Iran must now agree to end this war. Thank you. Exclamation point. So after attacking Iran, Donald Trump is saying it was a successful operation and that Iran must now end the war after the United States just bombed Iran. It conjures images in my mind of when George W. Bush went on the ship and had the mission accomplished sign behind him. Although that was not after the first few hours of an operation, Donald Trump also reposted open source Intel account that says Fordo is gone.


We're learning some additional information about the strike as well. Reports out of Iran right now of some of the most heavy wide spectrum jamming of the war. Radios, GPS and Cell are all experiencing heavy degradation, most likely US electronic warfare supporting the strikes. We also believe that the B twos that were sent to Guam that we had been reporting about earlier in the day were a diversion. Other B twos likely took off towards Iran is what this account is saying and many others in the intelligence space are saying as well.


Trump announced that US forces have struck Naans, fordo and Isfahan nuclear facilities in Iran and all aircraft are now out of Iranian airspace. An important thing to think about as well as this account notes, I would not want to be on a tanker in the straight of Horus right now, very difficult hours ahead as the US and other Gulf nations look to secure shipping, one of the things that Iran said it would do would be to shut down the strait of Horus. And if that were to take place, that's where all of the oil leaves the Middle East from on its way to its destinations that could have a massive shock on the supply chain of oil.


Additionally, three senior Iranian officials have told the New York Times that they believe American forces had bomb forough and Naans around 2:30 AM in Iran time. This is how Mark Montgomery ii retired general, here's how he had to say it or what he, how he was discussing how US military assets were critical to destroying the nuclear facility. Play this clip your Thoughts on the targets and what about Fordo? That's exactly right. They've hit Naan Han and other Iraq and other O other sites here and done significant damage.


They've been around Forea, but the reality is the president's right Prime Minister Netanyahu said they could take Fordo. I think a fair statement is they could do significant damage to Fordo, but the only way you're going to destroy fordo, and it's not a guarantee, but the only possible way are B two stealth bombers delivering the GBU 57, that 30,000 pound weapon. Now, here was the prior report about the United States moving B two bombers to the Pacific Island of Guam earlier play this clip. The United States is moving B two bombers to the Pacific Island of Guam as President. Donald Trump weighs whether the US should take part in Israel's strikes against Iran.


The bomber deployment was relayed to Reuters on Saturday by two US officials. It's unclear whether the move is tied to Middle East tensions. The B two can be equipped to carry America's 30,000 pound GBU 57 massive ordinance penetrator designed to destroy targets deep underground, and Then Donald Trump met with his National Security Council within the past few hours. He was previously in Bedminster, New Jersey golfing, and he was talking to the new members at his club in Bedminster that then congratulated the new members, then went back to Washington, DC to meet with the National Security Council, where it's believed that all these operations were taking place.


Israeli media is saying that Israel has known for several days that Trump is on board and yet Israel and the US together created the feeling that there are disagreements in the American leadership in order to lull the enemy. There have been reports of tense conversations and of talks that are supposed to take place the next week. The goal was to create a diversion allegedly to prevent the Iranians from rushing to take action. But it should be noted as well that the United States was signaling to other countries. Remember two weeks that it would try to see if there was a path towards negotiation. Many people are saying that two carries worth of Navy EA 18 G Growler were supporting this operation as well.


Here's a clip right here of Donald Trump saying multiple times that he would never start a war in the Middle East and attacking others, neocons, et cetera, who have started wars in the Middle East before. Let's play this clip right here. These Globalists want to squander all of America's strength, blood and treasure chasing monsters and phantoms overseas. In addition, there must also be a complete commitment to dismantling the entire globalist NeoCon establishment that is perpetually dragging us into endless wars, pretending to fight for freedom and democracy abroad.


We should have never got into the Middle East. We should have never gone into the Middle East. Under my leadership, we will turn the page forever on those foolish stupid days of never ending wars. We're rebuilding our military stronger than ever before and we are not going to deplete it again on stupid, senseless, endless wars. World War III has never been closer than it is right now. We need the clean house of all of the war mongers and America last globalist in the deep state. I am the President who delivers peace. I was the first president in decades who didn't start a war.


Trump in 2013 said, remember that I predicted a long time ago that Obama will attack Iran because of his inability to negotiate properly. Not skilled exclamation point right there. Seeing if there's any other additional information to report right now as well. We will keep you posted every step of the way as we get more data, but that's what we have for now. The United States is at war. Donald Trump did not go through the lawful process of getting an authorization by Congress, but Donald Trump has put the United States at war against Iran, with Israel, Trump, Netanyahu going in alone.


As far as we know without, you know, any of America's traditional allies. It, it is my belief that this is not going to be ending anytime soon. We'll keep you posted with more updates here on the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe and let's get to 5 million or 6 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. New By its merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more All at store. Job midas touch.com.