
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock, save up to 40% in your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply


At Academy Sports and Outdoors. We believe the best holiday fun happens out there on the driveway with a new basketball hoop out back around the fire pit or up in the Deere stand no matter your fun. We've got it. The right stuff at the right Price Academy. Have fun out there.


Sorry to interrupt, but if you give me 15 seconds, I'll tell you how to get 15 bucks for you and keep your engine running like new. Just stop by. Take five oil change now through the end of February. Get a mobile one oil change and you'll earn a $15 prepaid MasterCard. See terms and conditions.


If you've heard that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science-backed language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babel gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with Bael right now. Up to 55% off your bael subscription at bael.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


The Subaru Share the Love event is a fulfilling way to get in a great vehicle and support a great cause When you buy or lease a new Subaru from now until January 2nd, Subaru and its retailers will donate a minimum of $300 to charity. By the end of this year's event, Subaru will have donated nearly $320 million to charity. Visit subaru.com/share to support a great cause. Today,


President Biden has just announced that he will be pardoning his son, hunter Biden arising out of the two federal criminal prosecutions from a Republican appointed special counsel. Let me read for you President Biden's statement where he just announced moments ago that he will be pardoning his son Hunter Biden. Here's what it said today. I signed a pardon for my son, hunter. From the day I took office, I said I would not interfere with the Justice Department's decision making. And I kept my word even as I have watched my son being selectively and unfairly prosecuted without aggravating factors like use in a crime, multiple purchases or buying a weapon as a straw purchaser people, people are almost never brought to trial on felony charges solely for how they filled out a gun form.


Those who were late paying their taxes because of serious addictions but paid them back subsequently with interest and penalties are typically given non-criminal resolutions. It is clear that Hunter was treated differently. The charges in his cases came about only after several of my political opponents in Congress instigated them to attack me and oppose my election. Then a carefully negotiated plea deal agreed to by the Department of Justice unraveled in the courtroom with a number of my political opponents in Congress taking credit for bringing political pressure on the process.


Had The Deal held, it would've been a fair reasonable resolution of hunter's cases. No reasonable person who looks at the facts of hunter's cases can reach any other conclusion than Hunter was singled out only because he is my son and that is wrong. There has been an effort to break Hunter who has been five and a half years sober, even in the face of unrelenting attacks and selective prosecution in trying to break Hunter. They've tried to break me and there's no reason to believe it will stop here. Enough is enough for my entire career. I have followed a simple principle. Just tell the American people the truth.


They'll be fair-minded. Here's the truth. I believe in the justice system, but as I have wrestled with this, I also believe raw politics has infected this process and it led to a miscarriage of justice. And once I made this decision this weekend, there was no sense in delaying it. Further, I hope Americans will understand why a father and a president would come to this decision. And this follows President Biden previously stating that he was not inclined to issue a pardon for Hunter Biden. Now, president Biden has issued a formal pardon to Hunter Biden on two federal criminal prosecution.


One arising out of Hunter Biden checking a box that he was not under the influence of drugs in connection with the purchase of a firearm, a criminal prosecution that frankly has never been done before on anyone in a similar situation the other for paying back his taxes late again. Another prosecution that has never been done before. President Biden announcing that he is formally pardoning Hunter Biden. I'll remind you, when Hunter Biden showed up at the Magar Republican hearing in Congress and he was prepared to testify, he just wanted to do it publicly.


The Magar Republicans refuse to have a public hearing requesting that it be done via private deposition, which later occurred. This is when Hunter Biden approached the hearing and said, let's do this in public. Remember this moment, let's play this clip. James Comer. Jim Jordan. Jason Smith and their colleagues have distorted the facts by cherry picking lines from a bank statement, manipulating texts. I sent editing the testimony of my friends and former business partners and misstating personal information that was stolen from me.


There is no fairness or decency in what these Republicans are doing. They have lied over and over about every aspect of my personal and professional life, so much so that their lies have become the false facts believed by too many people. Awesome. No matter how many times it is debunked, they continue to insist that my father's support of Ukraine against Russia is the result of a non-existent bribe. They displayed naked photos of me during an oversight hearing and they have taken the light of my dad's love, the light of my dad's love for me, and presented it as darkness.


They have no shame. These same committee chairman have engaged in unprecedented political interference in what would've already been a five year investigation of me. Yet here I am, Mr. Chairman, taking up your offer when you said we can bring these people in for depositions or committee hearings, whichever they choose. Well, I've chosen, I'm here to testify at a public hearing today to answer any of the committee's legitimate questions.


Republicans do not want an open process where Americans can see their tactics, expose their baseless inquiry or hear what I have to say. And I'm sure you may also remember where Democratic Congress member Jar Moscow asked his Republican colleagues to give a show of hands who wanted to hear from Hunter Biden right now during the hearing where they simply wanted to engage in the performative mocking of Hunter Biden Here play this clip And the chairman gave the witness that option.


Then the only folks that are afraid to hear from the witness with the American people watching are my friends on the other side of the aisle. I don't know if there's a proper motion, Mr. Chairman, but I'll make a motion. Let's vote. Let's take a vote. Who wants to hear from Hunter right now today? Anyone? Come on. Who wants to hear from Hunter? Motions out over? Yeah, no One. So I'm a visual learner and the visual is clear. Nobody over there wants to hear from the witness. Oh one. Thank you. Will you Yield for a question? I'm not there yet, but I will eventually.


So there's no one, well other than one or two that wanna hear from the witness. So the majority of my colleagues over there, including the chairman, don't wanna hear from the witness with the American people watching. So Mr. Chairman are I, I just want to hear from you. Will you acknowledge that you invited the witness on television to choose whether he could come to a public hearing and do you stand by your words or do you renege that invitation to the witness? To answer the question, what I've said repeatedly, the after the deposition, Mr. Biden can come in front of a public hearing. Mr. Chairman, I don't wanna play the video, but that is not what you said on television multiple times we have the quotes, we can put them up.


You said the witness can choose between a deposition, listen Or Mr. Moskowitz. Mr. Biden doesn't make the rules. We make the no That. No, Mr. Chairman, you make the rules and the rule you made is that he can choose At that. Those, the rule is Those were your, those were your words we're claiming my time. He was a, I think it is also worth noting when we talk about Hunter Biden to contextualize things. While Magar Republicans spent all their time attacking Hunter, they did not go after people like Don Jr. Or Jared Kushner because the Magar Republicans weaponized Congress against President Biden and Biden's family exactly what they accused Democrats of.


When in fact the United States Supreme Court justices appointed by Donald Trump ultimately gave Donald Trump absolute immunity. So here's an example of Don Jr. For example, recently bragging about his first class accommodations on his flight to Dubai and Oman, where the Trumps continued to rake in millions from foreign governments. But I guess to MAGA Republicans, no conflict of interest here. You play this clip Guys, I just did a day trip to Dubai and Oman, we have a project in Oman projects in Dubai, just checking in on 'em for the day job. Literally, I'm on the ground for 18 hours. And I. Think I did 30 something hours of flying. But if you're gonna fly that much, this is a great way to do it.


I'm in first class on Emirates and this is sick. These beds lie down, go fully flat, the doors closed, you're in your entire enclosed cubbies, pretty spectacular great food, more leg room than I can know what to do with. And like I said, the beds fly out flat and they even have mattresses to go on top of them. So if you're gonna do, if you're gonna do 18 hours on the ground a day trip to the Middle East, this is the way to do it. Figured I had to share that one with you guys 'cause I'm a reasonably spoiled individual and this is still pretty spectacular. Have a good one guys. And here is Jared Kushner at a recent event where he was invited to this to speak about his investments when he was asked about the Saudis investing billions of dollars in his fund.


Jared Kushner said, are we really even talking about this? This is really even a thing here. watch this. As you said, lots and lots of private equity firms, other folks are, are trying to raise money from Saudi Arabia and are raising money from Saudi Arabia somehow stopped after the Jamal Khashoggi murder some. Some either gave money back or stopped at the time you didn't really, you said you wanted to wait for the DNI report for, for the kind of official report for the State Department report before talking about it. You kind of only give very glancing mentions in your book to it. The DNI report came out a couple weeks after you left the White House. It says that MBS personally was responsible. Do you agree with the DNI? Do you or do you believe that report? Are we really still doing this, Dan?


Yeah, I mean, absolutely. Okay, so, so let, let's go to this. Well, there's clearly a selective prosecution going after Hunter Biden for quite literally fractions of fractions of fractions of the corruption of Don Jr. And Jared Kushner. But there you have it, president Biden announcing the pardon moments ago of his son, hunter Biden. Make sure you go to midas plus.com for more updates and please hit subscribe right now on this YouTube channel and let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.