
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook. Gambling problem Call one 800 GAMBLER.


I'm joined by California Governor Gavin Newsom, governor Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth just wrote, due to increased threats to federal law enforcement officers and federal buildings, approximately 700 active duty, US Marines from Camp Pendleton are being deployed to Los Angeles to restore order. We have an obligation to defend federal law enforcement officers, even if Gavin Newsom will not. That was his post. What's your response, governor? It's just complete nonsense. It's Orwellian, it's a manufactured crisis. Let me give you a proof point of that, as we all know. Well, they illegally and unconstitutionally deployed the National Guard over the objection of the Governor over my objection.


And we filed a lawsuit on that. There were 2000 National Guardsmen deployed, but they cannot operationalize the needs for more than 300 of them, meaning 1700 of them have not been utilized in any meaningful way. Just moments ago, they also called up an additional 2000 national guards. So now 4,000 of which only 300 have been operationalized. And guess what? Guess what? Yesterday LAPD had to protect and use their scarcity resources to protect those national guardsmen and women against protests that were incited because of their presence.


And I say this as someone who's very proud of our National Guard and care deeply about them, they are being put into harm's way. And Donald Trump has created and manufactured a crisis that I assure you to, your tweet in the reference to excess is going to be made significantly worse if they impose the Insurrection Act and deploy 700 active Marines in military into a US American city. In this manufactured crisis, We saw that there were national guardsmen sleeping on the floor. There was no food, water, or places to sleep for them. Here's what you posted. You sent your troops here without fuel, food, water, or a place to sleep.


Here they are being forced to sleep on the floor piled on top of one another. If anyone is treating our troops disrespectfully, it is you. And is this the group that's just even the 300 that they did operationalize so they couldn't operationalize the 17? What are we looking at there? Even you're Looking at chaos, you're looking at incompetency, you're looking, I think at the visuals of what this is all about. They are unhinged. They're, they're, they're incapable of operational efficiency. I mean, these, these, these are the soldiers. This is a 79th infantry. I know these guys well.


They're under our command. They're been under my command. They're amazing young men and women. These were the folks out there protecting people in the middle of the wildfires here in la. They were protecting public safety at key checkpoints all throughout the state. These are the folks I've deployed that are now being pulled off the line to do forest management in vegetation management preparing for wildfire season. These are the folks that are currently being deployed now are being sent here for this theater of the absurdity that we're working on fentanyl interdiction and doing task force work or rattlesnake crews. All of these extraordinary things that no longer can be done or at least are disrupted because of this show.


And that's all of this. All this is, we have more than enough resources. The mutual aid system has not even been close to being tapped as it relates to local law enforcement. And I'll remind you, LA County is 88 cities. The vast majority of those cities have their own police departments. The California Highway Patrol. We've surged about 600 officers. And as I just noted, and as you just showed your viewers, you've got 1700 of these young men and women that are sitting around waiting for something. And another 2000 have been nationalized. Again, just so Donald Trump can pound his chest and act like he is in control.


He is creating chaos. He is sowing chaos. Governor, is there anyone in the Trump administration or the Secretary of Defense or the Defense Department or Department of Homeland Security who's coordinating or communicating any of this with you? Or are you mostly finding out by tweets and by posts and Trump's press conferences? Let's talk about the, the, the, the great Christie, no, oh, not that many months ago was on with one of the mouse pieces, the PR machine for the, for the Trump administration. Sean Hannity not that many months ago as Governor Nome condemning the Biden administration because there was some discussion as she referred to it as threat to freedom and state sovereignty because there was a chance that her National Guard was going to be federalized.


She condemned it. Hannity shook his head in disgust about the incompetency of the Biden administration. That incompetency and hypocrisies on full display right now, no coordination, no capacity to engage in a rational deployment strategy. Currently 1700 if I haven't made that clear enough of the first 2000 cohort that have not been deployed and the threat of the US Marines coming in to a city in the United States, American 2025, which would require the insurrection act in this manufactured crisis that is going to create the conditions that we are desperately trying to mitigate.


And this chaos, this chaos is manufactured and it's my job as governor working with local law enforcement to clean up their mess. Donald Trump earlier today echoed what his borders are. Tom Holman said, which is that they want you arrested. Trump was asked why he wants you arrested. He says, because you are the governor and you won election. That's one of the reasons he wants you arrested. So what's your response to that governor? That was, was that said by Erdogan? Who was that said by? Was that some dictator, some authoritarian in the history books or was that said by the president of the United States? I've never thought honestly, and I don't wanna be hyperbolic, act like a victim and all of that.


I honestly literally never thought in my life. I'd hear those words uttered from the president of the United States, threatening the rest, directing the arrest of a political opponent that quote unquote won an election and happens to be governor of the largest state in our country. And for what, not only winning the election, but it's really about having the audacity to call him out on his unconstitutional actions and to call out what this is all about. This is about the erosion of the rule of law. This is about a system of checks and balances, popular sovereignty, co-equal branches of government.


We lost a full branch of government. It's gone. And that's Congress. There's no oversight. There's only one other branch outside the executive that may or may not be left. And that's the branch he's threatening with impeachment and he's threatening as it relates to court actions that he may or may not follow depending on the rule of Don. And that's the courts and that's what we've got left. And So we have to stand up, we have to call out what this is really about. We have crossed the red line. We can get an a, a posse commas, We can get into this unlawful action. But this is a national action that is occurring first here in the state of California. The executive order and the mobilization order that came from the DOD impacts every state in the United States of America, Democrats and Republicans should wake up to what is happening currently in this country.


And it's happening here first, but we are just America's coming attraction. This is a preview of things to come all across the country, You know? Yeah. That unlawful order is not specific to California or Los Angeles, right? I mean, it's a 60 day order that says, and it's not limited to just, it mentions, yes, it starts with this National Guard Federalization, but it says at the Secretary of Defense's, discretion could be anything for 60 days anywhere. I don't think that's getting enough attention. No one need, people need to understand this is a national order. We're talking about you in your state, in your backyard, depending on the whim of a president who's unhinged depending on how he's feeling in a particular day or who's aggrieved him because they didn't like what they said on a Fox News clip.


I mean, it's again, sober in serious moment. Meanwhile, can I just add, you know, and this is why I I I, I told the president, just, just get it over with. Arrest me, move on. If you need some head to scalp, do it with me. But stop messing with these kids. Stop messing with four year olds. Kids in elementary school. We've got kids, we have hundreds of graduations down here. Kids are not going in their own graduations, families, grandparents here, illegally, mixed status families in some cases scared to death to go to a graduation. People are scared to draw, walk down the streets. It's not just Home Depot. It's getting their car washed. We have incidences. I didn't believe it. 'cause I, I, what was I thinking?


I actually believe when they said this is not true. But then I saw videos. They're doing checkpoints, checking people's IDs. We've never seen this kind of deployment in so many actions. It's mass panic out here in the nation's largest county, in the nation's largest state. Good hardworking people, decent people. These are not the criminals, these are not the thugs. And so again, I just hope people really are paying attention. And I know he's trying to misdirect attention away from Elon Musk and this disastrous two and a half trillion dollars debt that's gonna saddle our kids and grandkids for generations. And the abomination that is his tariff policy and his incompetency as it relates to foreign affairs, do not fall for it.


Let's all pay attention to what's really going on. And what I find interesting though is, you know, he'll be a keyboard warrior and he'll say, scu this and that, but he, when you are face to face with him and you're in front of the cameras and you're there together, he becomes a different person. You look him in the face, I remember during the wildfires and he was like a different person when you were there together. But back, wherever he is, he's, you know, this and that. And, and to me, I don't know, I just look at that, you know, just as, as, as a man. I look at Trump and I'm like, that's, that's pathetic. If you really feel this way about this guy, about Governor Newsom, just say it to his face, then do it in public Weakness.


Masquerading his strength. Weakness masquerading his strength. Look, I had that conversation with him Friday night just a few nights ago. It was unbelievably cordial. He never brought up the National Guard. He never, he didn't even want to talk about what was going on in la that's why we were connected. I was talking to his chief of staffer texting her back and forth, and I picked up the phone to talk to the president about this, wasn't interested. And then, and a few hours later, he nationalizes Federalizes, the National Guard, he lays claim that somehow it solved all the problems. And the guard hadn't even officially been deployed, completely lied about that, lied about our conversation, said he discussed the National Guard with us, with me specifically.


But to, to your point, it, it is a surreal experience to, to have that kind of interaction. And then hours later be called, what? I think Maurice BigMan, or I can't remember his name, my eighth grade bully called me No scum. I mean, it's a, a president of the United States calling someone, what an eighth grade bully called me when I was a kid. Rather pathetic. So what would be your message to him right now this evening? Stand back, rescind this absurd, illegal and immoral order. Let our military go home. The absurdity of threatening the people of the United States of America with their own military, our proud military.


These remarkable men and women in uniform that do heroic work. Really proud of our marines. I feel for them right now. I feel for our national guard to be there. And, and, and, and, and the fact that we had to send the, the pd, our local PD to protect our own national a guard because they're being used as pawns. Mr. President, show some decency, show some humanity. More importantly, act like the commander in chief. If you want to be president, you might as well play the part as president. At least fake it. Do the right thing. Stand back and we'll clean up your mess. California Governor Gavin Newsom, thank you so much.


Thank you Everybody. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcast, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.