
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing, to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash special offer.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor's, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs Apply


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker. It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my bets in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interest and stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable. Bonus bet that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


The Trump regime is attacking the museums right here in Los Angeles where I live. They're going after the Japanese American Museum in Washington dc They're going after the African American Smithsonian Museum throughout California. They're going after funding for museums and libraries. It's not just unique to California or dc. We've seen attorney generals throughout the country, whether it's been in Arizona, whether it's been wherever. I mean Michigan, you name it. The the Trump regime is shutting down, like, or or taking things away from museums, not giving funding for critical things. They're in New York. They're going after cultural institutions.


A hundred new hundreds of nonprofits in New York, for example, or having cuts, theater, dance, museums, galleries. You know, I, I gave a speech about this yesterday where I was telling the audience, I'm like, I, I don't wanna be the bad guys. Like, why are we just doing as a country? I know it's not, we, the Midas mighty, like it's just cruelty for the sake of cruelty. And of course we could talk about all the other things disappearing migrants and just the horrific just gutting of Medicaid, the treatment of veterans and the firing of of veterans. But like also, it's like you're going into museums, you're getting rid of artifacts, you're stopping the funding. Why just the cruelty is the point. This, this is what I saw this out of Washington, DC where they were removing the artifacts for the African American History Museum.


There play this. Some artifacts are already being removed. Recent executive orders signed by President Trump aimed at removing what he called improper ideology could already be affecting the African American History Museum, civil rights activist. And Pastor Reverend Amos Brown says he was recently notified two of the artifacts he loaned to the museum would be returned. One precious and most historic book, the first history of the ne Negro race that was written by Reverend George Washington Williams in 1880. The other bible from when he went to demonstrations with Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. And Jesse Jackson Brown says that he lend the artifacts to the Smithsonian in 2016.


They would always give him the option of donating the books permanently or renewing the loan, but this time he wasn't asked Improper ideology. They're going after museums. Let's bring in California's Attorney General Ron bta, attorney General bta. You've filed lawsuits here in California on this issue, and you've joined with Attorney Generals on many other issues, which we'll discuss. But you won two preliminary injunctions on Trump's attack on museums and education institutions in California. C Can you talk about those cases and the significance of the order? Absolutely, and, and first, I'm grateful that Democratic attorneys general across the nation are working together to make sure that we have a president who follows the law and complies with the Constitution.


Unfortunately, we have a president who is acting in a way that's been unacceptable and abnormal. He's violated the law at a very fast pace, high volume, high speed of actions. And we've brought 19 lawsuits in 15 weeks, more than one a week. And yesterday, within a matter of hours, we got two preliminary injunctions ordered by courts stopping some of the unlawful conduct. One is the case you were mentioning where the president sought to withhold already congressionally, appropriated funding for museums, for libraries, for other agencies, critical and essential services. And in a separate case, we got our preliminary injunction yesterday that in joint stock prevented the president from withholding critical C 19 funding that went to schools to address some of the challenges that arose out of COVID-19, like learning loss and mental health issues.


Also technological capacity. That funding was also congressionally appropriated. And the president doesn't have the right to, to stop it from being sent to the states after it's already been appropriated. So some good wins yesterday. And that's been our hallmark so far. We've been winning our cases, broadly speaking, getting injunctions, temporary restraining order, stopping the president from his unconstitutional and unlawful activity. He joined with Democratic Attorney Generals across the country also to file a lawsuit against Donald Trump and RFK Junior Gutting Health and Human Services. And you know, I, I saw the list of the things that were being dismantled by Trump in RFK, you know, e everything from preventing the first responders in nine 11 to have the full access that they needed to people on call and, and, and appropriate cancer diagnoses to, you know, you you listed them all in the lawsuit.


You know, people who work in mining, you know, we're not being able to get healthcare services, very specific stuff. And you know, it's not a Republican or a Democrat thing. I mean, like, this stuff is literally gonna be like, like killing us. Like it's like this in people dying. I just feel like we're back to the covid years again where they didn't give a crap about death. And it's like, what, what are we talking about here? Talk, talk to us about that lawsuit While not surprising, unfortunately, always shocking when you think about it as a, as a human being and, and, and the common sense science-based, evidence-based, data-driven steps that we've taken to save lives, extend life, improve people's health.


You know, we're a long way away from waste, fraud and abuse here. These, these are the opposite of waste, fraud and abuse. These are core, essential critical services that, as you rightfully say, save people's lives. And there's this ongoing attempt to dismantle critical agencies at the education department, you know, health and human services and the critical services that, that they provide. They're dismantling them. They're, they're firing employees. They're pulling away our resources and, and critical services. And so, you know, it, it's hard to understand the, the the point, you know, you appropriately propose that maybe cruelty is the point. It's certainly the, the impact and, and the outcome.


And, you know, governments provide critical essential services and they're, they're taking them away and stripping them away, including in the, the health and human services area where people's lives are at risk because of these cuts. You know, I'm taking these issues one by one. You know, I started with the museums. We talked about health and human services. Then you, you bring up Department of education, right? In the past week, the Department of Education said they were gonna cut between a billion and $2 billion in mental health funding. And so after the MAGA Republicans say the sole reason why there are school shootings, right? They always say it's only because of mental health, not the guns.


Well, okay, so let's do mental health funding and let's also address the guns, which I know you as an Attorney general are focused on. We'll get there in a second, but let's just, let's just take it mental health. Okay? They're going after mental health services and getting rid of that in school. And I know you, you just spoke recently at a, at a mental health symposium or, or, or spoke on the issue recently at the Hoover Institute. And so I know it's a very important issue to you. It's a very important, it is an important issue. Cruelty iss. The point it seems, again, We are massively underinvested when it comes to mental health. We need to do more.


People need services yesterday. They need access. We have high levels of anxiety and depression and other, you know, trauma. And we need trauma informed care. And the, and the these cutbacks are absolutely devastating. You, you're supposed to, in, as a government, you're supposed to invest in the services and programs that meet the, the need that meet the demand and the demand for mental health services is through the roof. And so we need to be investing in doing more and not cutting back and pulling back. And so again, you know, i i, your iron, the irony you point out or the the hypocrisy is, is very appropriate when we, when you talk about gun violence, Republicans like to say, guns don't kill people.


People kill people. And mental health is the issue. And then you say, what are you doing about mental health? And you got crickets. And, you know, that's the truth of, of the, of the hypocrisy. But it would, it would be funny if it weren't so tragic and dangerous. And people's lives are, are at risk. Their health is at risk. And so it's, it's hard to understand the end game here of destroying critical services from the federal government. But we are seeing the human devastation. And unfortunately it'll only continue if these unlawful and cruel actions continue. You know, sometimes when I cover this, it, it feels like whack-a-mole, you know?


'cause you have all the things that we discussed and then it's like, oh, then Donald Trump's offending Catholics by posting AI images of himself as the pope. You know, right. As Pope Francis passed away and everyone's in mourning. Like, you know, you're like, do I, do I do I follow that one? You know, or he'll go, you know, we need a tariff movies. It's like, what do you, what do you even mean taring movies? But a lot of that's distraction. It doesn't mean necessarily that we don't cover it, but we gotta, you know, we have to stay focused on these things. And I'm sure as the attorney general of now California's the fourth largest economy in the world, there are things that you see that you're probably like, stop with these distractions.


We need to focus on this, this, and this. I wish there was more media attention on this. So we have an audience of now 5 million subscribers. What issue congratulations or issues do you think we need to be focused on more that that's not getting enough attention from you as the top law enforcement officer in California? No, I'll, I'll first say that you're right there. There's this flood the zone approach, shock and awe, you know, high volume, high speed. And it is easy to be distracted. Unfortunately, Many of these actions are, are, are dangerous and devastating and a high number of them are, are are unlawful. Our North star with, as the attorney's general mine, as the attorney general for the largest state department of justice in the nation, is identifying what is unlawful.


When the president does something that is unlawful and harms California, that's when we act. And we don't nec necessarily get to set the agenda on that. We are responding to what he does. It's pretty simple. If Trump breaks the law, we sue him. If he doesn't break the law, we don't. 'cause there's nothing to sue him on. And, and this isn't about, we can't go to court with political grievance or ideological or policy difference. We'll get thrown out of court immediately. So we go to court when he breaks the law and he's, he's been, he's had pa he's had patterns of breaking the law here. He, he violates the separation of powers quite regularly. He wants to usurp and trespass on legislative authority, Congress' authority, particularly the power of the purse, the power to appropriate and spend.


He has done that many times. I think focusing on that attempt to violate the Constitution and infringe upon a coequal branch of government's authority is something to, to keep an eye on. He's also gone after rights and freedoms, including on day one, January 20th, you know, hours after he raised his hand and swore to uphold the US Constitution. He went and violated it by issuing an executive order that sought to strike down and revoke birthright citizenship. A a A a, right? That is right there in black and white and the 14th amendment of the US Constitution, the citizenship clause. If you're born on American soil, you're a US citizen, period. Full stop. Doesn't matter with the immigration status or citizenship statuses of your, of your parents.


So all of these cases, 19 is a lot, but they really break down into two major categories. Either the president is trying to strip away someone's constitutional or other legally protected rights, or he's trying to withhold critical federal funding in California's case to the tune of over $168 billion that he tried to revoke and withhold that we, through our actions, have continued to make flow. The big oral argue, oral argument on the birthright citizen citizenship case is coming up on May 15th. Right. The New Jersey Attorney General, is he gonna be the one making that argument?


How, how do you pick who gets the oral argument? I mean, I'm sure do do you get, do you get an oral argument coming soon? How, where the fourth largest state by GDP, why, why are we giving it to Jersey? Yeah, I I I'll say I am not arguing this case because I wanna win this case. And so, so we have the New Jersey Solicitor General, who is outstanding and we have utmost confidence in, it's, it's the person in the New Jersey Attorney General's office whose specialty is appellate advocacy, who writes incredible appellate briefs for, you know, the US Supreme Court and the, the circuit courts and other appellate courts. And also can argue with, with great persuasion and skill. So we're confident in, in our advocate, we're confident in our case, the case is about the issue of a a a A related and and critical issue in the case, but not the actual substance of, of the constitutional right of birthright citizenship.


It's about national injunctions. And whether a group of states who go to a court can get a, an order from the court, an injunction that applies throughout the whole nation as opposed to in their, in their states. And this is a great case for us to be in front of the US Supreme Court on, because this is about a US constitutional right and constitutional rights belong to all in the United States. They either apply to all of us or they apply to none of us. They don't apply to the people in Blue States, but not the people in red states. So we think a, a national injunction is, is, is very appropriate in this case. And we're looking forward to the argument and being able to make a compelling and persuasive case to the US Supreme Court.


Well, I remember during former President Biden's administration that a lot of these MAGA attorneys would go right to the northern district of Texas, get nationwide injunctions that took away rights and freedoms that, or took away things like student debt relief and things like that. So they were, they were perfectly happy then. But now when it comes to protecting a constitutional right of birthright citizenship, they go foul. We don't want that. So, you know, we'd love to have you back on Attorney General Banta to discuss with us after the case. I'd love to have a look back. So let us know there. And I think we covered a lot.


Anything else you wanted to say be before we go? It's fir first time on the Midas Plus step network. Yeah, I, I'm honored and hopefully not the last grateful to have the opportunity to join you and, and talk to your amazing followers and audience. And one thing I do wanna say to your, your point about the Republican Attorneys General, they haven't filed one lawsuit, given all of these unlawful actions that hurt their people, that hurt their constituents, that strip away their constitutional rights and other federal rights that pull away millions and billions of dollars of already congressionally appropriated funding to their states. They're, they're sitting on their hands and saying, this is fine, letting it happen. Meanwhile, you know, speaker Johnson and the Republicans in Congress are doing the same thing, letting the president run rough shot over their, over their coequal branch of government while they're asleep at the wheel.


And we need people with backbone and spine who stand up for the rule of law and for rights and freedoms of Americans and to uphold the Constitution. And we are not getting that, nor do we expect that from Republican ags or the Republican Congress. But democratic ags are in the house and we believe we're the first and last line of defense when it comes to these unlawful attacks on Americans. And we are not backing down, we are not slowing down. We are immovable and unapologetic in our commitment to each and every time the president of the United States of America breaks the law, we will take him to court to stop him and hold him accountable. California Attorney General, Rob Bonta, thank you so much, attorney General, Honored to be with you.


Thanks for having me. Everybody. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.