
10 years from today, Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses. Lisa's taking now with a A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does and she can finally run with the big dogs. And the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The new year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration Specialists will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back resolve. To make identity, health, and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at Babbel dot com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B A BBE l.com/spotify. Podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


Super Bowl 59 1 game two teams, endless possibilities. And there's no better way to make every play more exciting than with FanDuel Sportsbook. Whether you're predicting the first touchdown, who will take home the MVP trophy or the coin toss. FanDuel makes it easy to place your bets and feel the thrill of every moment. With live betting all game long, you can jump into the action, adjust your bets, and ride the wave of excitement from kickoff to the final whistle. Plus, to make the Super Bowl even sweeter, new customers can score 200 bucks. When you make your first bet, just place a $5 bet and If you win, you'll get 200 in Bonus bets. Download the app or head to fanduel.com/bet. Big and bet with FanDuel official partner of Super Bowl 59 Must be 21 plus and present in select states for Kansas. An affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets which expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit fanduel.com/rg. Call 1 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 Support in Massachusetts or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text Hope NY in New York,


Canada is not backing down to Donald Trump in the United States, Canada is standing firm. It's standing on business. By and large, Canada and its provinces have united against Donald Trump and they've united with their allies across the globe to coordinate a strong and powerful and painful response. If Donald Trump imposes tariffs or sanctions against Canada, I'll tell you who seems like they're backing down. It seems like Donald Trump is backing down. 'cause now we're seeing headlines like this. Canada and Mexico can avoid tariffs before Saturday's.


Deadline says Donald Trump's commerce pick Howard Lutnick. They just need to agree to stop shipping their fentanyl and killing a hundred thousand Americans, which Canada isn't doing. So is Donald Trump setting up for yet another fake deal to take credit for just imaginary things that aren't happening so he can get the propaganda headlines that he want? Ooh, Donald Trump made a deal, but in reality it's just the status quo. 'cause he doesn't know what the heck he is doing. Let's go over the facts folks. So right here, I wanna show you this clip. First, it's Canada's Minister of Foreign Affairs, Melanie Jolly. And here she says, what Canada should do is coordinate a joint response with our EU allies with Canada's EU allies to retaliate against Donald Trump.


Here, watch this. It's Clear that we have to be extremely pragmatic when it comes to working with Europeans and also with with Britain on, with the uk on this, president Trump has referred to U using tariffs against the world in the context of the electoral campaign. And so that's why we know that in many European capitals and also in the uk, the conversation is ongoing on how to deal in terms of retaliation and what could be different responses to tariffs. So that's why it is important for us to be able to talk to these different foreign ministers.


It is my job to coordinate that, the response. And not only that, we have a very important free trade agreement with Europe and we want to continue to make sure that Canadians and Canadian businesses can benefit from it. Strong words by Melanie Jolly. Now that follows a meeting with the prime minister of Denmark, Metta, f Fredrickson and European Union leaders as well, and European leaders as well, like Macron and others and the, the chancellor of Germany as well. And they all agreed that they were going to coordinate a response. Even Fran said that they could provide military weapons and their, and military aid and troops to Greenland to help Denmark if there was an invasion by the United States.


Now I want you to take a look at this 'cause this is how CNN interviewed Canada's ambassador to the US and what you'll notice about how CNN and Jake Tapper kind of framed the issue. They're like, well, Columbia backed down. So do you think Canada's gonna give into Donald Trump's threats? And back down like Columbia, I'm gonna show you the clip. But Columbia didn't back down. Columbia preserved the status quo. They didn't want military jets treating migrants like trash and sending them in that way. Columbia was fine with what President Biden was doing. So Donald Trump created this threat, this trade war that was about to take place.


And then Donald Trump claimed he made a deal and he said Columbia submitted. Columbia gave in and they liked it. Look what Columbia did, but nothing changed. That's part of Donald Trump being a con artist, a weapon of mass distraction to try to take our minds away from the havoc and chaos that he's creating and to claim victories that aren't real victories. Just making them up. I just want you to be aware of the hustle. 'cause corporate media ain't reporting it this way, but this is what happening. So here's Canada's ambassador, but notice how Jake Tapper asks the question, We saw Trump's tariff threats work on Columbia. Hmm. They agreed to accept deportees in the face of potential 25%.


Tariffs. Canada and Mexico are, are much larger trading partners. Of course. How do you see what happened with Columbia? Do you think it will change how Canada negotiates given the fact that Trump basically renegotiated something by tweet? Yeah, I mean, Canada's relationship with the United States is, is our relationship with the United States. It is the most integrated two economies in the world, the longest border in the world. We're your biggest customer. We buy more from the United States than any other country on the planet. So we have a quite a different profile. We're deep security and partners. We're working together in the Arctic, we're working together against common adversaries. We're a strategic partner on goods that are otherwise only available from China or Russia.


So we have a, a lot of things to talk about and a lot of partnerships to, to work on. So I guess the answer to your question is it's a different kind of relationship and I think one could expect perhaps the response to be much more multifaceted. Alright, so now I wanna share with you the confirmation hearing of Trump's commerce. Secretary pick Howard Lutnick. Now, Howard Lutnick basically said, look, Canada and Mexico, they can avoid tariffs before Saturday's deadline. They just gotta stop killing a hundred thousand Americans, which they're not. You wanna know where Fentanyl mostly comes from China, and you wanna know where else it comes from, from America where 99% of the deaths are occurring are from Americans taking these synthetic drugs.


That's what is happening. It is a serious issue within America that states in America should be dealing with, that we should be funding that we should be properly educating people on and we should be addressing, but which Trump and Maga want to scapegoat as they defund all of these programs to try to help it. They wanna scapegoat in another countries. So Howard Lutnick saying, look, if these countries just give in, here's what's going to happen. We, we, we may not impose those tariffs. What's really happening is that Howard Lutnick, who is a Wall Street banker, one of Trump's billionaire, he's a billionaire, billionaire, oligarchs. They know if Trump imposes the tariffs, just look how the threat of tariffs on Columbia has harmed the American economy and how coffee prices are up significantly and gas prices are going up and how prices are going up in general.


If that happened with Columbia, imagine a trade war with Canada, Mexico, and the European Union. So Trump and Lutnick need to save face. They're scared of a united Europe, Canada, Mexico, they didn't see that happening. So now they need to figure out a way to save face. Now Canada may help them save face. Certainly Canadian media is trying to help Trump save face. You notice some of the headlines in Canadian media Canada launches fentanyl crackdown to convince Trump tariffs aren't necessary. That's how you're reporting at CBC. We need to convince Donald Trump that we won't kill Americans anymore.


That Canada isn't doing that. Okay? It's a, it's built on a foundation of lies. So it's ridiculous that that's how Canada's reporting it. But will Trump not give it? Will, will we submit to Donald Trump? I mean, that reporting right there is pathetic in my opinion as well. Let me show you what Lutnick said. Let's play this clip. So the the big tariff view is going to be studied and the president launched that in an executive order where he asked the commerce department and the USTR to study the tariff model. Long term, the short term issue is illegal migration. And worse, even still fentanyl coming into this country and killing over a hundred thousand Americans.


There's no war we could have that would kill a hundred thousand Americans. The president is focused on ending fentanyl coming into the country. You know that the labs in Canada are run by Mexican cartels. So the this tariff model is simply to shut their borders with respect, respect America. If we are your biggest trading partner, show us the respect. Shut your border and end fentanyl coming into this country. So it is not a tariff per se, it is an action of domestic policy. Shut your border and stop allowing fentanyl into our country, killing our people.


So this is a separate tariff to create action from Mexico and action from Canada. And as far as I know, they are acting swiftly and if they execute it, there will be no tariff. And if they don't, then there will be. But it's an action oriented model. That's not it. The ordinary tariff, the ordinary tariffs need to be studied and examined, and that will start as the EO said in a big macro issues with tariff are being studied, but the micro issue is Canada and Mexico and the precursors from China. They need to end and we need to protect our Americans from Fentanyl and our trading partners in Canada and Mexico.


They should end it and stop disrespecting us and allowing this come through our borders.


As some of you may know, my wife and I just welcomed our beautiful baby daughter into the world. And so my New Year's resolution was to draft a will and trust and will makes creating a will very easy, like lounging on your couch. Easy. I knew I had to get it done and it was important that we did it the right way. And you can get 10% off your will when you go to trust and will.com/midas. That's trust and will.com/midas. It's super easy to do. It gives me the peace of mind that my assets and other things are being dealt with appropriately. My family's now prepared and protected. I can manage my will online and look, I'm ensuring that my family and loved ones avoid lengthy, expensive legal proceedings or even have the state deciding what happens to my assets. And you may know this, I mean, I'm a former practicing lawyer, so I dealt with lots of documents before and complicated ones. This is not complicated. It's a simple step-by-step process that guides you from start to finish one question at a time. You'll save loved ones the time and stress by having all your documents in one place. They've got live customer support available through phone and chat and email, and it's got an overall rating of excellent with thousands of five star reviews on Trustpilot. It's used by hundreds of thousands of families and counting. It's a valid, legally recognizable will. It's great. Here's what you gotta do. Check one of your goals off early this year with trust and will protect what matters most in minutes@trustandwill.com slash Midas and get 10% off free shipping. That's 10% off and free shipping@trustandwill.com slash midas. That's trust and will.com/midas get 10% off plus free shipping.


Now, this is from Donald Trump's press conference that he held yesterday where he basically said, look, Columbia submitted, they liked it. I told them you take him back and like it, it's just Donald Trump projecting to be a fake strongman and he's really, really weak. Here. Play this clip. You probably read about Columbia two days ago. They said, no, we're not taking him. And they said, we're gonna take him, you're gonna take him, you're gonna like it too. You're gonna take him. And by the way, with how horrible of a job Hegseth is doing already, Donald Trump's posting this recruiting numbers are up.


The army now is scheduled to meet its goals. All woke base names are gone. Fort Liberty, back to Fort Bragg. Trump's saying like the military's perfect, that he fixed everything in 24 hours. And then he makes posts like I made, like he, he pretends he made it rain in California. Let there be water. That's what he's posting. I mean, you know, we're talking about a real sicko here, but let's be real about the facts, about what's happening. And by the way, I hope there aren't tariffs. If, if Canada wants to pretend they made a fake deal with Donald Trump and Mexico claims they made a fake deal with Donald Trump and there are no tariffs.


I mean, I'll ask you, do you think that that's a, you know, a net win to make, to have fake deals? And then Donald Trump doesn't impose the tariffs and then he makes social media posts that say they submitted. I, I mean, I'll let you, I'll let you answer that. It, it's just incredibly bizarre and brazen and strange. But I want you to know what the hustle is here. And while now Americans are suffering under his policies while prices are going up, he can't solve the war in Ukraine. And you see how our media reports that like Jake Tapper, well, Columbia backed down. What? What are you talking about? They did none of that. But now you know the facts. We're gonna arm you with the truth here at the Midas Touch Network with the objective data.


So check out midas plus.com for more. You could check that out. Thank you SnapStream for some of those clips right there. We appreciate it. That's how we help clip our stuff. And thanks for watching. Have a good one. Can't Get enough. Midas, check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast Right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.