
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock. Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


How about listening to the sounds of Istanbul? Beautiful, isn't it? But you can't discover the coolest city in the world just by listening. Check istanbul dot go turkey.com now and plan your Istanbul trip today.


Behind the bright lights and adrenaline of pro sports is an equally exciting world of negotiations and deal Making. That's what we cover each week on our podcast. The Deal. I'm Alex Rodriguez, former baseball player turned business Executive And. I'm Jason Kelly, chief correspondent for Bloomberg. Originals. Over. the next couple months we'll hear from all stars like Jay Williams. I wanna be an owner one day? Billie Jean, King Learn the Business and so many more Listen to the deal on Spotify.


10 years from today, Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses. Lisa's taking now with A A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does and she can finally run with the big dogs and the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.


Ford Pro Fin Simple offers flexible financing solutions for all kinds of businesses, whether you're an electrician or run an organic farm Because We know that your business demands financing that works when you need it. Like when your landscaping company lands a new account. Wherever you see your business headed. Ford Pro Fin Simple can help you pursue it with financing solutions today. Get started at ford pro.com/financing.


Canadians are furious at Donald Trump's threats of blanket tariffs of 25% to be imposed on Canada on day one. Whether you are from the liberal party, conservative party, or NDP Party, the new Democratic Party in Canada, I think all parties are absolutely livid at this. Emergency meetings are being scheduled right now in Canada. You have leaders of the conservative party like Doug Ford, the premier of Ontario, saying that he feels absolutely betrayed. His exact words were, it's like a family member stabbing you in the heart. And Doug Ford, one of the conservative party leaders in Canada, again, he's the premier of Ontario.


You know, he's been saying all these positive things about Donald Trump back in 2016. He said his support of Donald Trump was unwavering. And what's interesting is the conservative party in Canada has been kind of parroting a lot of that MAGA populist esque type message, but now they feel absolutely betrayed. But let me just show you the overall pissed off reaction by Canadians across the board, feeling betrayed by their neighbors right now. But specifically it's also the language that Donald Trump used, and we saw that with Mexico as well with Claudia Scheinbaum response to Donald Trump, the president of Mexico.


I mean Trump's saying that our neighbors are drug dealers and they're the ones bringing Fentanyl. And when in fact about 88% of the fentanyl that comes into the United States are coming from Americans. In addition, Americans represent about 99.9% of the consumers of synthetic drugs. So take a look right here. This is an exchange yesterday between Jagmeet Singh, the leader of the new Democratic Party and the Prime Minister of Canada, Justin Trudeau. Let's play this clip right here. Donald Trump's threats of tariffs could threaten hundreds of thousands of Canadian mortgage paying jobs.


The only thing a bully responds to is strength. So where's our plan to fight back? Where is the war room? Where is a concrete plan to bring our issue before Cosma? Why isn't the prime Minister fighting like hell for Canadian jobs? Here, here, here, Here. The speaker rather than panicking, we're engaging in constructive ways to protect Canadian jobs like we have before. I don't think the idea of going to war with the United States is what anyone wants. What we will Now here is the Deputy Prime Minister Christia Freeland of Canada saying, let me be clear, we will impose retaliatory tariffs against the United States if they go and do this to us here in Canada.


Take a listen to this. Let's play the clip. Let me be clear. In imposing these tariffs, the United States has taken the absurd decision to harm its own people at a time when its economy is suffering. The deepest crisis since the Great Depression, any American who buys a can of beer or of soda or a car or a bike will suffer. In fact, the very washing machines manufactured at the Whirlpool Plant where the President made his announcement yesterday will become more expensive for Americans and less competitive with machines produced elsewhere in the world as a result of these tariffs.


Now here is the response from the premier of Ontario, dug Ford and Doug Ford. This statement too is, is just kind of tinge with some things that are just, in my view, also inappropriate. But Doug Ford goes, how dare they compare us to Mexicans. We're not Mexicans here in in Canada. I feel betrayed. Listen to what the conservative leader, the premier of Ontario has to say Here, play this clip. What I found unfair about the comments is to compare us to Mexico. And I can tell you, Canada is no Mexico. We do approximately just Ontario alone.


$500 billion of two way trade. I found his comments unfair. I found him insulting. It's like a family member stabbing you right in the heart. And just a reminder here, this is Doug Ford back in 2016 saying that his support for Donald Trump would be unwavering. Let's play this clip. Are You still a supporter of Donald Trump? Absolutely. I wouldn't waver like the G P's wavering. I wouldn't waver. Here is Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau talking about the phone call that he had with Donald Trump.


And again, you see Justin Trudeau here trying to be productive about this. But you could obviously see that he's holding back. This is, as some people have told me, the Canadian way of saying there there's gonna be some real problems with the United States. Here play this clip. I had a good call with Donald Trump last night. Again, we obviously talked about LA out the facts, talking about how, how the intense and effective connections between our two countries flow back and forth. We talked about some of the challenges that we can work on together. It was a good call.


It's it's, this is something that we can do laying out the facts moving forward in constructive ways. This is a relationship that we know takes a certain amount of working on and that's what we'll do. One of the really important things is that we'd be all pulling together on this. The Team Canada approach is what works. That's where, putting aside partisanship, that's where I reached out immediately to Doug Ford to agree with him that we would have a First Minister's meeting this week to talk about the United States talk with Fela Go and some other premiers as well. There's work to do, but we know how to do it.


Alright, let's get real. Who decided that wearing stiff Uncomfortable pants was the key to looking good? Seriously, every year I dread holiday events because looking sharp always came with a side of discomfort, but not anymore. This year I'm giving myself the gift of comfort and style with Public Rec Day Maker Pants. These pants are a game changer. They feel like your favorite sweats, but look like tailored dress pants. I'm talking super stretchy, breathable fabric with an elastic waistband. Whether I'm lounging during a holiday movie marathon demolishing leftovers, or let's be honest, surviving that awkward holiday party day maker pants have me covered. Give the gift of comfort to yourself or someone you love this holiday season with Public Rec Day Maker Pants. And for a limited time, you can get 20% off your entire order with code Midas at Public Rec dot com. That's 20% off when you use promo code Midas MEIDAS at Public Rec dot com. I've been wearing Public Rec Day Maker pants nonstop since they showed up at my door. And let me tell you, they are everything they promised to be. I took them on a recent trip and not only were they ridiculously comfortable, but they also kept me looking sharp enough for both travel days and dinners out. I've had friends ask, where'd you get those pants? And when I tell them they're as comfy as sweats, they are blown away. The best part, public Ts you pick your exact size, none of that small, medium, large nonsense. I got my perfect fit. And now I'm wondering why all pants are not made this way. Plus, with 10 colors to choose from, like navy, stone, gray and dark olive, there is something for every style. These pants are made from a proprietary blend of performance material so they're breathable, stretchy, and hold their shape no matter what. And while the day maker pants are the star of the show, Public Rec has a ton of other wardrobe essentials, polos, hoodies, shorts, you name it. You could basically redo your whole closet with this brand. I mean. I'm currently wearing my Public Rec shirt and pants. I really can't get enough of it. Stop suffering in regular pants and give the gift of comfort this holiday season for a limited time only. Our listeners get 20% off When you use Code Midas at checkout, that's 20% off with the code Midas MEIDAS at Public Rec dot com. After you purchase, they'll ask where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them we sent you say goodbye to pants that put up a fight. Because when comfort meets style, you have found Public Rec Sharid you.


This account here, Dan g Twos goes for eight years. Doug Ford has told us his admiration and support of Donald Trump In 2016. He said his support of Trump would be unwavering. I showed you that clip right there. Now he says that Trump is the greatest threat to Ontario and Canada. How are we supposed to ever trust Doug Ford's judgment again? And as Stefano Babar writes, Doug Ford is a perfect example of how conservatives he goes are inferior to liberals and all things economic. This short video has Ford seem like he's disgusted at Mexicans.


He goes, how dare we be compared to Mexicans? I mean you saw that clip right there and right here. Here is the leader of the Conservative party who many have actually compared to like Canada's budding Donald Trump. This is Pierre Puler, the leader of the Conservative Party in Canada. And, and here he is also basically saying that these are completely unjustified tariffs. The statements by Donald Trump are completely unjustified. Let's, let's take a look at what he says here. Play This clip. The United States is the greatest economic and military superpower in the history of the world.


And they are our neighbor. The US is responsible for $1.2 trillion of our trade. We trade almost twice as much with the Americans as we trade with the rest of the world. Combined trade with the US is 40% of our economy. President Trump yesterday made an unjustified threat of a 25% tariff on our already weak and shrinking economy. Justin Trudeau and Christia Freeland were surprised.


Amazingly, everyone else knew something like this could be coming because President Trump had been talking about it for years on the campaign trail. Yet 20 days ago, Christia Freeland said, don't worry, Canada will be fine. Apparently neither she nor Justin Trudeau were following what the incoming president was saying, Showing you what's going on in the United States. Here is Judge Janine Pirro on Fox and And I just want to show you the, like the, the derision and the hate that you know, these right wing Americans have for, for Canada. Canada is a major trading partner with the United States.


And by the way, I know about all the Canadians who support Thein Touch network. We've got a huge Canadian following here. So to pick this fight with Mexico, your United States' literal biggest trading partner is Mexico, and then also Canada. Its other top trading partner. And then to use the social media post language that Donald Trump did and accused make accusations against them when in fact like America's exporting, you know, all these unlawful weapons to these countries. Here's what Judge Janine Pirro says on Fox play this clip Is that we get 60% of our crude oil from Canada. Alright? Now, if the United States is going to be energy independent, again, we have an even tougher negotiating stance with Canada because we're not gonna need as much of that crude oil when we start doing our own dance here.


And As this account at the transit guy, Hayden says, you've gotta admit a majority of the country Americans voting for a man because the price of goods are too high only for him to, in Christ prices on his first day in office has to be regarded as one of the greatest social experiments of all time. Here is actually a good segment, short clip, I'll show you from CNN right here of the panelists saying like, you all realize that America relies on Canada also for oil, lumber, cement and, and all these other supplies that go into American assembly lines and American factories. So we are taxing ourselves here.


They're gonna do retaliatory tariffs. So we're just gonna screw ourselves here. watch this. If you voted for Trump because you thought he was gonna bring down the cost of housing, a lot of our lumber, cement other materials comes from Canada, which means that construction costs are going to go up. Not to mention all of the ways he's going to the US auto industry, because a lot of autos cross borders in North America multiple times before they're ultimately finished and sold to consumers. Not to mention the fact that a lot of US manufacturers purchase inputs, intermediate goods like metals and cement and other things from Canada, from Mexico, and not to mention even the retaliation that we should expect, all of which is going to be very bad for consumers.


Not to mention again, many of the US workers that Trump allegedly wants to help. What about to Keith? Now, I did a whole other video right here about Mexico and their president, Claudia Scheinbaum and Claudia Scheinbaum also suggesting that there would be retaliatory tariffs. And the exact language that she used is that there are pain points and if there's gonna be pain, there will be mutual pain. And she referenced in her letter to Donald Trump about how General Motors, Ford, stellantis have factories in Mexico, and again, Mexico being the United States biggest trade partner, the produce that comes in from Mexico, you know, and, and, and also Claudia Scheinbaum and her party.


They've done actually a, a very good job boosting and promoting Mexico's economy. And so that's why I think it was very unfair when Doug Ford also was like, his response was, how dare you compare us to your other neighbor Mexico. Look, Mexico's thriving right now. Mexico's doing well. And Mexico has its own processes and systems to deal with immigration because people come through Mexico from other South American countries to get into the United States. And so Donald Trump picking these fights against his neighbors I mean we're seeing, you know, the, the fallout already. That's the, that social media post attacking your closest allies.


It's shameful. Just showed it to you right there. So you can see for yourself. Thanks for watching this. Oh, let just show you these other, these, these other headlines about Doug Ford. Ford says, Trump's tariff threat like a family member stabbing you in the back. He calls Trump's tariff plans the biggest threat we've ever seen. Doug Ford says Canada would've no choice but to retaliate against Donald Trump's 25% tariff. The premier also noted that Ontario alone is the largest single trading partner of 17 United States. And this is from the New Republic. Even Canada's right wing, which has been kind of mimicking a lot of that MAGA language, they're stunned by Trump's extreme tariff threat. So there you have it all.


It's let's get to 4 million. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.