
Well, Donald Trump sure knew how to unite Canada against him and against the United States in Ottawa, in an unprecedented showing of unity, you had the premiers with the Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau, all joining together and talking about things like retaliatory tariffs and how to hit back hard against the United States when Donald Trump imposes 25% tariffs across the board. Now, even conservative Premier of Ontario, Doug Ford was actually one of the people leading the charge. Now, Doug Ford previously said that his support of Donald Trump and MAGA was unwavering.


He said that during the first Trump administration, but now he's wearing a new hat, quite literally saying that Canada will never be America. Let me show you what he said about retaliatory tariffs as he was next to Prime Minister Trudeau and the other premiers of the various provinces. Let's play it. Well, We also need to learn more about, about where the government's retaliatory tariffs. I'm a, I'm a strong believer in retaliatory tariffs. You, you can't let someone hit you over the head with a sledgehammer without hitting him back twice as, twice as hard, in my opinion.


So you see right there, the hat he's wearing now, Canada is not for sale in a press conference that he gave shortly thereafter in Ottawa. Here is what he had to say Here, play this clip And that. But nothing is more important than standing united. Nothing's more important than keeping every tool in our toolbox, no matter if it's energy or other commodities, high grade nickel from Ontario, great aluminum from Quebec, you know, potash from Saskatchewan. And these are the, these are the tools that we have. You don't negotiate through weakness. You negotiate through strength.


And these are the tools that we need to move forward and make sure that we have tough retaliatory tariffs to, to defend coun, the, the country. Now, I thought this was a powerful moment of this meeting between Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, that's at the federal level, prime Minister Trudeau from the liberal party, and then you had the premier of Ontario, Doug Ford and the other premiers who are there at the provincial level, kinda like the governors, if you will, from our, my American counterparts in Canada. And here's what Doug Ford says. He goes, look, you're never gonna see in America what you're seeing here right now in Canada.


You're never gonna go and see in the Oval Office Democrats and Republicans uniting with Trump to attack Canada. He goes, we are uniting here to fight back against Trump's threats no matter what party he is. He goes, whether you're the green party, NDP, orange party, liberal Party, conservative party, you name it, bq, whatever, we are uniting against Trump. And this is a power. This is a powerful move from someone who used to be very favorable to Trump. Listen to what he says here, play this clip. Political Parties sitting down and we have a robust conversation. We may agree or disagree, but we're coming out united. I can tell you, spending a lot of time in the US you would never see a group of Democrats and Republicans sitting here collaboratively.


I promise you one thing, president Trump's office is a whole bunch of Democrats and Republicans saying, how can we attack Canada? It's not happening. We have the greatest country, we have the greatest elected officials, the greatest democracy in the world that we can sit here from one extreme to the other extreme to in the middle. And I have always said, I don't care about political stripes. I don't care if you're from the orange party, the blue party, or the red party. We're gonna be united. We're Canadian, we're gonna get this done. Now, one of the things though that, that Doug Ford pointed out as well, and I'll show you these clips here as well, is that there was one of the premieres of Alberta, Danielle Smith, who humiliated herself a total disgraceful move.


She went to Mar-a-Lago trying to divide and conquer against the other provinces in Canada. She was trying to cut a side deal with Donald Trump, just for Alberta, the oil industry there, and her people to screw over the other provinces. So she's someone who Donald Trump's trying to use to divide and conquer. But get this, first off, she told the press that she was going on vacation with her husband, and then it turns out that she was actually at Mar-a-Lago. But when she re oh, and then she was hanging out with Kevin O'Leary and far right wing podcaster, Jordan Peterson, it was, oh, you mil, embarrassing, pathetic. Then when she returned, it was more pathetic because not only did she not get a deal, but Donald Trump told her, go pound sand, get the hell outta here, essentially.


And so she then said, actually, he's gonna do 25% tariffs on us, and he is gonna do it to everything, including crude oil. No one's exempt. Yeah, duh. That's what we tried to tell you before. You made a fool of yourself going there. Ridiculous. So this is from this meeting though, where you have Doug Ford, you have Prime Minister Trudeau. Let me share with you what goes on here first, let me play this clip. Let's play it. You Know, Donald Trump is a brilliant negotiator. That's what he's done his whole life. That's exactly what he's done. And he's sitting there with a big smile on his face thinking, wow, I'm gonna divide and conquer.


Remember one thing, United, we stand divided we fall. We need to be united. Now, Here's another clip of Ford. Let's play It. I understand Danielle Smith is, is posted online, her, her sort of reaction to this and why she sign the communicate saying she can't support what's going on today because the idea is still being floated about putting an export tariff on our, our oil and gas. So what's your reaction to that? Why were you unable to bring her on board with this Object that Well, you know, that that's, that's what's unique about our group. You know, everyone has their interests at heart. And I, and I respect Premier Smith, I respect that she's concerned about protecting her energy, and that's her choice.


That is her choice. But I have a little different theory. I have a different theory that protect your jurisdiction. But country comes first. Canada's a priority. And I don't believe in jeopardizing one sector or another. Premier Smith's oil is Ontario's auto sector, right? So a again, we all have different views and we can respect each other's views, but at the end of the day, when the tariffs come, it's gonna affect Albertans. It's gonna affect people from BC and Saskatchewan, and Manitoba, Ontario, Quebec, all the way down the road.


No one's exempt from that. And I all, I believe in, you know, if it comes to that, let's, let's have the tools in our toolbox to react, to send a strong message. But it's not, it's not gonna be all of a sudden one province or one territory. He is exempt on this. When the, when Donald Trump comes at us, he's not gonna say, well, let's, let's not worry about Ontario. They're good people or, or Alberta. He's coming full tilt at Canadians.


This Episode of the Midas Touch Podcast is brought to you by Wildgrain. Wildgrain is the first bake from frozen subscription box for artisanal breads, pastries, and pastas. Wild grains boxes are fully customizable to your taste and dietary restrictions. In addition to their classic variety box, they recently launched a new gluten free box and a plant-based box that is 100% vegan. Best of all, they take the hassle out of baking since all items bake from frozen in 25 minutes or less with no mess or cleanup. Now my personal experience with Wildgrain has been incredible. I wouldn't steer you wrong. It's super convenient and all the products are high quality and super fresh. I cannot say enough good things about Wildgrain, and I know that you're gonna love them as much as I do. Are you ready to bring all your favorite carbs right to your doorstep? Be sure to check out Wildgrain so you can begin building your own box for artisanal breads, pastas, and pastries. For a limited time, Wildgrain is offering our listeners $30 off the first box PLUS free Croissants in every box when you go to Wildgrain dot com slash Midas to start your subscription.


Finally, here's Prime Minister Trudeau. Let's play it. The Incoming American president specifically and has explicitly targeted one industry in Canada, one sector of the economy. And it's not the Alberta oil industry, it's the Ontario Auto Sector. It's an auto PAC that has been incredibly successful for 50 years in building cars on both sides of the border. That benefits both Canadians and Americans. That's the target. But you don't hear Doug saying, oh, no matter what, we gotta protect the audience. Yes, he does say that, but it's not at the expense of everything else. He's just pointed out that he's a Canadian first as much as he's passionate about Ontario.


And I think that's something that we all share across, across this table of saying, you know what the interest of this country means. We're gonna have to look at everything we can and we'll make sure that it's fair across the country, but nothing can be off the table if the US continues to choose to move forward with these punishing tariffs on both Canadians and Americans. Again, this is an Ottawa unprecedented unity here. We're seeing from these Canadian leaders to fight back against America, to fight back against Trump. And look on day one, Trump does 25% tariffs on Canada and Mexico and Europe.


They're gonna hit us fricking hard here in America. I mean, Trump, literally, all he has to do is just coast on Biden's economy right now. He could play golf and, and just take credit for things. That's all he had to do. He's not gonna do that. He's gonna implement his idiotic tariffs, have trade wars against our allies. They're going to retaliate. Our industries are gonna suffer here. Then he is gonna go, oh, wait a minute. So you're telling me tariffs are in taxes on them? They're actually taxes on our own country. And then what's he gonna do? He's gonna have to give government handouts to these various industries to try to prop them up after their markets are shut down internationally.


And then what's gonna happen? The debt's gonna balloon. We've seen this story before in Trump administration won with not the same level of tariffs, and he wants to do that on day one. We'll keep you posted every step of the way. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers, and I'm glad you like that. Our Canadian coverage is increasing here. Keep, keep watching for more. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.