(1s):
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going, cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.

(23s):
Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top Podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite Podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com.

(1m 2s):
Today I'm joined by Jug me Singh, member of the House of Commons and leader of the NDP in the House of Commons. We've got a lot going on in Canada. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau from the Liberal Party just announced his resignation. His government was held together by an alliance tenuous one with the NDP. Mr. Singh, you had called for his resignation a few weeks later. He did indeed resign. First and foremost, I wanna welcome you to the Midas Touch Network. We had some other NDP members on, but welcome. Thank you so much. I'm ex honored and excited to be here. Thanks so much.

(1m 42s):
You know, when Donald Trump was elected and he first started attacking Canada, there was a lot of confusion, I think, within Canada about how to respond, but not from you. You immediately responded right away and said, you will not bully us. And after that I thought it gave others the confidence. 'cause you're seeing it now with a lot of other politicians out there in Canada who are saying that. But Donald Trump has been relentless. Just yesterday he made the following post as well, once again, referring to Canada as the 51st state. And he said that Canadians would love for Canada to be the 51st state and that this is something that they want.

(2m 27s):
What a great nation it would be, essentially if the United States conquers Canada. I wanna get your response to that. For those who don't know you too, you got a background in jujitsu, you went to law school, you got a, you got a great story that we'll get into a little bit later as well. But one standing up to Trump in the first place, but two, your overall reaction to this barrage of threats from the United States, from Trump, specifically, not all of us against Canada. Well, I would say, first off, Donald Trump is acting more like an internet troll than a president of the United States. I don't think that's the way you act as a president.

(3m 7s):
And it's certainly not the way you interact with other countries. But as I mentioned, I I, I, I've dealt with bullies throughout my life and I know what it's like. Even if you're the smaller guy, even if you're outnumbered, you gotta make it not worth the police. While police only understand strength, they only understand strength and pain. So you have to make sure you're standing up and showing that if you take a, if you want to take that decision to fight with us, to pick a fight with us, it's gonna hurt you too. And so I wanna issue a challenge actually on your show today. For anyone that's running for Prime Minister, I've committed that Canada would respond with retaliatory tariffs. If po, if Trump imposes tariffs on Canada, we should respond with tariffs.

(3m 48s):
That's how you respond to a bully. You gotta strong respond with strength. So my challenge is for anyone else out there who's running to become Prime Minister, I want you to also commit so that Donald Trump knows that anyone in Canada who gets that position will respond with a tariff, with tariffs in kind fighting fire with fire showing that we're ready to stand up to a bully. You know, you have this Maple MAGA thing going on in Canada as it's been referred to, embodied in the Conservative party there, led by their opposition leader, Pierre Pev. You know, Pierre Pev recently went on this far right wing podcast by Jordan Peterson, where he seemed to mock all of the social programs in Canada from healthcare to dental to PhRMA, and started saying it's a way that distribution goes from people who don't have a lot of money to the people in power.

(4m 47s):
In other words that the social programs in Canada are benefiting the wealthiest and not the people. It seems to be the message that he was spewing on Jordan Peterson and before, and you've confronted him about this. You know, he seems to be someone who's more supportive of our failed healthcare system here in the United States. Let me just show this brief portion of that interview from the Jordan Peterson podcast. The fact that he was on that podcast to me says a lot in and of itself. But what he said, you know, I thought was horrifying as an American, I wonder what, you know, Canadians think about this. Let's play this clip. Oh, there's socialist policies that provide goods and services to, to Canadians, let's say, or Denis of other countries by printing money, actually punish the poor brutally.

(5m 35s):
Oh, absolutely. In consequence of the inflation that they generate. Yes. I mean all, all the socialist policies in practice take redistribute from the working class to the super wealthy in practice. What's your response to him being on that show, what he said on that show, and what's your message to Canadians? Especially as we're in this pro rogue period, and I assume there'll be elections, you know, sometime after March. Yeah, the swimming is gonna be election soon. First of all, it's ridiculous what he is saying, but, but let's be really clear what he's saying. He is, he has said this again and again. So he is making the case to cut healthcare. He is saying that we need to privatize and cut everything in our country.

(6m 18s):
He is saying that healthcare is bad. He is saying that dental care is bad. He is saying that pensions are bad, that employment insurance, what he is saying is all the things that actually help out the working class are bad and he's gonna cut them. So for someone in Canada right now, you know, back to the question of why we don't want to be part of the states. I can assure you Canadians don't want the American style system, where if you get a heart attack or, or God forbid, you get a cancer diagnosis, you end up going bankrupt. That never happens in Canada. You do not go bankrupt for a, for an illness In Canada, we see, we see we've got protections in place. If someone loses their job, there's employment insurance.

(6m 60s):
So you get a little bit of support so you can get back on your feet and find a new job. You get some income supports. He wants to cut that seniors in Canada get a pension. You spend your life here, you get a pension at the end of the day, and that pension is stable, it's solid. I think it should be higher, but there is a pension and seniors rely on it. He came out and said he wanted to cut that one of his first ideas. So for Canadians listening, know that pure poly, the conservatives want to cut the things that you need. It's gonna hurt you. And the only ones that it benefits to cut healthcare is a super rich to cut. Pensions is a super rich that benefit from that. Pensions help the working class, not having pensions benefits those who are super rich, but it hurts the workers, it hurts the working class.

(7m 44s):
And so what he's proposing is to hurt working class people is to hurt middle class people. And I want Canadians to know I'm gonna fight back against that. I'm gonna fight tooth and nail to protect the things that we have and make them better, make them stronger. You know, before Trump won the election and started doing all of these threats against Canada, and frankly, even before Prime Minister Trudeau resigned, if I were to even talk to some of my Canadian buddies, somewhat off the record or just as friends, you know, they would think though, you know, look, it's, it's likely that this guy's gonna win Pierre Pev. And, and there seem to be, I don't want to call it defeatist 'cause I don't wanna project an America centric view of my conversations with Canadians, but there seemed to be a fate accompli that, that we were, that can Canada's just gonna be pulled into this Maple MAGA thing.

(8m 36s):
And that inevitably that's where it's being just drawn into. And I would say, but I just spoke to jug me Singh, and he's saying, this guy's so clearly articulating things that to me would go against foundational principles in Canada. So, so what am I missing here as an Amer? Are people really gonna vote for this guy? Do people, I've seen this guy speak on the house floor. He's obnoxious. He gets kicked out. He, you know, he's, he seems to be everything that cuts against my American view of Canada. So, so why, what do you think's gonna happen? I mean, can this guy be stopped? Can the conservative party truly, you know, truly be stopped after this prorogue period ends?

(9m 19s):
Yes. Yes. And I, and I wanna, this is an important thing. 'cause I think you're right. I think there are some people that are losing hope and people that are feeling like, you know, what can I do? And, and that sense of helplessness might be setting in for some folks. So I want to speak directly to those folks. When you are feeling worried, deeply worried, maybe afraid that pr poly labs is gonna cut the things that you believe in. Cut healthcare, cut pensions. That dental care program that I fought for that brought in over a million people, were able to get their teeth fixed. Millions of people are, are signed up to this program. He wants to cut that as well. For folks that are worried and maybe afraid of Pierre Paul and the conservatives, I want you to know that we are building a movement that for folks that are afraid of the, of the conservatives and people who feel let down by the liberals, you feel let down because the liberals promised to do things and they said they were gonna get things done and they didn't do it.

(10m 13s):
So you feel let down by the liberals, stand with us. We are building a movement and together we can fight and we can win. You know, while Pierre Pev is ahead of the polls, it's a serious challenge. He's at 40%, that means 60% of Canadians still don't want it. If we come together, if we organize together, if we fight, we can win. And I know Canadians believe in a universal healthcare system. They believe in our system, they want it to be stronger. They don't want to see a cut. Well, Pierre Poly even wants to cut it. So anyone who wants to protect our healthcare system, join us. For anyone out there that thinks pensions should be there and should be even stronger, join us. We're fighting back to protect your pensions. So I wanna make that, that message to Canadians.

(10m 55s):
We are fighting back and for the first time in a decade, we have pulled ahead of the, the governing party. If we come together, we can fight back against conservatives. We can stop them from cutting the things that you believe in and you love so dearly. You know, one of the things you see with far right wing movements internationally, same thing here in the US probably Canada, you know, everywhere is this divide and conquer approach though, because they can use wedge issues to divide people. The sometimes the default ends up being picking really flawed and harmful people who are actually attacking you. So I I I, I see you on Canadian media appearances, and often you get asked the question, which is basically like, well, you know, what, what could the NDPB doing here?

(11m 42s):
Is it forming alliances again with the liberal party? I mean, you've been asked, well look, you know, you've been, you called for Trudeau's resignation and to, and to basically disband the government that led to his, his resignation. Does that fall into the hands of the far right? Does that fall into the hands of Pierre Pev? And you get asked that a lot. So what, what's, and oftentimes you get cut off when you're trying to give your answer when I've been watching Canadian media. But if you can explain that, 'cause some people are saying, well, look, we don't want Pierre Pev, we didn't like Trudeau, but now what do we do? So what do you say to those people? You, you have to hear that a lot.

(12m 23s):
Yeah, no, for sure. We do, for sure. Well, I think, I think ultimately people right now are feeling like life has gotten worse. And I think this applied to the states as well. I think people are attributing a shift left right, to what is just, people looked at their lives and said at the end of, you know, four years in the states, nine years in Canada, that their life is worse off. It's more expensive to buy groceries, more expensive to find a home. Things are more costly. Salaries haven't kept up. People are really feeling squeezed. And they thought, you know what? This guy might make my life more affordable. And so I wanna make sure people know very clearly, if you are a working class person, if you are a middle class person, if you're a middle class family, that Pierre Paul is gonna cut things and make life even more expensive.

(13m 10s):
And if you think about the things that are actually driving up your cost of living, the cost of your groceries, well, Pierre Paul y his chief advisor, Jenny Bim, wildly known, that's his chief advisor. She runs a lobby firm and she's the chief lobbyist for the biggest corporate grocery store in Canada. So do you think she will let Paul Yev ever take on the greed of these big corporate grocery stores that are ripping you off? No, we know that the housing market in Canada is amazing for rich investors, big developers. They make lots of money in Canada. But it's not working for a working class family. It's not working for a senior, it's not working for a young person that graduates even with a good job.

(13m 51s):
They cannot find a hope. It's impossible. You think Pierre Poll is gonna fix that? Well, his chief advisor Jenny Bird, is also a, a chief lobbyist for the biggest corporate landlords in Canada. So they're not gonna fix the problems that you're up against. And so I would say to people, if you're worried about the cost of groceries, if you're worried about the cost of a home, if you're worried about building a good life, Pierre Poly is gonna do everything in his power to make it even harder for you to help out. As rich friends, we are committed to taking on those greedy CEOs. I'm committed to fighting back against folks that are ripping you off. I want to change the housing market. So it works for you for working class people, not for a rich investor, not for a developer, but it works for a family, it works for a young person, it works for a senior.

(14m 37s):
We can do these things. And my, my message is the way we do it is we come together. I know folks have voted different ways in the past. Maybe you voted liberal in the past, maybe you voted green party in the past. For people that are looking for some hope, I ask you to stand with me this time. Stand with us this time and together we can come together and fight back and we can win. You know, talking about the friends of Pierre Polio. Elon Musk seems to be amplifying the interview with Jordan Peterson and everything conservative party over and over again, you know, to see kind of foreign intervention in your elections.

(15m 20s):
So brazenly like this, I I I want to get your thoughts on that and your message to the Canadian people there. We're seeing this internationally though, right? I mean, we're seeing Elon Musk with the Reform party in the UK with the a FD in Germany. There's not a far right wing party that this guy, Elon Musk is not propping up e even more far right wing than even Nigel Farage is like, all right, you're getting a little too far there. Which, which tells you a lot. But it's that alliance that Musk is trying to create, right? With pev, A FD reform party maga and bring this together to help the billionaires and the, and the oligarchs.

(16m 4s):
Do I have that right or what's, what's your response as Canadians are seeing why, why is Elon Musk coming into Canada? Why, why, why is he messing with us? Yeah, it's a great point. I would break it into two parts. First part is who, who appeals to or who Elon Musk is working with, or who is he spending his time with? It is clear. He's on the side of billionaires, he's on the side of CEOs. I made the case that his chief advisor is also a chief lobbyist for the wealthiest corporations. While you also look at what Pierre Paleo has done in the past two years, he has met with over a hundred corporate lobbyists. He has spent his time with the wealthiest in Canada doing private fundraisers in multimillion dollar mansions.

(16m 46s):
So it's very clear who he is setting himself up with. He is on the side of the billionaires, he is on the side of those tech bro billionaires in Canada. And it's clear that Elon Musk falls in that same camp billionaires who want governments to make laws that benefit them, make them even more money and hurt the working class. So that's one side of it. And the second side of it is the foreign interference. Well, in Canada there was clear allegations of foreign interference brought by our RCMP, like the, the FBI and the states. R-S-R-R-C-M-P is the, the Federal Police Agency brought forward. And as well as our version of the CIA CSIS brought forward clear allegations of foreign interference directly touching the conservative party of Canada.

(17m 33s):
Not just the party, but also the leadership race in which PR PEV was selected. Despite that, knowing that he refused to get security clearance to review the documents and the information about the allegations of foreign interference. So foreign governments, foreign countries interfering in his party, specifically in his leadership race, specifically the allegations were they tried to support a favorite candidate. He refused to get the security clearance to learn about that. So he is no stranger to foreign interference. And I've said again and again, he has shown a willingness to put his party in front of the country. And I think ultimately when it comes down to it, you've gotta put your country first.

(18m 13s):
You gotta put the protection of the people of the country, the sanctity and the institutions of the country before your own party. And he has failed to do that. I think it disqualifies him as a candidate for Prime Minister. I think it clearly shows he does not have the right priorities or the moral certitude to do the right work here. Jagmeet, we've been speaking for about 17 minutes or so, and I, I, I want to introduce our audience though, to just who, who you are. Of course. I would love to have you on more in the future, but I'd love for people just to know your background. I mean, how do you go to lead the NDP your, your background was a very compelling story when I learned about it, so I'd love for you just very briefly to just, just share that story with, with our people here.

(18m 60s):
Yeah, sure, sure. It's, it's always a little bit embarrassing to, you know, talk about yourself too much. I got, my goal is to fight for the people, but I think it's always helpful to know a bit about, I guess who you, who you're trying to vote for or support. I was born in Canada, born in Toronto. My parents were immigrants from Punjab. My dad studied medicine and my mom studied education. She was a teacher. They came here and weren't able to, to get jobs in their field. My mom got a job as a clerk, entry level, minimum wage. My dad was working as a security guard while he was trying to pass his exams to get recognized. My family went through lots of ups and downs. My dad eventually was able to, to get a, a good position and, and did really well. And then he struggled with an addiction that really meant the home was an unstable place.

(19m 45s):
I took care of my kid brother when I went to university. So I was 20, my kid brother's 15, he came to live with me and it was a, a tough time. My dad got really sick and then I had to work multiple jobs, take care of my kid brother, while gonna school at the same time I got through school. I ended up gonna law school. I wrote a book that shared some of my, my set challenges. I, I'm a survivor of, of sexual abuse. When I was a kid, I took martial arts classes to protect me against bullying. And then I also suffered abuse there. So I really understand the, the plight of, of survivors and, and what that's like. I know what it's like to live with someone who you love and care for, but it's also someone that's addicted to substance that can turn into someone who's scary and a monster, even though they're someone you love.

(20m 30s):
And they're so generous and kind. I've seen ups and downs financially. My family was very successful but then lost everything. And my parents went bankrupt and I had to be the sole income earner for my family for a number of years. So I've seen a lot of ups and downs. And when I was a lawyer and practicing, my brother basically said, I need you to get into politics. And I said, brother, I love fighting for people. I do pro bono work for community groups, but politics is not for me. And he ended up convincing me, even though he is my kid brother. And so I give him a lot of credit for this journey. So he convinced me to get into it. 'cause he reminded me what my mom always said, that, you know, we don't wanna just survive, want to thrive. And thriving in our culture means giving back to the people around you and this belief that we're all one.

(21m 12s):
And that's something that's driven me my whole life, that we're all one. He said, if we're all one, then you gotta do everything possible to fight for the people around you and lift them up. And so he eventually convinced me to do it. And I got into politics. I never had a political background. I hadn't a family that was in politics. So I ran for the first time ever at the federal level. So like a congressman. And I came really close and wasn't able to pull it off. And then I ran again provincially. So I got elected provincially. I was provincial, like a state representative for, for a number of years. I became deputy leader and then made the plunge into federal politics and became leader federally. And then when we were in politics, federally we're able to use the minority governments to get things done. So we got dental care in, which has helped out, like I mentioned, millions of Canadians.

(21m 56s):
Dental care is covered for seniors and for kids, for families that that earn 90,000 or less. So you can go to a dentist and the, and your dental bills are covered. That's something that we fought for. We made happen. We fought to bring in PharmaCare, so that's free diabetes medication, devices and birth control. And we were able to bring in better loss to protect workers so that when they go on strike, the boss can't bring in replacement workers or scaps. So we brought in anti scap legislation. So the journey, I guess try to do a little quick summary of some of the political wins and some of the, the fight. But throughout it all, we were guided by the principle, me and my team and my family of how do we lift up the people around us?

(22m 36s):
'cause we are better off when we take care of each other. Finally, Jagmeet, we know that Donald Trump watches this show. He frequently cites it in his court filings. He blames us for things and it's all meritless. But we know that him and his team watch this. So if you had a message for him today, what would your message be to Donald Trump, the president-elect of the United States? Well, I'd say when it comes to Canada, let me be very clear. Canadians do not want to be a part of the United States. They're proud of being Canadians. We do not want for-profit healthcare system where you go bankrupt if you have a heart attack or if you have a cancer diagnosis.

(23m 20s):
We are proud of our, our country, and if you want to pick a fight with us, it's gonna hurt you as well. We don't want that. We want to build a strong relationship where we work together. But I want to send a clear message. If you want to pick a fight with Canada, we're gonna, we're gonna fight back. And that means retaliatory tariffs. That means if you impose harm on Canada, it's also gonna be felt in the United States. And we saw that before when they impose the aluminum and steel tariffs, you impose those tariffs on Canada. We responded and it hurt Americans. It is not how we build a strong relationship. It's not how we build a good economy. We need to work together, not, we don't need to be bullying each other and we're gonna fight facts. My message is don't pick a fight with Canada.

(24m 0s):
It's not a fight that's worth it. Jug Meet Singh, leader of the NDP in the House of Commons. Thank you so much for joining us. Appreciate it. Thank you Everybody. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers by next month. Thank you. Real quick, metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.

(24m 33s):
Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.