
Hey, aren't you that PBM Middleman at your service? Doctor? Don't you get rebates that save money on medicines? Oh, PBMs like me get big rebates. So why do patients tell me they're worried about their costs? No one says we have to share the savings with patients. Congress should make sure medicine savings go directly to patients, not middlemen. Visit PhRMA dot org slash middleman to learn more paid for by pharma.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock, save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms. Apply


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today,


Things are heating up in Canada, folks, as it seems like all the major Canadian political parties now are escalating their rhetoric about how Canada intends to immediately strike back against Donald Trump and Trump's tariffs and Trump's bullying tactics. Now, you'll recall our previous reporting about Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. He took that trip to Mar-a-Lago to try to educate Donald Trump on what tariffs are. Donald Trump responded by mocking Prime Minister Trudeau and calling Canada the 51st state and posting memes of himself showing that he was conquering Canada.


But it ended up being actually the Alps that he was showing. So Donald Trump was doing that. Then Prime Minister Trudeau escalated his rhetoric talking about retaliatory tariffs. The next thing that we showed here was how the NDP was responding. The new Democratic Party, another political party in Canada that has joined in a coalition with the Liberal party right now. And that's why Prime Minister Trudeau continues to survive. No confidence votes there. The leader of the NDP in Canada is a guy named Jag Meet Singh, and he responded powerfully about Canada not going to take bullying from Donald Trump.


And then I showed you that House of Common speech the other day by a Canadian mp Charlie Angus, who I thought gave an incredible house floor speech where he called Donald Trump a predator. What's fascinating to me right now is the conservative party in Canada at the House of Commons level, being led by Pierre Olivier. And then with premiers like Doug Ford of Ontario, you now are starting to see even the conservative party leaders who previously were sucking up to maga, recognizing how the tide is turning in Canada right now.


The Conservative Party thought that they were going to be able to take control, but they allied themselves so closely with the MAGA stuff. You had Doug Ford, again, the conservative leader in Ontario. He previously said that his support of Donald Trump would never waver. And after locking arms with MAGA Donald Trump responded by bullying Canada. So now these conservative leaders, the premiers and also the members of Parliament se separately all kind of look like they've been selling the people of Canada a bill of goods. So let me share this with you right here. 'cause you have Doug Ford, the premier of Ontario.


He's now threatening the United States that Canada is ready to cut off energy to the United States in retaliation for Trump's tariffs. Here he is right here, the Ontario Conservative Premier talking about cutting off energy to the United States. If Trump tries to bully them and imposes those tariffs here, play this clue. Let's make no mistake about it. As I, as I mentioned to the Prime Minister, the rest of the premiers, we need to be ready. We need to be ready to fight. This fight is coming 100% on January the 20th or January 21st, but we'll use every tool in our toolbox including cutting 'em off energy that we're sending down there.


Folks, this is coming. It's not, if it is, it's coming and it's coming January 20th or 21st. And we need to be prepared. We need to stand as a country. We need to stand united as Canadians and work hand in hand and shoulder to shoulder with our colleagues across the country and, and we're ready to do it. We use every tool in our toolbox to fight back. I, we can't sit back and roll over. We just, we just won't. As a country we never have. Now, what's so fascinating to me about the premier of Ontario, Doug Ford saying that is, let me show you for example, back in, I think this was around 2016, where Doug Ford said that his support of Donald Trump would never waver here, play this clip.


Are you still a supporter of Donald Trump? Absolutely. I wouldn't waver like the G P's wavering. I wouldn't waver. Now, those who know Doug Ford in Canada know that Doug Ford is kind of like a MAGA guy. Doug Ford's daughters have been seen going around Canada with their MAGA outfits. Like they're kind of a MAGA crew right there. But now even Doug Ford is changing his tune. Do you remember Doug Ford's response about two weeks ago when Donald Trump first posted about the tariffs against Canada and Mexico? Doug Ford's first response earned him no fans if he still has some fans already.


What Doug Ford said is that, how dare you compare us to Mexico, we're so much better than Mexico. Meanwhile, you had the president of Mexico, Claudia Scheinbaum respond with a strength recognizing the sovereignty of Mexico, and it just made I think Doug Ford. Look, we, this is how Doug Ford initially responded by attacking Mexico and then trying to, I guess, curry favor with Donald Trump by attacking Mexico. Play. This clip, I want to emphasize to compare us to Mexico is the most insulting thing I've ever heard from our friends and closest allies, United States of America.


We saw that with other conservative premieres as well. In Canada, for example, this is Danielle Smith, she's the premier of Alberta, about two conservative party, about two weeks back. She also said, let's cut a deal just Canada in the US and then let's try to screw over Mexico, play this clip. The, The real issue that we have is that Mexico has, has not been that equal partner with the United States. And in in addition to that, they're inviting China to engage in investment in Mexico, which is hollowing out the manufacturing sector in both America as well as Canada. And so that's why I, I think we need to take a bilateral approach, put Canada first, and be able to get a carve out in for all of North Amer for both Canada and US if, if we can.


And if not, then, then we'll certainly be, be prepared to work with the, the American administration on whatever products it is that they need so that we can have a constructive relationship. And I think our lead is going to be on energy. Do you agree with Ontario Premier Doug Ford that maybe Mexico should be cut out of the process if it won't comply with sort of the spirit of the U-S-M-C-A? That seems to be what you just said there. Am I understanding you correctly? A thousand percent. And I had a chance to talk to Premier Doug Ford about it. And so I'm, I'm very much in sync with what he has to say. Look, Mexico is important to Canada. There are our fourth largest trading partner in Alberta. But just to give you the idea of the difference in the relationship, we, we have about 2.9 billion in bilateral trade with Mexico.


We have 188 billion in bilateral trade with United States. We, we, we certainly cannot sacrifice our relationship and friendship with our largest trading partner. If this is a trade irritant, Those responses were not well received and Donald Trump continued to mock Canada. Trump continued to post the memes showing him conquering Canada. He posts over and over again, he is gonna turn, make Canada the 51st 80 calls, the Prime Minister of Canada, Justin Trudeau, a governor, which whether you agree or disagree with Prime Minister Trudeau, Trump's attack is on all of Canada right there. So remember, this is the video.


I'm only gonna show a small portion of it. This is Canadian MP, member of Parliament, Charlie Angus. This is him speaking in the House of Commons earlier in the week. I'm only gonna show you a smaller clip. I did a whole video on this yesterday If you wanna watch the full speech. But here he calls Donald Trump a predator, a threat to democracy, and he talks about Canada's history of standing up to authoritarians here, play this clip. So yes, they are our neighbors, but we have stood up to them. We're in a different situation with Donald Trump, a convicted predator who's seriously undermining the democratic process in the United States. And he thinks he can just push us around.


Exactly. He insults us. Yep. You know, the conservatives seem to like it because he's insulting our prime minister, but he is not really insulting the prime minister. He's insulting Canadians calling us the 51st state. That's right, exactly. You know, once there was a Canada that had a flag that didn't need to be waived, a flag that represented who we are, we didn't boast about it. That was Charlie Angus, a member of the Canadian House of Commons. He's part of the NDP or New Democratic Party. Look, I'm not here to weigh in on internal Canadian politics, but I do wanna highlight Charlie Angus's incredible speech on the floor of the House of Commons, where I think he's channeling the frustration of millions of Canadians at the way Donald Trump has been behaving and bullying the incredible country of cat.


The air's frosty, my schedule's packed and my fridge is stuffed, which means only one thing tis the season for the perfect gene. Stretchy enough for second or even third helpings soft enough to go full couch potato and stylish enough to wear to every holiday gathering. The perfect jeans are well perfect for all your winter activities. Is this really holiday magic or just a very well written ad? Well, maybe it's both. But seriously, these jeans are something special. The Perfect Jean has saved 400,000 men's parts from suffocating in stiff uncomfortable jeans. And that number is going up every single day. These jeans will be your MVP for the holidays. They stretch enough to handle holiday feasts, are comfy enough to wear during movie marathons or on football Sundays and are so cozy, you'll forget you're wearing pants. Plus they'll keep you looking sharp for every invite that lands on your calendar between holiday shopping and endless parties. The last thing you need to stress about is finding jeans that fit The Perfect Jean. Makes it easy with six fits waist from 26 to 50 in lengths from 26 to 38. So whether you're a short king or towering at six foot five, rocking a relaxed fit or holding onto your skinny jeans, The Perfect Jean has over 5,000 combinations to keep you looking and feeling great all season long. And for a limited time, our listeners get 15% off their first order plus free shipping at The Perfect Jean dot nyc. Or just Google The Perfect Jean and use code Midas 15 for 15% off. That's M-E-I-D-A-S one 15. I used to always have issues finding jeans that fit. I'd usually find a pair that was perfect for my waist and then way too long. But I love the perfect gene because it lets me dial in my exact size. Plus, let's face it, most jeans are super uncomfortable. That's why my OG stretch jeans from the perfect jeans were a game changer. I feel like I'm wearing sweats more than jeans. But with all the durability and the look of high end jeans, it's finally time to stop crushing your parts and uncomfortable jeans by going to The Perfect Jean nyc. Our listeners get 15% off your first order, plus free shipping, free returns and free exchanges when you use that code, Midas one five at checkout M-E-I-D-A-S one 15. That's 15% off for new customers at The Perfect Jean dot NYC with promo code Midas 15. After you purchase, they're gonna ask where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them that we sent you forget your khakis and get the perfect gene.


Now the leader of the NDP, which Charlie Agnes is a member of the new Democratic Party in Canada, smaller party, but there again, allied with the liberal party and that's how Prime Minister Trudeau survived. Another no confidence vote in parliament, pushed by the conservative party. This is Jag Meet Singh, and he's standing up against the United States. Watch this. What Trump is proposing is economic bullying. I've dealt with bullies. The only thing that bullies respect is strength. So let's show them that we are strong and ready to fight. Trudeau has shown weakness so far by not taking this seriously, by not having a plan in place, by not calling a Jobs war room, but not taking the threat for the seriousness that it it deserves.


It's already impacted Canadians and we've gotta take it seriously. And then let me show you this clip of Justin Trudeau as well here. Justin Trudeau recently at a speech talks about how vice president Kamala Harris, losing to Donald Trump shows that was an insult to the progress of women. Prime Minister trs, again, taking a jab at Donald Trump standing up, watch this. We Were supposed to be on a steady, if difficult, sometimes march towards progress. And yet just a few weeks ago, the United States voted for a second time to not elect its first woman president everywhere.


Women's rights and women's progress is under attack overtly and subtly. But I want you to know that I am and always will be a proud feminist. You will always have an ally in me and in my government. Finally, let me show you Prime Minister Justin Trudeau speaking at the Halifax Chamber of Commerce recently. And you can see what he had to say about tariffs. So notice that he says, look, I explained to Donald Trump you're gonna do tariffs. There's gonna be a lot of pain felt by the United States as well. Play this clip. First of all, let's not kid ourselves any way, shape or form.


25% tariffs on everything going to the United States would be devastating for the Canadian economy. It would require us to pull together and support each other and hang in there to prevent just horrific losses in all of our communities for everyone. They would also, however, mean real hardship for Americans as well. Americans import 65% of their crude oil from Canada, significant amounts of electricity just about all the natural, natural gas exported from Canada goes to the United States.


They rely on us for steel and aluminum. They rely on us for a range of agricultural imports. All of those things would get more expensive. Now, for years, Americans have been paying more for their homes than they should because of unjust tariffs on softwood lumber. Maybe this level of tariffs will actually have them realize that this is something they are doing to themselves. And President Trump got president-elect Trump got elected on a commitment to make life better and more affordable for Americans.


And I think people south of the border are beginning to wake up to the real reality that tariffs on everything from Canada would make life a lot more expensive from for Americans. So that's part of the argument. The other part is we will, of course, as we did eight years ago, respond to unfair tariffs in a number of ways. And we're still looking at the right ways to respond, but our responses to the unfair steel and aluminum tariffs were what ended up lifting those tariffs last time. It wasn't that Americans were paying more for their steel and aluminum, although that was annoying to some people in the States.


It was the fact that we put tariffs on bourbon and Harley Davidson's and playing cards and Heinz ketchup and cherries and a number of other things that were very carefully targeted because they were, they were politically impactful to the President's party and colleagues was how we were able to punch back in a way that was, that was actually felt by Americans. But we know a few things about Donald Trump. First of all, we know that when he says these things, he means them. But at the same time, we also know that his approach will often be to challenge people, to destabilize a negotiating partner, to offer uncertainty, and even sometimes a bit of chaos into the well-established hallways of democracies and institutions.


And one of the most important things for us to do is not to freak out, not to panic. Now, knowing that yes, these would be absolutely devastating means we have to take them seriously, but it does mean we have to be thoughtful and strategic. Not go around making our opponent's arguments for him, but making our arguments in a significant and united way. You know, and Folks, I, I like to think that some of this is happening because of the reporting of the Midas Touch Network where, you know, there's no Midas touch network in Canada.


So no one's reporting on the day-to-day politics of what's going on in the House of Commons, what's going on at the premier level, you know, who's, you know, there just isn't a a a thing there. These videos are getting millions of views. We have a massive following here at the Midas Touch Network in Canada. And I think what we're seeing here is Canadians recognizing that, that it is vital to their interest also to stand up to Trump. And also that, that y'all have allies here in the United States. A ton of us here in the United States who frankly stand with you against Donald Trump's bullying.


We here in the United States who are not maga. And by the way, Trump didn't clear 50% of the vote. Let's be clear about that. The non MAGA United States, and again, about 37 million Americans didn't vote of voting eligible people as well, the non MAGA people. Okay? We respect your sovereignty. We love Canada. We appreciate you as a trading partner. Same thing with Mexico. We believe you build bridges, not build walls and try to be divisive. You could have a strong border. We all want a strong border, but we also don't wanna disrespect our allies by lying and talking about conquest and conquering sovereign nations who have stood shoulder to shoulder with us throughout our history as well.


So I hope I gave everybody a broader context of what's happening in Canada right now, and I think that this hopefully explains to you, for those who don't know us, Canada, what's going on. And I hope for those Canadian followers, I've done justice for explaining your political landscape. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Love this Video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.