
Every day. Thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists like Kunle put people at the heart of everything they create In the average household. There are dozens of connected devices here in the Comcast family. We're building an integrated in-home wifi solution for millions of families like my own. It brings people together in meaningful ways. Kunle and his team are building a wifi experience that connects 1 billion devices every year. Learn more about how Comcast is redefining the future of connectivity. At comcast corporation.com/wifi,


There's a good chance you're dealing with a middleman like me when you get your medicines. That's because PBMs and insurers are often the same company. We even own big chain pharmacies and are buying your doctor's office. We decide what medicines you can get, where you get them, and how much you pay. It's a win-win for me. When middleman own it all. You lose. Visit pH ma.org/middleman to learn more paid for by pharma


Parents of tweens. If you're familiar with far off drop-offs, dad, stop, stop, stop Right here. Or get DMS about what's for dinner. You may be experiencing tween milestones for your center daughter. These can start at age nine HPV vaccination, A type of cancer prevention against certain HPV related cancers can start then too For most HPV clears on its own. But for those who don't clear the virus, it can cause certain cancers later in life. Embrace This phase. Help protect them in the next. Ask their doctor today about HPV vaccination, brought to you by Merck.


Give your kids a summer full of fun and learning. Give them ID tech. ID Tech camps are all about high energy, fun, meeting new friends and are taught by elite instructors. Located at 75 prestigious college campuses all across the country. Id tech features over 50 epic courses like Battle Bots, AI and machine learning, coding, game design, and more. There's something for every kid, ages seven to 17 at ID tech. Sign up@idtech.com and use code ID tech to save $150 on a week of a lifetime Holiday.


Presents in the red corner, the undisputed undefeated weed wacker guy champion of hurling grass and everywhere. And in the blue corner, the Challenger Extra Strengths holiday eye drops and work all day to prevent the release of histamines that cause itchy allergy eyes. And the winner by knockout is Saturday. Bring it on. Elbows Up Canada, elbows up Maple Midas, Canada on the front lines of preserving and protecting democracy internationally. Canada showing the entire world the roadmap for how you stand up to an authoritarian like Donald Trump, Canada showing not just how you play defense against an authoritarian like Donald Trump, but how you go on the offense, how you inflict real pain on Donald Trump and his regime for even proposing the idea of Canada becoming a 51st state.


Donald Trump's rhetoric about annexation and taking over Canada and calling the Prime Minister a governor backfired in Donald Trump and his regimes face the boycott in Canada, going strong, boycotting American products, boycotting American tourism. And as I said, Canada provided the roadmap to the world in Europe, in Australia and elsewhere. They're seeing how Canada did it. They are copying it as well. And Canada also showing what it means to be a leader in the age of Trump authoritarianism and how a leader needs to stand up to Donald Trump and not kiss the gangster ring folks.


Election is right around the corner in Canada, Monday, April 28th. There's already been a record setting turnout in the advance polls. And also when we look at the underlying polling data, there's been a complete reversal of who is expected to win this race from where the race was two or three months ago. Previously, Pierre PO and the Conservative Party was expected to get a majority and win in the election. Now it's completely flipped. As the conservative party led by Pierre Pev has demonstrated that, well, P Pev at least has demonstrated that he is Maple Maga, that he has been an agent of Trump, that he's worked with people like Danielle Smith, the premier of Alberta, to try to have Trump interfere and tamper with the Canadian elections as Pierre Pev has used that rhetoric of woke this woke, that woke mind virus as he's invited Elon Musk and right wing podcasters to try to amplify their dangerous ideas as he's basically proposed.


PEV has a version of Doge in Canada to gut the healthcare system and all of the social services there. I think people in Canada woke up and said, whoa, whoa, whoa. We see what's going on in the United States and we don't want Doge Canada. Musk in Canada. Trump in Canada, Uhuh. And we've seen Prime Minister Mark Carney after getting the baton passed by former Prime Minister Trudeau, taking that baton and showing what it means to be a real business person, a banker versus the bankrupt in Donald Trump. A builder in Kearney, someone who has helped Canada and the United Kingdom through difficult periods as a governor of their major banks to Donald Trump.


Someone who has bankrupted company after company. And we're seeing Donald Trump bankrupt the United States right now. But folks, let me be very clear. Polls don't vote. People vote in this case, Canadians vote. You can't take anything for granted. And no matter what, wherever you are in the world, you need to vote to support democracy. I'll just leave it at that to protect and defend and to support democracy and to stand up against Trumpism everywhere. But you know what? I really gotta give a hat tip to one person in particular who I think is a real hero here.


Charlie Angus, a former member of parliament in Canada. He served with distinction for 21 years, and he was always Charlie Angus. People would always speak so highly of him. And in his last year, over the last several months, he got to show the world what he has fought for his entire career. And folks, it has been the honor of my lifetime to become friends with Charlie Angus, to get to be a member of your community, the Maple Midas. It has been the honor of a lifetime to fight for democracy with you.


And I know I am right here in the territory of Donald Trump. We're fighting from within here, but we stand in solidarity with democracy and everybody in Canada who's on the front lines preserving and protecting it, not just in Canada, but across the world and showing the world the roadmap for how you stand up against the Trump regime. So in giving my hat tip to Charlie Angus, who's retired, he's no longer a member of Parliament on his own terms, he's left, but he's got an incredible career ahead of him. And trust me, I'm working behind the scenes to have him lead the Maple Midas network that I want to further build out in Canada.


So y'all can tell him and pitch him. Charlie, you gotta do that. But in honor of Charlie and all of the work that he's done, let's go back a little bit on memory lane. And I wanna show you some of the highlights that I've had with Charlie Angus here. So I first saw Charlie Angus give that incredible speech in the House of Commons when nobody was speaking up against Donald Trump. When everyone was scared and nervous, and rightfully so. I get it. Angus stood up and he gave the first emphatic international public speech calling out Donald Trump. I watched that here and I was like, who is this guy?


That was incredible. I reached out to him, he responded. And here is one of the first interviews I did with Charlie Angus where he talks about, you'll see the evolution here. You're gonna love this. So here Charlie Angus starts talking about, look, he goes, in Canada, we have a tradition of not wanting to be openly confrontive. That's just not who we are. But Donald Trump is a different kind of animal. So this was from several months ago, and you'll see over the weeks and months till the present, how things evolved in Canada. And I'll show it to you through the lens of Charlie Angus.


Here, watch this clip right here. We Are not, we are, we are not gonna be slapped around like this. I think there's a tradition in Canada of not wanting to be openly confrontive, which is fair. I think that's who we are. But Donald Trump's a different kind of animal. He's playing for the rage algorithms, and I don't think we should allow him that free reign. So for me, it was really simple standing up and saying, no, we're gonna have tough negotiations, fair play. But this kind of dismissive, idiotic behavior. I mean, he's a juvenile and I invite Donald Trump come up anytime in the winter. Donald, try and drive our roads, try and win an argument with any woman in Canada.


Try and take us on on anything where we are very comfortable at. We're pretty tough and resilient people. Alright? So a few weeks after that, I had Charlie Angus back on the program and he said, you know what? Something's happening, Ben. Something's happening. The message I'm hearing across Canada is they're not afraid of Trump. Something was happening, something that looked different. Charlie, you was telling me, watch this clip Mr. Angus, what's the latest? What do you wanna say to Donald Trump? Well, listen, Mr. Trump, right now you're trying to shut down the American economy for Christmas. I mean, who does that? And what, because Elon told you to do that.


Like you are plunging your nation and your people into a world of hurt. And so what are you doing? You decided you're gonna pick on your quiet next door neighbor. That's like going to the librarian down the street and shouting at them to divert attention. 'cause the cops are after you. No, we're not gonna put up with it, Donald. Here's the thing. We've got the world's longest on defended border. We've got a hundred billion dollars worth of trade. We've got just in time delivery going back and forth all across the border. And you wanna put not just Canada, but your own citizens in a world of hurt, what to look like, you're tougher than us. Well go for it. It's gonna hurt. It's gonna hurt a lot of people on both sides.


But the message that I'm hearing from people across Canada is they're not afraid of you. 'cause they know you're a convicted felon. They know that all the people that you're bringing in to run your, your your, your organization right now, and I call it an organization rather than a government, are all grifters and thieves and thugs. We gotta look after our own interests right now. We will work with your country. We will work with our great neighbors. But Donald, don't push us around. Then Charlie Angus talked about in this next interview I did a few weeks later, he talked about how when he would watch the US media and CNN talk about, oh, Donald Trump's just teasing this, teasing that.


Watch what he says here. Play this clip Watching some of the response in the US media. CNN stated, oh, he's just teasing what? Teasing about taking over other countries. But then they said that, you know, hey, it'd be a great deal for America. So it be bigger than Louisiana purchase. There's no such thing as teasing when you're threatening the sovereignty of independent nations. And I think for a lot of us, we just thought Donald sort of acted like the buffoon, but he wasn't that stupid. But here's a man who, when Putin launched his murderous war in Ukraine, praised Putin said he was savvy, said he was a genius, and he has one of his Putin trolls taking up one of the key places in his new administration.


So his disregard for Ukrainian sovereignty sent I think a very, very chilling message. His attacks on Panama, his attacks on Greenland, his attacks on Canada are sending a message that he doesn't respect the international order in terms of the rights of nations. And we have to start taking that I think a lot more seriously. And then folks, the gloves started coming off even more, started going over the boards. Elbows up started coming into the, well, it's always been in the par lands there, but in the context of elbows up against Donald Trump, here's what Charlie Angus then told me a few weeks after that play this clip.


Well, Donald Trump, you're a disgrace as a human being. I'm sorry, you may have gotten the presidency, but you're a disgrace. You're a convicted felon, you're a pervert. You treat your allies with absolute disdain while you kiss up to Putin. Here's the thing, we are your best neighbor. We are your best ally. We are your number one trading partner. But we won't break Donald, because you think your grifter politics can push us around. And we will continue to defend the international world order. We will continue to work with nato. We will continue to work with Ukraine. So Donald, I know this is a big diversion exercise for you to, to change this to channels in the United States, but you're gonna have to explain to the the American people very quickly why you brought in so many grifters and crooks with you.


The American people aren't gonna put up with it and the Canadian people, we will never put up with it. Anytime, Donald, anywhere, we will take you on.


Did You know that the liver is the second largest organ in your body? It's responsible for over 500 functions in your body, but for some reason, liver health doesn't always get the attention that it deserves. Dose for your liver was formulated to cleanse your liver of unwanted elements, aid, digestion, and maintain your body's filter. Why does this matter? Well, your liver is the second largest organ in your body and is responsible for over 500 functions in your body. It acts as your body's filter flushing out unwanted elements and breaking down what you consume into essential nutrients. The liver produces and regulates cholesterol stores vitamins and minerals and impacts digestive and metabolic health amongst many other things. Doses science-backed formula promotes liver function aids, digestion, eases bloating, and even boosts energy levels. Clinical results in a double blind placebo controlled clinical trial dose for your liver, lower liver enzyme levels by 50%, and over 86% of participants stick with dose and feel the incredible benefits over time with more energy, better digestion, reduced bloating, healthier liver enzyme function, reduction of brain fog, and better sleep. One dose for your liver shot is equivalent to 17 shots of turmeric, juice doses, gluten-free, dairy-free, sugar-free and vegan. Save 30% on your first month of subscription by going to dosedaily dot co slash midas or entering Midas at checkout. That's DSD y.co/midas for 30% off your first month's subscription.


I had another interview with Charlie Angus where he then said, here's how it's gonna go down, Donald. Here's how Canada's gonna stand up to you. We're gonna boycott you. This clip right here is the early stages of Canada's boycott against the US Play this Clip. I was in a coffee shop today. People were coming up to me and I said, Hey, simple thing, you know, you can do your part. Don't buy American. And they said, what are you talking about? We stopped buying products in the grocery stores over a week ago. We check everything we buy. So here's how it's going to go down. This is going to be very rough. But the big wake up call is for our American friends. For example, Kentucky, the number one purchaser of Kentucky spirits in the world is Canada.


And all our provinces have just pulled it off the shelves. So there that's, that's the first hit that we, we pushed back the auto sector communities like Bowling Green, Arlington, Lansing, Toledo, your plants are gonna go down in a week. I'm not bragging, I'm not boasting, I'm not threatening, but the auto sector is so integrated in North America that if Donald Trump starts throwing up barriers for just in time delivery of important parts to American auto plants, the assembly lines start to come down very quickly. Then when Donald Trump first threatened the tariffs against Canada, and then Donald Trump pulled back those tariffs, watch what Angus said.


He goes, you choke Donald. You choked play this clip. Well, I'm wearing my team Canada jersey tonight because we have this tradition in Canada for American viewers who don't watch hockey. It's called going over the boards. And we learned this as kids. You know when one of yours is threatened, the coach says, go over the boards boys. And we go over and we take the other team and we get game misconducts and we get slashing penalties, but it's like they never touch one of our players again. And right now, Canada's feeling we were just set to go over the boards and Donald Trump choked. So we're really glad that we're not going into a trade war, but we're also feeling this was a moment to take this guy on.


He blinked. He choked what he, he was two days ago, he was telling us that if we didn't give up our nationhood, the tariffs were gonna stay on. And then we hit him with $125 billion worth of tariffs. And we started taking off the Kentucky booze off our shelves. Then we started to take off the California wines. Then we said, you're gonna get another 25 billion right after that. And the market started to tank. And he suddenly said, oh, didn't you guys have a plan that was already to deal with the border, like back in December? I love that. I'll take that. This is Mr. Art of the Deal. Well, from a Canadian perspective, Donald, you seriously pissed us off.


You insulted us, you degraded our nation. And we stepped up. And I got a lot of people calling me and saying, I don't wanna back down now. I don't trust this guy. I've lost trust in our American allies. So yeah, we will take whatever your 30 day grace period be while you go back and deal with your other fights. But right now, Canada's still sorely pissed. And I think we're gonna have to deal with this in the long term. And Over time, Charlie Angus started talking about how the boycott was impacting Americans And that he and Canadians knew that they were now outmaneuvering Donald Trump, that Canadians were taking the initiative here, play this clip.


Well, we talked on a previous show about what'll happen in Ottawa. And within four days, Toledo and Lansing, bowling Green will start going down. And the day after the tariffs were announced, he immediately backed down on auto. Why wasn't he taking advice from the big automakers in the first place of the chaos that he would cause? Now in agriculture, it's gonna be another big area with $73 billion shared trade. This is a totally integrated market. And Donald promised lower grocery prices in his first a hundred days. Americans like Canadians have already seen the shocks of inflation, the shocks of post covid. Once he starts messing with that market, and he's saying some things in Kuzma are protected and other things aren't, nobody knows.


It's creating uncertainty and it's making it very difficult for suppliers on both sides of the border. So I think what American farmers are waking up to is the fact that Canadians are no longer buying their products. We just, we're just not gonna participate in this abusive relationship. You threaten us, we don't buy your products. How about that? Here, Charlie Angus talks to me about what deep earth issue was going on that Canadians are like, whoa, whoa, whoa. We see America falling into totalitarianism play this clip. But I think there's something deeper, Ben, that Canadians are really focusing on right now, which is watching our nearest neighbors slip into totalitarianism when we see people being pulled off the streets, when we see people at universities being grabbed, detained, rendered, and kidnapped, and then we see Christie Nome, you know the Homeland Security boss doing this really disgusting video in front of half naked men in an overcrowded El Salvadorian prison cell.


We're looking at a nation that we don't understand anymore, and we don't want to be like that nation. And we are thinking if we go down the road with this regime, we're talking about the disappearance of the rule of law. And that's deeply offensive to us. It's deeply offensive to our friends in Europe. It's deeply friends offensive to our friends in Australia and Japan and elsewhere. So we are now, as the Prime Minister said, we're having to look elsewhere for the kind of alliances and and agreements and understandings that we used to have with our nearest neighbor. If our nearest neighbor doesn't respect the rule of law for its citizens, how's it gonna respect the rule of international law?


And it certainly doesn't respect us as Canada. So we have no choice. We have to make decisions and we're gonna make decisions that benefit our region and our people first. And then most recently, when I had Charlie Angus on, he said, thank you, Donald. It's the only time I'm gonna say this. He goes, you United Canada better than anybody, but you taught us why we need to be together to stand up against bullies like you. Watch this. Well, Donald Trump, I'm gonna say this once and I might never say it again. I want to thank you. I wanna thank you for bringing Canada together. It took such a malignant, narcissistic slug like you to make us put aside all of our differences, all our regional fights, all of our concerns with each other, and realize that we actually had to stand up for something better, which is standing up for the rule of law, standing up for democracy, standing up for decency.


And we know that we are on your border. And it freaks you out because you and your incel gang are so freaked out about diversity, equity, inclusion, your DEI nightmare. What we are your DEI Nightmare, Donald. Because Canada is always gonna be a country of diversity. We will always be a country of equity. We will always be a country of inclusion, and we will defend the rule of law. And if you want to continue fighting with us, you are going to lose at the end of the day. I'm not saying it's not gonna hurt us, but we are true. We are north, we are strong, we are free, and we are ready for this fight, Donald. So make up your mind. Quit your fighting on social media with us. Tell us what you're going to do because we are moving on and we're gonna stand and hold the line pitch.


Perfect. There's so many other clips I could show you. If you want to go on YouTube, just search Angus Midas, Charlie Angus Midas, and go and watch all the other interviews I've done with him. It'll be a fun hour and a half, two hours of your time. I really mean it. If you go, just search Midas Touch Charlie Angus. Watch the series of interviews I've done with him. But I thought that now that Charlie's retired no longer a member of Parliament, as we head into Monday's election, I don't know what the results are gonna be. Make sure you vote if you haven't yet, but I'm just so proud and honored to have been in this with all of you. I really mean it from the bottom of my heart.


The Maple Midas forming and growing together. It's been one of the most rewarding things of my entire life. You mean so much to me, Canada, thank you so much. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. The truth is more important Than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100%. USA Union made. Hm.


People depend on e-commerce businesses and many use ShipStation to manage their shipping. Last year, over 700 million shipping labels were printed by businesses using ShipStation. If you run a business that ships a lot of packages, save and get up to 90% off carrier rates with ShipStation. Go to shipstation.com/program to Sign Up for your free trial. No credit card required and you can cancel anytime. That's shipstation.com/program.