
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your Babbel subscription at Babbel dot com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify. Podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know If you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price plan options, available, taxes and fees, extra fee terms@mintmobile.com.


Our neighbors are no longer our allies. We are dealing with a regime next door to us that is ignoring the international rule of law. And we have to take this dead serious. That was Canadian member of Parliament, Charlie Angus in Ottawa. In preparation for National Flag Day, Charlie Angus has been rallying Canada, rallying its people, its artists, its entertainers, its politicians, its consumers. To stand up to Donald Trump. I wanna show you that full speech. It's about three to four minutes long. You're going to want to watch the whole thing. Charlie Angus refers to the Trump regime as gangsters says that they are no different than Vladimir Putin calls for unity amongst the Canadian people to continue to stand up against the Trump Musk authoritarian regime folks.


Charlie Angus does not mince words. A legend is born here. Play this clip. Good morning and happy Valentine's Day. I wanna say this morning how much I love my country. We don't tend to do that in Canada. We think that that's kind of, gosh, we don't feel we need to say how much we love our country. But when we see the criminal gang that is taking control in Washington telling us we do not have a right to our nation, well, oh yeah. Not only am I going to love my country and its values and the people from one end of of this beautiful nation to another, but I'm gonna work with those ordinary Canadians to defend our right, to continue to exist as an independent nation.


And for this, on the eve of the 60th anniversary of the Canadian flag, I encourage Canadians to reflect what that symbol means. That symbol that has been in war zones, that symbol that has been was Canadians went to fight famines in other countries. That symbol of openness and inclusion, that is the direct opposite to the politics of Elon Musk and Donald Trump. This week we saw the shameful actions by Donald Trump to negotiate with Vladimir Putin, another gangster to sell the people of Ukraine out.


Mr. Putin thinks that Vladimir Putin is a savvy genius and he detests our country while he's sending us a very clear message of the kind of man he is. Our neighbors are no longer our allies. We are dealing with a regime next door to us that is ignoring the international rule of law. And we have to take this death serious as a nation with our political leaders, but with ordinary Canadians. So what do we do right now? Well, I'm extremely encouraged by the incredible response we've received from the Pledge for Canada. That's now just in the space of two weeks, had over 62,000 people sign up.


People from across the political spectrum, former Prime Minister Kim Campbell, former Attorney General Alan Rock, former premier Danny Williams, but also the incredible artists and indigenous activists and labor activists and ordinary people across this country who said that there's a value to our nation that we're willing to defend. And I also wanna encourage and thank the ordinary people who on their own began the boycott of all things American. Now, some might think, well, you know, If you just choose not to go down to Tennessee this year, who's gonna notice? Well, right now we're seeing the American tourism industry is in full on panic.


There are now over $2 billion in travel. That is is at risk. That's 140,000 American jobs. That's if just 10% of Canadians cancel their trips. It's still too early to say how many are canceling. But from the evidence that we are gathering, it's much, much higher than 10%. And it's about sending a message. Sending a message to Texas governor Greg Abbott, who said Canada was gonna learn a lesson. Oh really? Texas is gonna teach Canada a lesson. Well, we've got $400 million worth of travel that goes to Texas. Mr. Abbott, how about we teach you a lesson and say we've got better places to go than Texas.


If that's your attitude of Canadians, we will not go, hell no, we will not go. The boycott is going to target many, many areas of the United States that are very vulnerable. Right now, Kentucky has already started to speak up about the huge losses that they're facing in Kentucky. Bourbon and Kentucky whiskeys 'cause their number one market is Canadians. So when Canadians stop buying, it's sending a message. And we know this is the only way right now that Americans are gonna be able to put pressure on Donald Trump because what's at risk here is the future of an international order where we respect the rights of countries to be independent.


We respect the international rule of law. We respect our neighbors and borders. And this is something Mr. Trump is saying he will not respect. So on this festival where we celebrate Canada as a nation and our flag, I am encouraged. I wanna thank Canadians. I wanna say we are strong. We do not bend. And we will never, ever, ever kiss the ring of that gangster from Mar-a-Lago. So let's celebrate the 60th anniversary for Canada and our flag in a way that we have never done before. Thank you Mercy. Powerful words right there.


It's 2025. Why aren't my blinds smart and automatic like the rest of my home? Are your blinds still from 2025? Look, there's a better way to buy blind shade shutters and drapery. It's called Three Day Blinds. They are the leading manufacturer of high quality custom window treatment in the United States. And right now, If you go to three day blinds.com/midas, they're running a buy one get one 50% off deal. Look, we can shop for almost anything at home. So why not shop for blinds at home too? Three Day Blinds has local, professionally trained design consultants who have an average of 10 years plus experience. They provide expert guidance on the right blinds for you and the comfort of your home. Just set up an appointment and you'll get a free no obligation quote. The same day. It's what I did. And then I put their blinds all over my home, except for right there. 'cause my neighbor's a might as touch fan and she likes to see her green friends when I do these hot takes. Look, if you're not very handy like I am, just go trust them. They come into your house, they figure it out for you and you're not going to regret it. I am so happy I have three day blinds. Look, it's 2024. I have so many smart gadgets and gizmos in my house. Why not do that for your blinds as well? That's what I did. I'm very happy. So right now, get quality window treatments that fit your budget with three-day blinds. Head to three-day blinds.com/midas For their buy one. Get 50% off deal on custom blind shade shutters and drapery for a free no charge, no obligation consultation. Just head to three day blinds.com/midas. One last time. That's buy one. Get 50% off when you head to the number three DAY blinds.com/midas. And spell Midas, right? M-E-I-D-A-S. Thank you.


By the way, in Canada, they continue, you know this from our Canadian viewers, continue to boo the American National anthem at all of their sporting events. You probably have seen this to our Canadian followers and supporters that at the Canadian sporting events, the announcer will come on and they'll be like, please everybody, do not boo show respect to the national anthem. Please do not. Boo. And the crowd still booze anyway. And booze louder and relentlessly against the United States national anthem. Here is the Montreal crowd booing the American anthem. Despite the plea not to, this is before the US Finland game.


Let's take a look at the Four Nations tournament. Let's play it. And that wasn't even at the United States Canadian game.


Get ready for that one. As Marley, one of our supporters says, over 80% of Canadians are purposefully shopping Canadian made products. 56% are avoiding travel to the us. Undetermined if for pleasure of work, hopefully work. We're doing our bit. Canada is united, hoping Trump is banned from entering Canada. We should not entertain the enemy. I think those numbers are actually going to get higher. Hard to imagine why any Canadians would want to buy American unless they're forced to or travel here. What I hear from all of our Canadian supporters is they've canceled all of their trips.


It is a scarlet letter to vacation, to travel to the United States. People have canceled their trips to Florida, Hawaii throughout the United States of America, devastating our tourism industry here in the United States because let's face it, Donald Trump keeps talking about conquering Canada and annexing it and has made it clear, as you heard, Charlie Angus said that America, unfortunately, under the Trump authoritarian regime isn't a friend of Canada. Instead, you have Elon Musk and his like kids holding these meetings with people like Prime Minister Modi. You see Prime Minister Modi's team right there. And then you see Elon Musk and like his children, while the Kremlin laughs at the United States laughing Kremlin insiders say, Trump has given Putin the green light to expand the war.


I mean, heck, we heard what Trump said. He says, basically give Putin anything he wants and Putin can join the G seven, make it the G eight. He doesn't think Ukraine should join nato, that Ukraine should not be able to get its land pre 2014 borders, you know, and more, by the way. But when Donald Trump says this, he also does it and attacks Canada. So when he's asked about Putin, Donald Trump's like, I don't like Canada. They don't pay their fair share for nato, which he lies about. Canada's been one of the fiercest allies of the United States ever. And Canada has stepped up more than almost any nation, if not any nation, to fight for people's freedom.


And then Donald Trump says, well, that's why they need to become a state. He still keeps talking about annexing and conquering Canada play this clip We're in for more than Europe. I mean, think of it, orate. I mean that's, let's call it nato. 'cause Canada's in, by the way, Canada is just about the lowest payer also just be, you know, they shouldn't be they, they are just about the lowest payer in NATO in addition to everything else. So Canada's really been taken advantage of. And if they had to pay just something modestly fair, they wouldn't be able to succeed as a country. And that's why, that's why I, I feel they have to become a state. Yes.


And then of course there was JD Vance's horrific speech at the Munich Conference. One of the most awful speeches in American history, foreign policy history for sure, where JD Vance attacked all of the democracies across the world, but especially European democracies and promoted Russia interfering with elections. And I think Canada takes note of that. I think Canadians realize, got it. Elon Musk, Putin, they're just gonna try to interfere with our elections and prop up people to turn it into Maple Maga. It's why the liberal party in Canada though is now gaining momentum.


They were not predicted months back to be able to form a government with the snap elections coming up. But it seems that they will. And you got people like Mark Carney and others who are vying for that leadership position, who are doing quite growing, getting quite popular. Here is JD Vance. Let's play it. We're at the point of course that the, the situation has gotten so bad that this December remote Romania straight up canceled the results of a presidential election based on the flimsy suspicions of an intelligence agency and enormous pressure from its continental neighbors. Now, as I understand it, the argument was that Russian disinformation had infected the Romanian elections.


But I'd ask my European friends to have some perspective. You can believe it's wrong for Russia to buy social media advertisements to influence your elections. We certainly do. You can condemn it on the world stage even. But if your democracy can be destroyed with a few hundred thousand dollars of digital advertising from a foreign country, then it wasn't very strong to begin with. Now, the good news, This was an important moment where the German defense minister Boris Pastorius said, I may not be the most famous negotiator out there, but even I know you don't give away all of your negotiating chips before the negotiation like Trump and Pete he did to your play this clip.


I, I emphasized it already several times. I'm not the world's most important and famous deal maker, but if I, if I were, I would know that I don't take any essential point of negotiations off the table before the negotiations begin. And speaking of Pete Hegseth, here he is right here saying, you know, it's such a contrast right to Angus's speech. 'cause Angus is like, here are our principles, here are our values, here's what we're fighting for. And then Hegseth, the former Fox News host, I put news in quotes, who is now our Secretary of Defense with zero experience because our spineless Republicans let Donald Trump pick the most amateurish, weirdest, strangest, unqualified individual for this position.


Heg Sy goes, you know what's, why do people talk about values? Can you take a gun and can you shoot values here, play this clip As President Trump has said, but it's not enough. Nor is 3%, nor is 4% more like 5% real investment, real urgency. We can talk all we want about values. Values are important, but you can't shoot values, you can't shoot flags and you can't shoot strong speeches. There is no replacement for hard power.


As much as we may not wanna like the world we live in, in some cases, there's nothing like hard power. Then as I think about he saying there, there's this video that's gone mega viral on TikTok. You may have seen it of a Canadian saying, let me tell you what we think about American candidate here, play this clip. Pleased to meet you. I'm a Canadian and I can tell you one thing for sure. I'm not gonna be a bitch for some big city billionaire. We like our country and we're happy with our independence. And there's a few things you should know about Canada. For one, we don't have daily mass shootings and we'd like it to stay that way.


Another thing is we have universal healthcare and that's because we think it's important to look out for the most vulnerable within our society. Canadians are independent people and we want it to stay that way. For the most part. We believe in the climate crisis and we want to do everything we can to protect the environment for future generations. And sure, maybe we don't have the biggest army in the world or the most billionaires on the planet, but we do have clean air, open spaces and a love for our brothers and sisters, whoever they may be. There you have it folks. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe.


Let's get to 5 million subscribers and to all of our Canadian supporters out there, you gotta know that you got a bunch of us here who are with you. We support what you are doing. Stand up to Donald Trump and our authoritarian regime here. Keep standing up, keep spreading the word in Canada about our network. We got your back from inside the trenches right here. Thank you. Hit subscribe. Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.