
Hey, aren't you that PBM Middleman at your service? Doctor? Don't you get rebates that save money on medicines? Oh, PBMs like me get big rebates. So why do patients tell me they're worried about their costs? No one says we have to share the savings with patients. Congress should make sure medicine savings go directly to patients, not middlemen. Visit PhRMA dot org slash middleman to learn more paid for by pharma.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed Or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock, Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms. Apply


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year's. Start your move@opendoor.com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com.


Today, Member for Timmons James Bay. This government promised to ban the AR 15. That's the weapon that was used to murder 20 60-year-old children at Sandy Hook. And yet on Thursday the conservative leader was tweeting that the government wasn't going after the AR 15 but hunting rifles. So little wonder he gets endorsed by Alex Jones, who's notorious for taunting chil families of children murdered by the AR 15. So will the minister confirm Is the government going after hunting rifles or the AR 15 or is this the conservative leader being the quote, real deal of disinformation For the likes of Alex Jones, The Honorable Minister of Public Service, our public safety Mr.


Speaker, I wanna thank my colleague for his question and salute his long service in this house on behalf of people. Mr. Speaker, The Honorable Minister of Public Safety Never had that much applause. Mr. Speaker of the House before. Mr. Speaker, I share our colleagues' concern about the conservative policy with respect to gun control. We have said from the beginning, law abiding hunters and sports persons are not the subject of these regulations, Mr.


Speaker, what we're doing is taking away guns that were designed to kill people on the battlefield and we're also prepared to compensate the people that bought those guns lawfully. It's something the conservative party will undo and we're committed to keeping Canadians safe. Absolutely, Lord, there he is. Once again, that's member of Parliament. Charlie Angus, just speaking truth to power right there. He was calling out the Conservative party in Canada for getting an endorsement by Alex Jones. That's how you do it. I frankly would like to see more of that like combativeness style in the House of Representatives and in the Senate, which you see there in the House of Commons.


Let me just tie by the way, that was from a few months back and of course we've been profiling Charlie Angus here. I did a one-on-one interview with him after we did a report on his previous house of common speech where he appealed to Canadians pride in their country and said, do not let Donald Trump bully us here in Canada. Do not let America export disinformation and lies and authoritarianism here in Canada. And I saw that speech that Angus gave a few days back. It's getting close to 2 million views here on our YouTube channel. What you just saw, there was another House of common speech by him recently that again, I wanted to applaud and highlight 'cause that's the type of courage I'd like to actually see from politicians right here in the United States.


Now, one of the factors that Charlie Angus and I talked about that is corrupting, eroding, destroying our politics here in the United States, which is not the case in Canada, and I think it's important to have this international perspective on things, is that number one, they don't have big money in their politics. People who run for their congressional races, their version for to become members of Parliament and their communities, it's like a hundred thousand dollars at most. There's not huge billionaires funding campaigns. There's no political action committees there. That's number one. Number two, their Supreme Court is not politicized.


They are kind of nonpartisan people who are focused on the interests of Canada. Watch how Charlie Angus describes the contrast between those bulwarks that preserve democracy and Canada and preserve their system there and and stop the authoritarian encroachment. And as compared to what we have in the United States, watch this, We have a couple of bulwarks to protect democracy in place that are really important. And it's one of the reasons we haven't gone so far down the maga rabbit hole. Number one is our Supreme Court is non-partisan, scrupulously, non-partisan. We have not allowed our judicial system to be overtaken in the way the Supreme Court in the United States has been completely turned over to the the far right you need an independent judicial system.


'cause the independent judicial system has called out our prime ministers in the past. In fact, the last conservative government had numerous battles with the Supreme Court on, on laws that just weren't constitutional. So that's a really important bulwark that we still have. I would imagine it'll be attacked soon enough. The other is electoral financing. I represent a region that's bigger than the United Kingdom. It, I run my entire campaign for about a hundred thousand dollars because there are campaign limits corporations cannot donate upfront. So that makes, that allows a level playing field and allows people like me, you know, a kid from a mining town to actually run and represent people that I couldn't probably be able to do in the United States.


What's concerning me there? There is a lot of dark money appearing and it's certainly on the platforms. We saw that with X and, and we see it with meta Facebook, the amount on my political page, the amount of toxic memes, hate memes against trans people, against climate change attacking our prime minister. Who's paying for that? And how's that money being spread? It's, it's an enormous online campaign. That's what worries me. The inability, the unwillingness to call out that certainly we had, you probably saw the, the crazy convoy of, you know, the great White Lives Matter protests. It took occupied our capital for weeks and weeks and weeks with disinformation and crazy.


How much of that was driven by offshore bot farms and Russian disinformation is a huge question, but people are tiptoeing around it because they don't want to take on the, the rage mob. But these are things that are threatening our democracy added to the kind of language that Trump is bringing in on everything from vaccinations to, to migrants. We'll put a lot of stress on our, on our nation and we need to stand up and say, no, we're we, you're not gonna go down that road, but we have to protect the institutions that we have.


Your Nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. So if you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you check out Miracle Made Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and they use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long using silver infused fabrics Inspired by NASA Miracle made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long. No matter the weather Get better sleeps I do now thanks to Miracle Made Sheets, they're luxuriously comfortable. And without the high price tag of other luxury brands, I think they are nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. They're infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. So no more gross order. So stop sleeping on bacteria which can clog your pores, causing breakouts and acne. Just sleep clean with Miracle. Go to try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order them today, you can save 40%. And if you use our promo Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% Miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you are 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So upgrade your sleep now with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE TOWEL SET and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle made for sponsoring this episode.


That was a great part of that interview I did with Angus. Now there was another part of the interview that I think is important. It's what I say here all the time on the Midas Touch Network that the threat of authoritarianism is international in its scope, and to combat it, the pro-democracy community, we all need to be international in our scope because these authoritarians, regardless of what their ideology is, their ideology they recognized is a mere pretext for what they truly care about as authoritarians, which is their wealth, the oligarchy, right? So whether you are, you know, an authoritarian wannabe in the us whether you are Putin, whether you are Kim Jong-Un, whether you are President Xi in China, what whatever it is, ultimately at the end of the day, it's power and wealth.


And the ideology is a subterfuge that is used by these authoritarian leaders, A, a a as a way to con, you know, to kind of control the people. So they go to themselves, Hey, let's all unite at the money, wealth, power level and repress the people. Let's join together. So we need to combat that with the pro-democracy movement of the people here. Watch this. But I think the issue of defending democracy is no longer within our individual borders. That's what we've learned from the Steve Bannon playbook. They have no intention on the far right of focusing on an election here or there. They're using strategies globally to undermine democratic rights.


We're in a time of crisis. We're in a time when we need to learn from each other and work together. So having a platform like yours, getting information out to people and, and information that's not disinformation, but conversation is a really, really important thing at this time, You know? And then finally I asked member of Parliament, Charlie Angus, about what, what's your message to the people of Canada as they're hearing this horrible stuff from the United States. And he's like, think about, think about what our ancestors did. Think about what our, what our elders did for us. Here. Watch this incredible moment. Let's play it right there. I think we need to remember who we are at this time, at the time of such great uncertainty.


People don't know, seem to know what's up and what's down. It's like, wait a minute, remember what our grandparents went through? You know, I, I think of my, my late father-in-law, 17 years old, went on the, the Navy convoys to get supplies to Mermansk and then ended up in the battle at Japan. You know, my uncles who, who left at 17, 16, they worked in the mines. My aunt and mother and sisters and that who worked on the polio awards when they were dealing before vaccines. These were tough people. They gave us our values. We have to be tough now and we have to be tough, especially when you got hair to the color of mine for the young generation. They're suffering a lot of stress right now. They should be looking to us to stand up to them. So when a, when a convicted predator like Donald Trump thinks, he's gonna slap us around.


I don't think so. We gotta have backbone. Nobody else is gonna come and save us. This is my message for my friends in the United States. We gotta start rebuilding at the grassroots. We gotta start rebuilding our communities. We gotta start rebuilding our networks. We gotta make ourselves resist resilient to hate and resilient to Grifters. I thought that was another great part of that interview with with Charlie Angus. And you know, here at the Midas Touch Network, we are expanding our coverage internationally because I think we truly need an international perspective to appropriately have the framework of how to deal with Trumpism Maga and recognize that these ideas are ideas that permeate the international zeitgeist, right?


I mean, we see this over here, for example, with people in Argentina like Javier Malay, 52% poverty rate there. He's like, we need to end the state. In total, he's propped up in kind of this MAGA triumvirate. You've got Victor Orban over in Hungary, you got Luca Chenko in Belarus, you've got Vladimir Putin, you've got Kim Jong-un giving troops, by the way, to Russia to fight in Ukraine, right? You, you have all of that and you have Donald Trump not saying negative things about Putin has Trump said one negative thing about Putin ever yet alone in the transition.


No, but who does he attack? Trudeau Canada. Who does he attack Mexico. So he attacks our allies, says nothing about our literal enemies. And that tells you all that I think you should know about this too. And so we're gonna highlight international perspectives. By the way, feel free to tag me on Blue Sky. If you have other international speeches in your home country that you want me to see, Hey, here's a member of our parliament. Here's a politician in my country. Can you, this is the type, send it to me. That's how I found out about the Angus speech. Someone tagged me on it. I'm like, oh, this is pretty cool.


This is pretty tough stuff right here, so tag me on it as well. Okay, thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Appreciate you, love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter. Mark.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs, syn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.