
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


If You've had that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the science backed language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babel gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, Just start speaking another language with Bael right now. Up to 55% off your babble subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B A-B-B-E-L com slash spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


Hey, prime members, are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news with Amazon Music you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcast included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcast to catch up on the latest episodes. Without the ads,


Trump's tariffs against Canada are backfiring. As Canada stood up for itself, issued a firm and powerful and forceful response and it has Donald Trump's administration. Reeling Trump's commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick was reportedly nervously calling the premier of Ontario, Doug Ford and saying, Doug, please don't do this retaliatory tariff stuff. Please don't cancel the starlink contracts. Please tell all of your supermarkets not to take the American Bourbon and American Whiskey off of the shelves.


Please don't do that. Let's, let's try to do a deal to which the premier of Ontario Dug Ford said, you punched us in the face, Howard, we have to respond this way. And Howard was like, look, we're gonna try to do a deal. Donald Trump needs to kind of get out of this. Let's figure something out. Look, prime Minister Trudeau and his speech that he gave earlier in the day was mean to us. We gotta figure this out. We gotta figure something out. Yes. When you stand up to the bully, it turns out that the bully that the Trump administration is weak as f you know that now and that's for sure. So let me just show you what went down, right.


So Doug Ford, the conservative premier of Ontario, who used to be Maple Bagga, this guy used to be kind of supportive of Trump and I kind of was supportive of Trump until he said Trump stabbed him in the back with the tariffs. Here's the message that he posted yesterday. Canada and Ontario didn't start this trade war with President Trump, but Team Canada is ready to win it. Referring to the unity of mostly all of the premiers of the provinces in Canada aligned at the federal level with Prime Minister Trudeau. Doug Ford goes on to say, as a first step in our response, Ontario will rip up our contract with starlink, take us alcohol off of LCBO shelf and ban US companies from government procurements.


Prime Minister Trudeau issued the following statement, the moment US tariffs came into effect this morning, so did the Canadian response. He wrote yesterday, Canada will be implementing 25% tariffs against $155 billion of American products, starting with $30 billion worth of goods immediately and the remaining $125 billion in 21 days time. You see right here, the LCBO halted the sale of all American alcohol. The LCBO is the world's single largest purchaser of alcohol, a loss right away of $1 billion to American companies like that.


Donald Trump did it. Here's what LCBO posted for the good of Ontario, for the good of Canada. In response to US tariffs on Canadian goods products produced in the US are no longer available until further notice looking for alternative. Ask our team about our extensive range of Ontario and Canada made products. And you saw right there all of the American alcohol being taken off the shelves. Also, lumber futures soaring to its highest price in recent memory as well, making it very difficult for new homes to be built in the United States. So here's the play by play of what went down.


As I talked about it earlier, Laura Stone got the scoop. So the Commerce Secretary Howard letting the key had to call premier Doug Ford of Ontario after the press conference by Doug Ford basically saying, look, your response is too tough, it's too aggressive, you gotta tone it down. You're making Donald Trump sad. You're making Donald Trump sad. And Ford told Lutnick, Lutnick Howard, I ain't backing down. You punched us. You went after us. We have to respond. You have to understand Howard, you come after us, we're coming after you. We were prepared. Your people weren't ready. What you gonna do about it? So then Howard Lutnick runs on Fox, American State regime Media.


And then he's like, alright, we're trying to work out a deal. We're trying to figure something out with Canada and Mexico. You know, you know, Trump's a a good deal maker. This is, it's, it's all going to plan everybody. It's all going to Aled. Here's what Lutnick said here, watch this. He's gonna come out today angry that Americans are still being killed. Now both the Mexicans and the can Canadians, were on the phone with me all day today trying to show that they'll do better. And the president's listening 'cause you know, he is very, very fair and very reasonable. So I think he's gonna work something out with them. It's not gonna be a pause, none of that pause stuff, but I think he's going to figure out you do more and I'll meet you in the middle some way. And we're gonna probably be announcing that tomorrow.


So somewhere in the middle will likely be the outcome. The president moving with the Canadians and Mexicans. But not all the way. Just to clarify, I took you, Yeah, you see when Canada smacked these losers down, you see how weak and pathetic this regime is. This wannabe authoritarian regime of freaking losers who are in charge in the United States right now, these snake oil salesmen conmen who are just trying to screw up the international order to benefit Putin. Yeah, when you screw over Canada, Canada goes over the boards. When you screw with Canada, Canada goes elbows up.


Canada's a peaceful nation as many of our allies are, unlike Russia. But you screw with them, you poke them, they stand up. Here is the Ontario Premier Doug Ford and the speech that he gave yesterday that really scared the crap out of the American regime. Here, watch this. Going One step further, we're rip ripping up Ontario's contract with starlink. It's done. It's gone. We won't award contracts to people who enable and encourage economic attacks on our province, province and our country alongside federal tariffs and the measures my fellow premiers are bringing forward.


This team Canada's opening response. And here he is again from the day before that, even Doug Ford saying, we're gonna cut off your electricity next too. We're going after you. You come after us, we're coming after you watch this. If they want to try to annihilate Ontario, I will do everything including cut off their energy with a smile on my face. So, and I'm encouraging every other province to do the same. Quebec, Manitoba, bc we all have to act in unison out east. They rely on our energy. They need to feel the pain, they want to come at us hard, we're gonna come back twice as Hard. And here he was on CNN saying how livid Canadians are.


Play it. H how upset how mad are Canadian Canadians aren't, aren't usually the types to get angry. But how mad are Canadians this morning? They're absolutely livid. They're, they're furious because we look at the United States as our family. We're one big family. We've stood shoulder to shoulder in wars and every other crisis there is. We love the American people, but unfortunately the President has gone sideways on ourselves. Here He is saying that Canada will not hesitate to use every tool in its toolbox. Play this. See, I wanna send more critical minerals, but I will not hesitate to use every tool in our toolbox to protect Ontarians and Canadians across the board.


I've never seen patriotism run so wild across our country, right down to the grocery aisles. People refuse to buy American products. This, this is not right. We love America, we love the people and the president needs to be stopped. Simple as that. Doug Ford, the premier of Ontario and Canada,


we, Your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. If you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you check out Miracle Mades. Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long. I get so many emails from the Midas Mighty saying how great miracle made sheets are and how it's changed their lives for the better. Here's why It uses silver infused fabrics inspired by nasa. So therefore, miracle made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather. So you get better sleep every night. Now these sheets are also infused with silver, as I said, and that prevents up to 99.7% of bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. So no more gross odors. Also Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without that high price tag of other luxury brands and it feels as nice to me, if not nicer, than the sheets used by some five star hotel. So upgrade your sleep this year. Go to try miracle.com/midas, that's T-R-Y-M-I-R-A-C e.com/m EI ds to try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, If you order today, you can save over 40%. And If you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get a free three piece towel set and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE TOWEL SET and save over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle made for sponsoring this episode


and Prime Minister Trudeau's speech yesterday pitch Perfect. You know, he's acting like a wartime president 'cause it is a declaration of war essentially against Canada by the United States. Here's what he said. I wanna speak first directly to the American people. We don't want this. We want to work with you as a friend and ally and we don't wanna see you hurt either, but your government has chosen to do this to you as of this morning. Markets are down and inflation is set to rise dramatically all across your country.


Your government has chosen to put American jobs at risk at the thousands of workplaces that succeed because of materials from Canada or of consumers in Canada or both. They've chosen to raise costs for American consumers on everyday essential items like groceries and gas on major purchases like cars and homes and everything in between. They've chosen to harm American national security, impeding access to the abundant critical minerals, energy building materials and fertilizers that we have and that the United States needs to grow and prosper.


They've chosen to launch a trade war that will first and foremost harm American families. They've chosen to sabotage their own agenda that was supposed to usher in a new golden age for the United States. And they've chosen to undermine the incredible work we've done together to tackle the scourge that is fentanyl, a drug that must be wiped from the face of the earth. So on that point, let me be crystal clear, there is absolutely no justification or need whatsoever for these tariffs today.


Here he is again, let's play it. I think in terms of what he wants, and I heard he talked about banking again this morning in in a tweet, which doesn't make any sense. 'cause American banks about 16 American banks currently active in Canada holding about $113 billion worth of assets in this country. So the American banks are alive and well and prospering in Canada. It's an example of not really being able to see what it is that he wants because even the excuse that he's giving for these Paris terrorists today of fentanyl is completely bogus, completely unjustified, completely false.


So we actually have to fold back on the one thing he has said repeatedly, that what he wants is to see a total collapse of the Canadian economy because that'll make it easier to annex us, is the second half of his thought. Now, first of all, that's never going to happen. We will never be the 51st state. But yeah, he can do damage to the Canadian economy and he is started this morning, but he is rapidly going to find out as American families are going to find out that that's gonna hurt people on both sides of the border. Americans will lose jobs, Americans will be paying more for groceries, for gas, for cars, for homes, because we have always done best when we work together.


Here he is again, let's play it. And I can tell you that every country is very, very aware that if the American government is willing to do this to their own closest ally, neighbor and friend, everyone is vulnerable to a trade war. And our ability to work together thoughtfully and strategically to make sure we're supporting our citizens, we're doing things together in a more diversified way, is something that is on the mind of all of our allies. Now, all of the Mago Republicans had to go on state regime media in the US Fox and had to be like, well look, short-term pain's, okay?


Right, short term pain's, okay, right? Worried About all of these spending cuts potentially leading to a recession. Now there's new growth worries, A as as you know, markets were down sharply yesterday on the tariffs and on this idea that all this cuts happening could in in fact induce a recession. Now we're expecting a contraction in the first quarter. We, we, I mean your last segment, you, you hit on the tariffs and I think that was a large reason why the market reacted to that. But we have to cut spending. We are $36 trillion in debt. I've only been in Congress for six years. When I first got elected, we were 20 trillion in debt. We put 16 trillion on the debt we are running just in the last six years. We are running a 2.5 to $3.5 trillion deficit effort every year.


Our country and our economy can't handle that. The treasury can't handle that. The American people can't handle that. We have got to get our fiscal house in order in Washington, and if that means a short term pain for the country, then we're gonna have to walk through that together to ensure that we put ourself on a fiscal prudent path going into the next 10 years. And then Donald Trump at the State of the Union you may have seen, or the joint address, whatever the hell they're calling it was like, we're good with pain, right? We'll suffer a little bit. Everyone's okay with some short term suffering here, watch this. They're about protecting the soul of our country. Tariffs are about making America rich again and making America great again.


And it's happening and it will happen rather quickly. There'll be a little disturbance, but we are okay with that. It won't be much. No, you're not all. Well, If you take a look at the Dow Jones yesterday, it crashed yesterday. Over the past month, it's down over 2000 points. Over 65% of Americans believe the economy is doing very bad right now. That's what they're saying. Very bad. But folks, the big MAGA influencer, cat turd wants you to know that these tariffs are gonna hurt Canada a hundred times more than us. And the Canadian leaders know it.


They can't hide their panic really, because now it doesn't seem like they're panicked. It seems like they're prepared. It seems like this Trump regime is in panic mode as stagflation fears Babbel up as the Trump tariffs take effect. Now, economists believe that there will be stagflation, meaning rising inflation and a recession when it comes to GDP growth. Remember, the Atlanta Fed is now predicting basically a 3% plus contraction in the economy where it was supposed to be a 4% growth. If Donald Trump didn't do a thing and just let former President Biden's economy roll on.


There you have it, folks. Canada standing up powerfully to the United States, and we're not even talking about the boycotts, the boycott of us tourism, the boycott of all US goods. Think about the tourism hit when that shows up in our economic data that's in the Atlanta Fed model. In addition to other things, that's why they're predicting like a three and a half to 4% contraction of our GDP recession territory. In the first quarter, Trump took a perfectly stable, good economy and crashed it into the ground. And you see how weakened pathetic he is, like a quartered rat that he is. No offense to quartered rats, we're frankly more likable.


Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't Get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.