
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem drive and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. Oh, What price? You see they have my favorite brand. This like a whole new, I need to buy two. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great bridge? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


Elbows up Canada, Canada is furious and Canada is having its voice heard. We're under 10 days from the big election in Canada. We had the big debate take place this past week, the first one in French, then a debate in English and Canadians are letting the world know that they are the front lines of resistance to the Trump regime. And now it's just, it's kind of funny that like the media in America's first kind of picking it up right now, I saw this on CNBC, Canadian small businesses are taking Trump tariffs personally, you think we're also seeing the tourism numbers, not just in Canada, which have plummeted to almost like zero at this point with the boycott of all things American boycott, American products, boycott tourism.


But Canada has set the example for the rest of the world. Those international tourism numbers have dropped as Donald Trump attacks our allies now, I guess former allies based on how Trump's treated them. And also people don't wanna end up in detention centers or concentration camps in El Salvador. Let's take a look at what went down in the debate between the leaders of the various parties in this election. You have Prime Minister Carney leading the liberal party and Prime Minister Kearney says the biggest risk to the Canada and the Canadian economy is Trump. Here Play this clip. The biggest risk we have to affordability, the biggest risk we have to this economy is Donald Trump.


So first and foremost, we've gotta get that right second, You know, to think about an American in a Canadian debate that that would be the biggest threat. That's where we are right now under the Trump regime. Here's what Kearney said as well. Let's play the other clip. We are facing the biggest crisis of our lifetimes. Donald Trump is trying to fundamentally change the world economy, the trading system, but really what he is trying to do to Canada, he is trying to break us so the US can own us. They want our land, they want our resources, they want our water, they want our country. We're all gonna stand up against Donald Trump.


I'm ready. I've managed crises over the years. I've built strong economies. We'll fight back with counter tariffs. We'll protect our workers and those businesses and we will build the strongest economy. We'll build Canada strong. I'm asking for your support, the honor of doing so. Thank you. So how do you think Maple MAGA is responding? Pierre Pev, who leads the conservative party in these federal elections, he was in Montreal on Friday, as Rachel Gilmore says, things like Pev is courting the f the turtles vote in Montreal today. This is what Maple Maga is talking about.


By the way, this is straight out of the Trump playbook, right? Remember when Trump was holding up like the groceries and Trump was like saying, you know, oh, we, you know, they, they're gonna go after the plastic straws. They're going after the pla. We're plastic, we're pro plastic straw and made that like a centerpiece. Look at po ev the the right wing maga maple guy from the Conservative Party play it. How long does this bread stay fresh and edible if it's not packaged? You ever think of taking your bread out when you go home and just leaving it unwrapped? How many days do you think it would be good or it gets dried out and moldy? How, how long would the other fresh produce here stay edible if it could not be plastic wrapped?


The answer is a lot less time. It's like an exact image of how Trump ran the campaign. Let's bring in resistance member Charlie Angus, former member of Parliament. You all know Charlie Angus. Charlie, before getting into the election, you and I haven't had a discussion on the Midas Touch Network in about two weeks. You've been busy, been with the resistance elbows up tour and you've been going area to area. So tell us though, what, what, what's going on in Canada? What's the sentiment? Well, Ben, I've been traveling across the country, and you are right in terms of people's determination to resist whether it's, you know, working class northern Ontario, whether it's chill Vancouver Island, whether it's in the heart of Alberta, which is supposed to be mega Maple Central, hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of people coming out, people ready to defend their country, people ready to stand up to, to to Trump, but also people who are really understanding that this is about the future of the rule of law and the future of democracy.


And so there's a real determination right now. People are employing the boycott full out. They're watching what's happening with people being snatched off the streets in the United States. The attacks on universities and it's very concerning. And then it's what the kind of language we're actually seeing now from the maga maple crowd of Pierre Poly app are repeating so many of the dog whistles that drove the Trump campaign and what we're seeing right now being played out in Project 2025. This is something that conservatives are running on. So I'm, I'm expecting a huge turnout. We've, we've got the advanced polls are happening right now, so the week before the election, people can vote on the weekend before the lineups are around the block.


That's usually a sign that a government's being turfed out or the Canadians are not going to let mega maple get control here because of what we've seen in the United States. What do you make of Trump's recent behavior? Now you and I have been talking about this for several months. The first time Trump announced the tariffs many, many months ago and then withdrew it and then paused it and continued his rhetoric about 51st state annexation. I mean, just this past week, Donald Trump's chief propagandist, Caroline Levitt, again used annexation conquest language about Canada, then Trump tariffed the world. And then he paused some, but then he kept the 25% on which he's saying is a fentanyl, Tarin a this and a that.


And I'm not even sure they can keep track of what they're even doing. But what, what, what do you make of the recent behavior? I think what's really concerning is that an idiot like Trump has been allowed to monkey wrench the global economy without anybody stepping in and saying, whoa, Donald, what the heck are you doing when we see him Taring, poor Madagascar, because Madagascar doesn't buy enough product from the United States. Madagascar's too poor to buy product from the United States, but they offer Americans cheap chocolates. Donald Trump picks a fight with them. The on again, off again tariffs in terms of auto, nobody even knows where that stands right now. South Dakota is freaking out.


North Dakota, the the farmers in Montana, because you have an integrated border in terms of ag trade, $70 billion, all that's in chaos right now. I think he's pushing us towards a major, definitely an American recession, probably a global recession and maybe a depression if he doesn't step back. But it's up and down and, and the thing that really strikes me about Trump and his crew is they're really, really tough until you stand up to them and then they blink. And that's certainly what's happened with Canada. And Canada has been very strong. And then they come back at it a second and a third time. The feeling I'm getting from Canadians is they don't care what Trump does next.


We're gonna do what we're going to do. We're looking to rebuild our economy and we're gonna do it without our former ally, our former friend, our former partner. We're gonna have to take steps that we're gonna take because we simply cannot trust the, the American regime anymore. And look, the Maple MAGA crew led by Pierre Pev, I mean I showed the language there about, you know, plastic straws, plastic bags, but you know, which, which by the way is just insane. But then you move towards some of the other things that they've been talking about, planning to suspend the rule of law, the same types of ideas of disappearing students and you know, and, and promoting a Doge version in the north, basically.


Huh. What's really surprising, I mean the, the usual rule of thumb for conservative candidates and campaigns in Canada is as the campaign moves on, you move more to the center. You quieten down your crazy base and you try and appeal to, you know, the independent non-aligned voter. But Pierre Poly isn't doing that because that's not maga and that's not what the fascist playbook is. The fascist playbook is to say boldly what you're going to do. So we see after the horrific disappearances and and deportations of Americans to El Salvador Pier Poly bragging that he's going to invoke what we have in the charter rights and freedoms and notwithstanding clause in certain circumstances, allows government to overrule the rule of law.


It was supposed to be an emergency measure in case legal decision overstep bounds in terms of democratic rights. He's saying he's gonna invoke this to take away the rights of his so-called criminal class. But when you have a prime minister, a guy running to be Prime Minister saying he's going to overrule the courts arbitrarily when he feels it's, he wants to, you are then in the same situation of people being illegally deported to El Salvador, he's now saying, after we've seen these students kidnapped and, and carried, you know, thousands of miles away from home to be deported for, for protesting Pierre Paul Sain, he's gonna invoke the same thing.


And of course they use the same language. It's about free speech. Free speech means subservience to Trump, subservience to Maga, maple, and everyone else are gonna be challenged. And then the really disturbing element is, is what we've seen with the disaster of Doge. Well, a former chief of staff to prime minister Stephen Harper, the conservative godfather, was bragging that Pierre Poll, if elected would go quickly after Canada's independent civil service and that it would be much easier to implement Doge here. We don't have the checks and balances apparently that the United States has, so it'll be even easier. And I think what the listeners or the viewers are understanding is that once you crush the independent civil service, you, you crush a functioning democracy.


This is all, this is what Pure Poly is bringing for forward to the Canadian people along with his idiocy about bread and and plastic bags. I think Canadians understand if you elect this guy, you are electing the fascist regime. That is the same if mega and you are going to turn Canada over to the Trump agenda. We know the Trump regime watches these podcasts, they watch our interviews and they're not too pleased. When, when we have you on, what's your message right now to Donald Trump if he's watching this? Well, Donald Trump, I'm gonna say this once and I might never say it again. I want to thank you.


I wanna thank you for bringing Canada together. It took such a malignant, narcissistic slug like you to make us put aside all of our differences, all our regional fights, all of our concerns with each other, and realize that we actually had to stand up for something better, which is standing up for the rule of law, standing up for democracy, standing up for decency. And we know that we are on your border and it freaks you out because you and your incel gang are so freaked out about diversity, equity, inclusion, your DEI nightmare. Well we are your DEI nightmare, Donald, because Canada is always gonna be a country of diversity. We will always be a country of equity, we will always be a country of inclusion and we will defend the rule of law.


And if you want to continue fighting with us, you are going to lose at the end of the day. I'm not saying it's not gonna hurt us, but we are true. We are north, we are strong, we are free. And we are ready for this fight, Donald. So make up your mind. Quit cheer fighting on social media with us. Tell us what you're going to do because we are moving on and we're gonna stand and hold the line Resistance member Charlie Angus. Charlie, we've loved following your resistance Elbows up tour. We've been featuring it here on the network, so we look forward to seeing some more. You will see it very soon. Elbows up. Elbows up, everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Can't get enough Midas. Plus check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.