
Hey, I am Ryan Reynolds. Recently I asked Mint Mobile's legal team if big wireless companies are allowed to raise prices due to inflation. They said yes. And then when I asked if raising prices technically violates those onerous to your contracts, they said, what the fuck are you talking about? You Insane Hollywood? So to recap, we're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees, Extra speeds, Lower above 40 gigabytes C details.


If you've had that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babbel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B A BBE l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The New year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration Specialists will fix it, guaranteed or your money back resolve. To make identity, health, and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


The country of Columbia caused Donald Trump to freak out over the weekend like a petulant 2-year-old, no offense to petulant two year olds, nor is it that hard to get Donald Trump to freak out like one. So here's what went down. Columbia told Donald Trump, you cannot land military planes in Columbia when you are deporting Colombians in America to Colombia. You need to show Colombians dignity and respect. We're a sovereign nation If you want to send Colombians via commercial flights. As had been done before, not in handcuffs, but done with the least a modicum of dignity and respect, Columbia would be open to that.


Columbia stopped two American military planes from coming into Columbia. So what does Donald Trump do in response? Donald Trump then declares economic warfare on Columbia, and he basically says he's going to impose a 25% tariff immediately and will raise that to a 50% tariff. He also says that he will have a visa ban kicking out any Colombian leaders and Colombian nationals and Colombian politicians and diplomats and business people from the United States. Essentially what you would do when you're in an actual war with a country.


And then Donald Trump also talked about other sanctions against bank accounts of Colombians. And so Trump escalated this pretty much to the highest form of economic warfare right before you get to like an actual war. So then Columbia responded, its president basically said, look, all we said was that we don't want military planes, so we will send a presidential jet. Our presidential plane will go and pick it, pick up the nationals and we will deal with it ourself to which Donald Trump viewed as a, I guess a win and, and him being a tough guy.


So then Donald Trump posted an image of himself in AI form looking like a mafia person, like looking like a gangster. And then it says F-A-F-O-F around and find out folks, the only people who are effing around and find out is the American people. This doesn't make you look like a tough guy. And as all of these MAGA people, like Matt Gates were saying, don't f with us on, don't f with us on this dude referring to the Colombian president, Gustavo Petro. You'll be taking your criminals back the easy way or the hard way. This is not the fight with America. You want, we want friendly relations with our neighbors, but friends don't leave their own shit in each other's homes.


Referring to the migrants as trash, as shit as subhuman is the language that Gates and other MAGA were using. I think it should be clear that we all agree that criminals, terrorists should indeed be deported. I don't think that's who Donald Trump is actually focused on as well. He's doing work site raids and raids of schools and others. We've learned, for example, that in Brazil, Donald Trump were put people on commercial flights to be sent to Brazil. But there, the people were treated who were sent to Brazil, horrifically and Brazil's President Lula found out that people were, that Brazilians were being handcuffed, treated like criminals.


And President Lula Brazil was saying, these aren't criminals. I'm not sure why you're treating these individuals this way. We're launching a national investigation into the way these individuals were sent back on commercial flights into Brazil. And Brazil actually intercepted the Brazilians on their trip back. There was some issue with the flight as well. It was supposed to stop somewhere else. And Brazilians are absolutely livid Right now. This also follows President Claudia Scheinbaum of Mexico telling Donald Trump, you will not be allowed to deport Mexicans using military aircraft into Mexico. If you want to engage in bilateral discussions, I'm open to having discussions, but we were, we will not be okay.


Mexico's sovereignty is too important with you in America, taking unilateral action, sending military planes filled with Mexicans and not respecting the dignity of this country or the human dignity of the people that you are deporting, who is all who's being benefited by all of this. It's not the United States of America. These deportation flights cost about $852,000 for Trump to use these military planes. And to, and that doesn't even include all of the propaganda videos that Donald Trump is making. Donald Trump has sent United States military, armed American military to the southern border.


He's got these, you know, very expensive helicopters flying all around, which not, which really aren't doing a lot, but he's taking video of them. So it looks like there's a, a war taking place and, and he's got these massive military airplanes who are taking like 80 people on these massive planes. Now, it would normally cost that $8,000 an hour to transport individuals how it used to be done. So you figure three to four hour flight, $25,000, $30,000, it's now costing about $850,000. And the Trump administration doesn't care about the prices.


They care about the optics looking like an authoritarian, looking all powerful. That's what they want people to see. So again, who's benefiting from this? All? The biggest beneficiary is China. First off, China is trying to expand the bricks block. The bricks block is the lead countries are Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa. Brazil being one of them in the Trump administration. One when Donald Trump tariffed China, China responded by stopping its Chinese companies from accepting a lot of American farm products like soybeans and other products.


And then China enhanced its relationship with Brazil. American farmers were getting screwed as a result because they had all of these surplus crops that they now couldn't sell anywhere because they would export it to China, but China wasn't accepting it. So then the government had to come in and give massive handouts, massive subsidies, many of which still exist today. And so that's the type of thing we're gonna see happen. China strengthening its relationship with Brazil, China strengthening its relationship with Columbia China strengthening its relationship with Panama. A lot of the changes that we saw in diplomatic ties of Central American and Latin American and African countries away from Taiwan, towards Beijing.


The acceleration of that happened a lot during the first Trump administration. So Donald Trump sending Secretary of State Marco Rubio to Panama as Rubio's first diplomatic visit, although I wouldn't call it diplomatic, after Donald Trump has repeatedly talked about conquering Panama, taking it back, even though Panama's never actually belonged to the United States, there was a lease over the Panama Canal. Panama is a sovereign nation, but just think If you are Panama, America's threatening to conquer you and take you over. What has Panama done in advance of this? And we've seen this with a lot of Latin American countries. They've enhanced their relationships with China.


In 2017, they established formal, formal diplomatic ties. 2018 Xi Jinping went to Panama, big diplomatic visit Columbia, big diplomatic visit in the past year and a half where Xi Jingping was in Columbia, for example, and Columbia's enhanced its relationship. And, and November Columbia announced right around after the election that Columbia was accelerating its process to become a full member as part of the bricks block. Let me just show you this. For example, this was the meeting between Xi Jinping and the leader of Columbia. So you can see for yourself the difference here.


While Americans under Trump and people like Gates and others are saying, don't f with us, do don't f with us China, the CCP, although it's propagandizing things, they're out there saying, we respect the sovereignty of these nations. We're here as part of a way to build together. Can we invest? We respect the cultural heritage. They're using the language, they're playing the game of diplomacy while Donald Trump is taking a wrecking ball to America's leadership in the world. Let me show you this clip right here of of Xi Jinping and the president of Columbia Gustavo Petro Play this clip.


All right, let's talk about NAD plus. It's an every living cell in your body and it helps keep you young by repairing damage, detoxifying, and giving you energy. But between age 20 and 50, your NAD plus levels are cut in half. No wonder we start feeling older, more tired, and less vibrant. But here's the good news, quaia, NAD plus makes it easy To boost YOUR NAD plus levels by 74%. It's a simple supplement that's vegan, gluten-free, non GMO, and packed with ingredients to help you feel at your peak longer into life. Quality of NAD plus contains the most powerful NAD plus precursors like niacin, niacinamide, and nigen. These ingredients are clinically tested To boost YOUR NAD plus levels and quality. NAD plus has many other holistic ingredients that support all major aspects of NAD plus production in your body. Plus it's doctor formulated. So you know, it's the real deal. I've been using quality NAD plus since they sent it to me, and the difference is huge. I actually feel energized, awake, and ready to take on the day. I had no idea how much my low NAD plus was dragging me down To boost YOUR NAD plus levels by up to 74%, go to quality of life.com/ Jordy for up to 50% off and use code Jordy at checkout. That's J-O-R-D-Y at checkout for an additional 15% off. That's quality of life.com/jordi, J-O-R-D-I for 15% off your purchase. Thanks to Qualia for sponsoring today's episode.


And in terms of kind of the cultural and and heritage celebrations that China is focused on in places like Columbia, Brazil, Panama, you could go, go down the list. Peru, we're seeing this all over. I'll just show you an example. Like in Brazil, they have these parades with, with Chinese people and Brazilians celebrating each other and their relationship. You've got the Chinese flags, the Brazilian flags waving side by side because they're trying to build versus destroy. At least that's the language being communicated, is playing a a diplomatic game at a high level while Trump is posting AI memes of himself here play this clip, You know, and then I'll give you this example right here as well.


You've got Marco Rubio making posts like this. This is what he posted over the weekend. He said, just hearing the Taliban is holding more American hostages than has been reported. If this is true, we will have to immediately place a very big bounty on their top leaders, maybe even bigger than the one we had on bin lauded. Look, there should be retaliation on the Taliban. No one likes the Taliban here in the United States. I should take that back. Donald Trump and Mike Pompeo seemed to like the Taliban. They invited the Taliban to show up at Camp David on the anniversary of September 11th during the first Trump administration. And they freed the 5,000 Taliban soldiers who ended up taking over all of Afghanistan.


And then Donald Trump did not withdraw as he said he was going to. And President Biden then had to withdraw from Afghanistan after the Taliban took over as a result of Donald Trump releasing the Taliban terrorist prisoners. But like what Rubio is saying here, this again is their social media diplomacy. I mean, he's saying if this is true, we will have to immediately place a very big bounty. You're the Secretary of State dude. Are you waiting for some Twitter username Jack 1 5 9 7 3 3 4 6 2 2 inform you whether this is true or not. Does daddy Elon Musk need to explain to you if it's true or not? What do you mean if this is true, you're the Secretary of State. Use your resources and also as the Secretary of State, are you gonna try to get us back into a war with Afghanistan that Biden got us out of?


Is is that the way y'all are handling these things right here? So look, I think it's important that we reflect on this awful, awful diplomacy or lack thereof by the Trump administration, but ultimately this isn't, you know, Trump posting memes, FAFO, look what we did to Columbia. I mean, Columbia just said don't send military jets and you're gonna screw we the people. I mean like Columbia provides a lot of coffee and a lot of other goods too. So let's just say you tariff Columbia, okay? Yes, it'll hurt them. It's also gonna make coffee prices here go up significantly because a tariff is a tax on the importer.


So all of the coffee shops that got their, their coffee beans from Columbia, they're gonna be the ones who have to pay more for it. And then they're gonna raise their prices on their menu. That's what Americans would end up seeing. So this is the or ordeal with Columbia, and this is what's going on. Trump's just creating a greater sense of solidarity amongst Latin nations and we're seeing that and, and, and they're further pushed to be allied with China. Tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million. Love this Video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.