
Your data is like gold to hackers, and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com cancel anytime terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Donald Trump is playing with toy planes in his office, the Oval Office right there. Take a look though at that mirror behind you. Zoom in right there. That's real. That's Elon Musk right there watching Donald Trump play with Toy Plains. As Musk is really running the show and just destroying our government. We just learned this as well, that Doge quietly has deleted. It's purported five biggest spending cuts that it was celebrating, or perhaps the headline should be lying about last week. So those are now removed from the site. And here was, here's what we're learning about as well. About 20 to 21 people who worked within the United States Digital Service office and office established during the Obama era that's supposed to help with all of the technology and, and, and the data and all of that.


They're resigning. They're saying the reason for their resignation is because that they're unable to basically perform their functions. We swore to serve the American people and uphold our oath to the Constitution across presidential administrations. And we are basically being asked to violate our oath of office by Donald Trump and Elon Musk. So they resigned. Let's bring in Democratic Congress member Robert Garcia. You know, we saw mass resignations, I think last week or the week before at the Department of Justice, both at SDNY as well as main justice. We're seeing more mass resignations here. These are important people as well because they kind of hold the infrastructure together across presidential administrations.


There got just, what are you making of all of this? The, the, the chaos, the cruelty. What's going on? I mean, look, this is, this is what Elon Musk has been all about. I think that it's, it's all chaos. It's complete destruction of the federal bureaucracy, and it's also incredibly damaging and hurtful to so many people. I've talked to so many people back home who are frightened. They're feel like they're losing their job. They don't know what to do. They had to respond to Elon's crazy. Send me, you know, your, your, the five things you did for the week email, which then they then retracted. So just a lot of chaos and confusion. And obviously at the same time, Elon Musk and his tech bro crew are, are lying and they're putting out savings that are not really happening.


And so it's clear. The one thing that's clear with all of this is that Elon Musk is pulling the strings. I mean, he, for all intents and purposes, is the president. Donald Trump has advocated all of his power and responsibility to Elon Musk and, and Elon Musk gets richer by the day. He was just getting more and more and more wealthy. And being the richest man on the planet is not enough for Elon Musk. I wanna show you this Congress member. There was a press conference held earlier in the day with Caroline Levitt, the press secretary. She was asked a question about who is the Doge administrator? Is it, is it Elon Musk who's, who's running this thing that's inflicting so much pain on the American people and they just, they just gaslight, I want you to watch this.


Hey, thanks Caroline. I wanted to ask about a federal judge yesterday was saying that they didn't know who the Doge administrator was and was asking the, the lawyer for the administration who it was, and the lawyer responded. I don't know the answer to that. Can you tell us who the administrator of Doge is? Again, I've been asked and answered this question. Elon Musk is overseeing Doge, they're our career administrator. There are no, Elon Musk is a special government employee, which I've also been asked and have answered that question as well. The administrator, they're our career officials at Doge. There are political appointees at Doge. I'm not going to reveal the name of that individual from this podium. I'm happy to follow up and provide that to you, but we've been incredibly transparent about the way that Doge is working.


John, I'm not gonna reveal it. We've been incredibly transparent. I mean, this is, this is a psycho, I dunno. So what, what, what in the world? Yeah, I I I'm not sure how you can say in one breath that you're being incredibly transparent and then, and just right after then basically say that she's not gonna reveal who the administrator is of their, their largest splashiest, you know, agency that they somehow created out of, out of thin air. So it, no, it's, it's, it's crazy. At the same time, we have to take it very seriously that they are ca they are causing massive harm, you know, and, and Elon Musk is of course doing all of this as, as we know. And If you have said many times so that he can give himself a huge tax break, I mean, he wants to be even more wealthy.


He wants his billionaire buddies and his companies to get larger tax breaks. And the only way to do that is to dismantle the federal bureaucracy, dismantle the federal government, and then of course, damage it so much that, that he and his pals can go around and scoop up contracts to then rebuild and build better products for the government. It's, it's a complete sham and it's gotta be called out. And I I'm glad that you're seeing Democrats on the ground right now, starting to get really fired up about it. Well, and I think you're also seeing independents, republicans, people who are not political also rising up. I mean, this is touching everybody in some way.


Whether your 401k is down right now, whether you've lost your job, whether a friend or someone you know has lost their job and is worried about being, you know, homeless, whether you are on Medicaid and you're about to lose your Medicaid because of this GOP budget scam that's gonna help the billionaires. Whether you have essential services that you rely on, whether the Department of Education was actually providing you services where it gets, like everyone's been touched, it seems already in such a destructive way. I'm seeing these Republican town halls even where Republican constituents are standing up and saying, what the hell is going on here? Now are, are you seeing the word vibe shift is the right way, but are, are we reading too much into these Republican town halls, or is something happening now that that feels and looks and is different?


Well, no, I, I think something's definitely happening. Look, I I've been home and, and talking to folks this last, last few days, and what you hear from, from, from everyone is that there is concern about Elon Musk and, and certainly there's more concern amongst Democrats and you know, you have some Republicans that are in the tank for Donald Trump, but a lot of people that are just, you know, maybe they're, they're, they may not be super political, but there might be independence or Republican leaning. They all don't understand what Elon Musk is doing. And they're all hearing stories about a friend who may have lost a job or, you know, a, a family member that may have been in the park service or worked for the va and now are having to essentially be frightened about keeping their jobs and not knowing if they actually have a future for themselves and their family.


So you are hearing that, and I do think, you know, a lot of republicans wanna blame, oh, these are just Democrats coming to these town halls for Republicans. I mean, that's just not true. Y yes, there are all types of folks that come to these town halls, but a lot of Republicans and independents are also coming to these town halls for Republicans because they're pissed, they're upset. And so there is a shift on the ground that is happening. We just gotta continue moving it. And, and we gotta continue to honestly encourage it because Republicans need to hear from people in their districts. You know, let's talk about the attack on you by the Department of Justice, which is what now referring to itself as Donald Trump's personal lawyers. I mean that guy, the United States attorney from the District of Columbia, who had no federal prosecutorial experience ever before getting this position.


He represent the January Sixers, he called them heroes. That's what he was known for before getting this very distinguished position. I mean, the United States attorney for DC is like the people who are usually the most experienced federal prosecutors of the most elite, and they give it to this guy. But, but he came after you. He wrote a letter saying that he was basically criminally investigating you because you utilized your free speech rights to, to criticize the Trump administration. And then he's out there saying, as president, this is what, what Martin writes as Trump's personal lawyers. He goes on and talks about how he's trump's as Trump's lawyers. We're proud to do this, we're proud to do that. Talk to us about these, you know, attacks on you.


You know, what, what that letter was to you, what, what your response is going to be. Is there any information that hasn't been reported? I mean, are they, are they, what's the status of that investigation? Tell, tell us. What do we know? So, I mean, look, they, they, they've asked us to clarify our remarks. There's nothing to clarify. A metaphor is a metaphor. I've been using figure of speeches my whole life. We all have, and I'm not gonna be silenced or backed down because Elon Musk or Donald Trump get offended by, by something I say. I mean, we're, we should be encouraging folks to bring the fire to our, to our debates. We should be encouraging folks to be tough in this moment, not to retreat.


So we're not gonna back down on that. But look, I will see what they choose to take to, you know, take as the next step that this us attorney has said that he's opening up this, this investigation. I'm not sure what, what much there is to investigate. I said what I said on, on CNN, it was, you know, out in, in, in the public sphere. And no reasonable person would assume that I said anything that was threatening. It was a figurative speech. I mean, saying that you think, you know, that the American people want us to bring weapons to this bar fight. That's a fig of speech. And, and I think we, we all know that. So we'll see what they do. But we're gonna keep, we're gonna keep being loud and strong and, and like I've told other Democrats, we can't be intimidated by these tactics.


Maybe If you can, I, we know that a lot of the Nagas watch this Musk may be watching this now, would, would you direct a message? A lot of the constituents are saying, why isn't Musk, you know, testifying before Congress? Why isn't he showing up before oversight or any of these, you know, hearings? So if, if he was watching this now, what would your message be about, you know, testifying before the house and letting the American people know what the hell he and, you know, Mr. Big Balls and his crew of 19 to 25 year olds are doing Now, Elon Musk, what, what, what are you afraid of? Don't be afraid of coming in front of our committee is what I would say to, to Elon Musk. I mean, I'm not sure what there is that he's so afraid of.


Folks like myself or Jasmine Crockett or Maxwell Frost, you know, just come before us. Allow us to ask you some questions to get to the bottom of what's going on. And you should be able to stand in front of the American public and be honest about what you're actually trying to do. And I think that's something that we've asked for. We Republicans shot that motion down unanimously. They don't want Elon mess to testify 'cause they don't wanna be held accountable. It's, it's quite cowardly. Congress Member Garcia, please join us again. Let's, you know, just at this point, it, it doesn't feel like a a, at least amongst the American people as a, as a Democrat, republican independent thing, it, it really feels like a bunch of tech billionaires are running the show.


Literally, you saw that first photo I showed you with Musk in the background, like pulling the strings as Trump's playing with like a toy, you know, and they're like, just screwing the people. And people are like, what the, what, what the hell is this? Like, this isn't what I learned about in, in government class. This isn't checks and balances. This is some Idiocracy authoritarian crap. Anyway, thanks for thanks Ed. If you wanna say anything else, I'll, I'll, I'll let you get to final work. No, just thanks for keep reporting this story. We gotta, we gotta continue to expose Elon Musk and, you know, turn this around. So thanks Everybody. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and thanks for watching. Can't get Enough Midas, check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.