
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial. At Shopify dot com slash special offer,


Your burger is served and this is our finest Pepsi Zero sugar. It's sweet profile. Perfectly balances the savory notes of your burger. That Is one perfect combination. Burgers deserve Pepsi.


What makes a great pair of glasses? At Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to warby parker.com. That's warby parker.com.


The MB playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customer bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 Plus and Impress in Virginia must be first online real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER


Reflecting on Donald Trump's disastrous G seven Appearance, if you even want to call it that, where he basically lasted about 12 hours in Alberta, Canada. Before leaving, I go back to a June 8th, 2025 post to President Zelensky of Ukraine and how important this G seven meeting was to Ukraine and to our allies on June 8th. President Zelensky posted in the coming weeks, important meetings and negotiations will take place in Ukraine. And we're doing everything to ensure that the June summits, the G seven Summit in Canada and the NATO summit in the Netherlands are not hollow.


Russia only truly understands one language, the language of force that is precisely the language that must become the working one across all formats of international engagement in the coming months. And then of course on Monday, Donald Trump left the G seven after being in Alberta for about 12 hours, not to meet with President Zelinsky on Tuesday. Then throughout Donald Trump's brief time in Alberta, he kept on basically acting as like Putin's agent. And he talked about how, how the G seven should really be called the G eight. Remember this. Let's play it Together very well.


I look forward to that. The G seven used to be the G eight Barack Obama and a person named Trudeau didn't want to have Russia Inn. And I would say that that was a mistake. 'cause I think you wouldn't have a war right now if you had Russia in and you wouldn't have a war right now if Trump were president four years ago. But it didn't work out that way. But it used to be the G eight and now it's, I guess, what's that, nine years ago, eight years ago, switched over the, they threw Russia out, which I claimed was a very big mistake even though I wasn't in politics then. I was very loud about it. It was a mistake in that you spend so much time talking about Russia and he's no longer at the table, so it makes life more complicated.


But you wouldn't have had the work Then he says that Putin speaks to me and nobody else. He bragged about how Putin speaks to him and praised Putin as the very first thing he did when he showed up in Alberta. Your playlist son, The biggest economy in the world after the United States. Well, it's not a bad idea. I don't mind that. If somebody wants to suggest China coming in, I think we suggest. But you want to have people that you can talk to. You know, they, they don't talk. Putin speaks to me. He doesn't speak to anybody else. He doesn't want to talk. 'cause he was very insulted when he got thrown out of the ga as I would be, as you would be, as anybody would be. He was very insulted. And I mean, he was thrown out by Trudeau who convinced one or two people along with Obama.


And then here's the moment where he says that he's leaving and you know, it, it kind of reminds me of like, like, like a, like a little boy, like a sleepover. And the other kids are like, don't want to hang out with him. And so he comes up with an excuse why he had to call mommy and daddy and and and leave. But anyway, how weird is this when he leaves here, play this clip Came on. Why you're leaving this G seven early for Washington? Well, I have to be back. Very important. I want just thank our great host, fantastic job Thank you in Canada. But you probably see what I see and I have to be back as soon as I can and have dinner with the these wonderful leaders.


And then I get on the plane. I have to be back early. Have you talked about a National security council? I loved situation. I tell you I loved it. And I think Let's bring Democratic Congress member Seth Moten, I mean whether he was going back to meet with the National Security Council regarding Iran. But congressman, he's with all of our top allies there who are trying to coordinate a strategy at the G seven for deescalation and, and trying to work together. He just seems very uncomfortable with them. He's now gonna miss the meeting with Zelensky. What are you making of this song? I mean, It's typical Trump. He is uncomfortable with our allies. He doesn't like our allies and obviously the feeling is mutual.


But this is a guy who has spent his career siding with Putin. He sounded like a Putin puppet puppet, a Kremlin spokesman in those statements that you played earlier. And it's kind of amazing that Trump just genuinely seems to enjoy spending time with dictators more than spending time with our allies in Europe and around the world. You know, he posted right before that disastrous dictator parade that he had this great call with Putin. He's like, Putin called me. He wished me a happy birthday. He was talking about Iran, that he knows so much about Iran, like bragging about this conversation.


Then shortly after Zelensky posts today, the Russians launched a stone cold combined attack on our energy infrastructure. This is a spit in the face to everything the international community is trying to do to stop the war. And it happened right after Putin's conversation with Trump after the Americans asked us not to strike Russian energy facilities at the same time as Putin tries to portray himself as a mediator for the Middle East and attempts to somehow assist his accomplices. And Tehran, the level of cynicism is staggering here. And again, it just, it, it does seem though that with zelensky, you know, you just, just put this together.


Donald Trump shows up in Alberta, serves as the agent of Putin says all of those things that we hear tomorrow or today, Zelensky supposed to show up on Tuesday and then before that Donald Trump jets, he makes all of these incredibly irresponsible posts. What, what does it even mean? Everybody in Tehran, a city of 9 million people leave right now. Exclamation point, leave right now without a plan. What are we doing? Well, how is this gonna, IM, are are our troops in No one knows what's going on. I mean, I think that's problematic. No, I mean, you know, we, we know that Trump conducts foreign policy by social media, which is not a good practice.


It doesn't usually go that well. It doesn't serve our allies well, it doesn't send a clear message to our enemies. But if there's one thing that you can predict about Donald Trump, I mean, 'cause we know he is unpredictable, right? And his friends will say, oh, this is one of his strengths. You know, they never know what he is gonna do. Well, if there's one thing that is predictable, it's he's gonna support Vladimir Putin. It's unbelievable how many different things, situations he's been in, terrible things Putin has done. And Trump is always there backing him up. That's the one predictable thing here. He's the commander in chief of the United States. I mean, if a general officer under him were to say these things, he would immediately be labeled a traitor.


That's what we call people who aid in Abbe. Our enemies traitors. And yet the commander in chief just keeps on doing it. You're a veteran. You served in the Marines multiple tours of duty in Iraq. So I gotta ask you about what you thought about that disastrous dictator parade. And you know, one of the things that I talked about on, on our show last night is I think it also just made the troops look bad. I mean, I thought it was disorganized, it was low energy. I personally do not support Trump co-opting the 250th anniversary of the Army and doing dictator parades through the center of Washington DC But also it was just so poorly exit.


Like it just looked bad. It was bad to watch. And now I think people have certain perspectives on what they, what they observed. Well what's your overall view? Yes, it makes, look, it makes everyone look bad. And it turns out that the US Army is not great at doing Soviet style North Korean style parades. 'cause that's not what people sign up to do. That's not what they're trained to do. And it's not what they want to do. This is an important point that I think is often lost on people who haven't served, is the military hates parades. That's why the army didn't want to do this. It's why Trump's first chief of staff Marine General John Kelly, shut him down when he suggested this in his first term.


So it's bad for the troops, it's bad for the country. It's a bad look for a democracy. And it also, by the way, costs a lot of money. I mean, upwards of $40 million. Imagine how much veteran housing you could buy for $40 million. You could help a lot of vets with that kind of money. And this parade helped nobody Talk to us about that. 'cause I haven't heard the analysis about the military hates parades. They certainly looked like they hated being there. That was for sure. And we did a video on that. Tell, talk to us about the culture inside the military, about why just even asking them to do a parade like that, if you had the most basic understanding of military culture, you would know in the United States, you would know that that ask would have this result.


Yeah, it's, it is like the, the worst thing you get asked to do. It is the thing you dread in, in basic training is have to march around and, you know, and get screamed at when you're outta line, you're a little outta step or whatever. I mean, this is the hell they put you through in basic training and, and you go through it because you don't wanna have to do it again. You get out of that, right? That's the whole point. And so no one in the United States military signs up to be marching around. You sign up to serve your country, you sign up to go overseas, you sign up to, to make sure that other people don't have to fight in your place. There are a lot of different reasons people join marching in parades ain't one of them.


And by the way, another reason you don't join the military is to go fight fellow Americans on the streets of Los Angeles. Talk to us about that because you know, obviously we see the National Guard being federalized you as a member of them, as a former member of the Marines, a veteran serving the way you did in Iraq. That I'm sure you know, you know, even the the division that's there and, and yeah, what must be going through their minds being sent to LA as Donald Trump uses the language of, of an invader of invasion.


And then Donald Trump has, like the Putin's, you saw his post where he goes, we're gonna expand basically this war against all democratic cities. And he goes, because they are turning everybody trans, like everybody's becoming trans. So we need to stop that. And I'm, and I'm reading this thing, I mean, turning everybody trans and we're sending Marines to stop everybody becoming trans. What the hell am I reading? It's just, I, I mean you're tempted to laugh, but it is actually deadly serious because he is undermining our democracy by politicizing the military. You know, if one leader, one political party controls the military, then you don't have a fair and equal democracy anymore.


Now what do the Marines think about this? Well, I have heard that a lot of officers are considering res resigning their commissions because they question whether this is constitutional, whether they're violating their oath to protect and defend the constitution, not the president, the Constitution, by carrying out these orders. These are active discussions going on among marine officers today. And it's not even the first time. I mean, I, I had for all my time in Iraq in a war that I disagreed with, you know, led by a president I voted against twice. I never questioned the lawfulness of orders we received. I didn't hear of that going on.


And yet in Trump's first term, even I heard from a lot of junior officers who were asking that question, you know, I, they've had their resignation letters already written, much like General Mattis did when he served as Secretary of Defense, knowing that President Trump was likely to do something or ask them to do something unlawful. So this is a, this is a dangerous time for our country. But I do have confidence in the Marines at least, you know, as much as you can have a confidence in any military unit to do their very best to uphold the law. So what do you say to those military officers right now who are being ordered to patrol American cities as Donald Trump uses the language of invasion and conquest against American cities?


And these are marines that you've heard from or you know, who are considering resigning as officers. How do they, if they're watching this, how do they think about it? How, how do you balance that? How do, how do you work through that? Given that if, if you're in that position And I just have three words, remember your oath. Remember your oath. That's what these officers, these marines need to think about every single day. Trump doesn't care about his oath to the Constitution one bit. He's proven that over and over again. But these marines have their honor, their integrity and and our country to remember when, when they're put in these situations.


So I mean, it's, it's, it'll be difficult. But another question I frequently get these days from younger people, including people who haven't signed up for the military yet, but are considering it, is, can I do this? Should I serve under this commander in chief? And my answer is always, actually, this is the most important time to have smart, honorable, courageous young Americans serve our country. Because you might have to have the honor and courage to actually disobey an unlawful order, which is not an easy thing to do. It's not easy for anyone to do in, in those shoes. It's horrifying, shocking that we're here having these conversations.


Although I do think the contrast in seeing the peaceful protests, those no kings protest, I believe really showed the very best of America seeing in cities, people showing joy and love and seeing diversity, you know, and just seeing it was almost 3% of the population out there, which is a big number for mass mobilizations. Before we go, I'd love to get your take on the No Kings protest. Yeah. I mean, hell of a lot more people than showed up for Trump's birthday parade, that's for sure. And I was proud to speak at a couple parades up in my corner of the world and in both places, you know, Beverly Lynn, Massachusetts, two small cities on the North Shore.


I I was just so impressed by the crowds, you know, actually really swamps skit. I was kinda a swamp skit lin thing. A small town on the shore and about a thousand people showed up. A huge percentage just of the people who live in that town came out to, to just say, you know, we, we remember that we're Americans. We're Americans. We believe in democracy. We don't support Kings Congress member Seth Moulton, thanks for joining us. Great to see you, Everybody hit subscribe. 10,000 away from 5 million subscribers. The truth is more important than ever.


Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100%. USA Union made.