
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spend $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's number one sports book two one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a price they have. My favorite brand. It's like a whole new bu dodge. Ah, I Think buy two. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals you'll love Burlington, I told you so.


The new KFC dunk it bucket with juicy original recipe tenders. New mashed potato poppers, crispy fries, plus three sauces that fit right on top of the lid. So you can dunk anywhere. You can dunk at the game dunk while security points to the no outside food sign and dunk as 20,000 people watch you and your dunk it bucket Get removed from the stadium dunk almost anywhere with the new $7 KFC dunk it bucket. Or get the double dunk it bucket for 25. Prices and participation vary while supplies last. Texas tips and fees. Extra


Trump voters are regretting what they did, especially individuals in the market who are or who are looking at their pensions and 4 0 1 Ks right now, or those in the investment community. You had people like Geiger Capital who had previously posted, no one other than fairly stupid partisans on the left think that Trump is truly going to implement 20% tariffs on everything across the board. Maybe didn't predict 145% tariffs against China or whatever cockamamie formula they used. And then Geiger Capital responded to their own post recently. I won't delete this tweet because I'm a man of honor, but yes, I was wrong on the tariffs in November.


He has indeed put blanket tariffs on every country. Trump 2.0 is very different. Also seeing a lot of posts like this. I've lost $208,000 since Trump became the president. I should have voted for. And of course the person can't spell Kamala Harris's name correctly. It says Camilla and other statements like this. It's no secret I voted for Trump, but I didn't vote for a global trade war. He better fix the strife immediately. If Republicans want a chance to keep the House or Senate, 71 million Americans have a 401k. We are the world's largest consumers. Our trade deficits could have been ironed out with a phone call. I believe this is a huge miscalculation.


Democrats should be jumping up and down tonight celebrating actually, we're not jumping up and down celebrating. This is a horrible time generally for the country. I mean, the pain that Donald Trump is inflicting other posts like this. I'm a small business in a small town, 99.9% of America's small businesses. We cannot survive the tariffs. I voted for Trump, so don't come on here and calling me a liberal. I I I can go on and on and on. Headlines like this. Market turmoil puts bro sphere support for Trump under strain. And while as of we're recording this, you never know with kind of the pump and dump meme, coin economy that Donald Trump has turned our markets into.


So I wanna be careful of what I say, but as the markets are once again in a crash mode right now, Donald Trump held a cabinet meeting and he talked about the big day. We had the prior day here Play this clip. Prescription drug prices are even to down. We're doing very well. It's it's been amazing. We had a big day yesterday. There'll always be transition difficulty, but we had a a in history. It was the biggest day in history, the markets. So we're very, very happy with the way the country's running. Very happy with the way the country is running. Let's call in Democratic Congress member Jimmy Gomez, Congress Member Gomez.


He's very happy, very happy with it. Transition problem. Very happy with it. What's what's your response to that? Well, it pisses me off. It actually makes me extremely angry. 'cause his, his economic plan, if he wants to call it, has just been creating chaos. One, we always knew taking on a having a trade war would be difficult, especially when you're picking a war with every single country in the, on the globe, including your own allies. That was, that's insane. I always, he always said, oh, these are gonna be easy to win, easy to win. Not when the opposition starts firing back. And that's what exactly started happening.


And he just created a, a tailspin in the marketplace where you saw the stocks going down, down and down. You also saw the, the consumer confidence crashing. You saw banks started saying, Hey, there's gonna be a recession, recession, recession. And it, it just was a complete chaos. And what happens is you're starting to see it hurt really working men and women, people that need to look at their receipt when they go to the grocery store or restaurant, they really need to buckle down. And here's the thing, those tariffs, he lifted the big ones, but not all the, all the tariffs. So what you're gonna see is you're gonna see the inflation still go up. People still hurt.


And and once that happens, people start tightening their belts, they stop spending, their revenues decline. And all of a sudden when revenues decline, the small business owner starts cutting back on hours and then laying off people. So we're in a downward spiral. It hasn't stopped just because he, he paused it for 90 days. The, the bond market super bad. Like to an extent, if you're, if people are not scared, they, they should be. 'cause they, we were on the verge of having a, a financial, economic meltdown. And this guy, the only reason he changed was because people were saying, Hey, this is gonna bring down the entire economy.


So this guy is costing people their livelihoods, their 4 0 1 ks. And I Think that that's finally breaking through to the people that voted for him. But this guy has no idea what he is doing. He listens to an economic advisor named Pete Navarro, who made up an expert called Ron Vera to justify his positions. That's insane. You run the lead, the congressional Dads caucus. You know, there were overall still in the last election, a lot of, you know, men who voted for, for, for Trump. I mean, but you know, men, dads, you know, are, are, I mean all Americans, but are feeling the pain.


What's your vantage point from the dad's caucus about what you are, you know, about what you're seeing? So the dad's caucus, we started off, we only had six members, now we're up to 45 members. And it really is talking about the issues that men and families care about. One, how do you survive? How do you actually earn enough? How do you make sure things are not going up and up? How do you kind of provide, and, and, and in a way really kind of acknowledges people where they're at. You know, you're a dad, you're a mom, you're struggling, but we wanna figure out how to make life easier for you. And one of the things that we've known is that when we talk to dads about raising a kid, saving for a house, losing a job, mental health, we had people talk, talk about mental health.


We'd have them talk about gun violence. When you talk about issues that impact them, they're more likely to have to listen to your other, other policies. Right? But when you sit there and you kind of like, you don't have that conversation, don't treat them as a, a valued part of your, your coalition. Well then all of a sudden they start moving away from you. And this appeals, the demo, the dad's caucus, we have everybody who is a, from a blue dog to a new dem to progressive members. It's ideologically diverse, racially diverse, and geographically diverse. It's one of the few caucuses that actually can do that because we start where people, where, where people's priorities are themselves and their families.


And a big part of that is health, making sure they're healthy, their families are healthy, their parents are healthy. You know, one of the things about this budget, in addition, the MAGA republican Trump budget, in addition to giving $4.5 trillion in tax cuts to the billionaires, is it's gutting Medicaid. But they almost pretend that they're not doing it like it almo. Not that it could even get worse, but it does in the sense that then they're deceitful about, like, that's not what we're doing when they're doing it. Here's what speaker of the House, mag and Mike Johnson said earlier today after pushing forward the senate blueprint, which by the way looks nothing like the House blueprint, but they're just pretending that they're gonna go along with this until, I guess what, we hit a debt ceiling and then we're in another crisis mode.


But here's what Mag and Mike says, then I'll get your response to it all. No one has talked about cutting one benefit in Medicaid to anyone who's duly owed. What we've talked about is returning work requirements. So for example, you don't have able bodied young men on a program that's designed for single mothers and the elderly and disabled. They're draining resources from people who are actually do that. So if you, if you clean that up and shore it up, you save a lot of money and you return the dignity of work to young men who need to be out working instead of playing video games all day. It you, we have a lot of fraud, waste and abuse in Medicaid. Just one, one tiny example, the estimate is $51 billion. Congressman. Your response to that, The Republican plan is really defund, defraud and lie to the American public.


And here's the defund. They're trying to cut Medicaid. They're trying to cut social security by, by making it so hard for people to get their checks. They're trying to cut the Department of Education. They're just trying to cut, cut, cut without giving a damn of who it's gonna hurt. So that's the defund. And then they wanna take that savings and use it to defraud the American people by giving tax breaks to the top one 10th, 1%, the billionaires, the ultra wealthy, and making sure that the corporations get a lower tax rate as well. That's how they're gonna de defraud the American people. And then they're lying about it. Here's the thing. He said, oh, that's not what we're doing.


Their own budget instructions to the Energy and commerce committee says you have to cut $880 billion out of federal spending. Well, they have jurisdiction over Medicaid, Medicare, and some other spending. Well, the other spending is only you cut everything to the bone, you get rid of it, you only cut 200 billion. So where do you get the other 680 billion in savings that they need? Medicaid. Yeah, they can do some tightening up of work requirements, which is shameful in itself 'cause it's gonna hurt, hurt working people. But that only saves you about a hundred and $120 billion. So they're, they're, they're straight up lying.


That's why I actually went to ADE's. Representative ADE's and Bakersfield's district held a town hall. He has 67% of his district on Medicaid and he doesn't care. And it's like, that's because either you're lying about the math lying that you're gonna cut the deficit or you're just lying about your entire plan. So there are defund, defraud and lie strategy. We gotta just expose it and make people know what really is going on. Finally, I gotta ask you about this. 'cause L-A-U-S-D is in your congressional district and L-A-U-S-D is sprawling in the, in the Los Angeles area with schools all over, but the headquarters is in your district.


So on Thursday, L-A-U-S-D confirmed that plain closed federal agents tried to question kids at two elementary schools in Los Angeles Monday. What? But were denied entry by administrators. Superintendent Carvallo said the agents claim they had parent permission to question the kids, but it wasn't true. Carvallo said the agents were seeking to talk to five children who came to this country as unaccompanied minors and are in the care of legal guardians. L ad's legal team is responding. The agents did not have warrants to access the campuses and especially where we're seeing the Trump regime disappearing humans without due process and sending people literally to concentration camps in El Salvador.


I mean, I want to get your reaction to this breaking story today and just generally of the disappearing of human beings with no due process. No, I was just made a aware of the sup superintendent. What happened to LA USD? It's extremely scary because this basically says that the Trump administration knows no bounds and, and it has no dignity when it comes to dealing with even young children. And as, as, as a dad, you know, that is something that worries me. And I'm glad that the superintendent and also the guardians of these individuals stepped up. Because even if you're undocumented, you have certain rights in this country. And I've been holding know your rights workshops have been going door to door handing out that information.


So people are not fooled by, by ice agents saying that they have a warrant when they don't. And that's the best way to protect right now, protect our communities, is to make sure they have that information. And here's the thing, when they're pulling people off the streets, sending them to El Salvador, that is just one step of pull pulling American citizen themselves off of the streets. He's even looking into that. If you basically, his press secretary said, oh, we're looking into it to see if it's legal. We don't know if it's legal. This, this administration, you know, doesn't care about the the law. They don't care about the custom and practices.


They're gonna try to push their agenda. And what people have to decide for themselves that one of these court cases, we'll reach the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court. If they rule against him and Trump ignores it, what are they willing to do? Because we're not a country of kings. We're, we're a democracy. And people are gonna have to decide, are we gonna stand up? Are we gonna let Trump actually trample on our constitution? This is getting real serious and real and real dangerous Congress member Jimmy Gomez, thank you for joining us. We need you to come back soon. You, you were here in the early days of the Might Defense Network. I remember we did an interview when the audience wasn't quite this high, so I'll always remember that January 6th right after that.


So congratulations on all your success. Thank you very much. Everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Can't Get enough Midas, check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcast, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.