
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spend $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem dry or visit chem dry.com today.


This episode is brought to you by Enterprise Mobility. From fleet management to flexible truck rentals to technology solutions. Enterprise Mobility helps businesses find the right mobility solutions so they can find new opportunities. Because if your business is on the road, they wanna make sure it's on the road to success. Enterprise Mobility, moving you moves the world. Find your road at Enterprise Mobility dot com.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a price they have. My favorite brand, this a i goodbye too. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll Love the deals you'll love Burlington, I told you so.


Another volatile and disastrous stay in the markets, at least as of this recording right now. Who knows if Donald Trump's gonna make another post saying bye bye bye to potentially manipulate the markets again. But this is where we're at right now. Our economy looks like a freaking Trump mean coin right now. And what are the MAGA Republicans saying about this? Oh, they think it's absolutely great. They love the American economy looking like the dollar sign Trump or the dollar sign. Melania meme coin. Here's Mega Republic Congress member Carlos Himenez. Here's what he's gotta say. He goes, no manipulation. I was sitting with a stockbroker and we, it was just, this is cool 'cause I'm sitting with a stockbroker.


Apparently that means no market manipulation here. Play this clip President, put out a post on true social at, what was it, 9:18 AM or 9:37 AM I should say, where he said, this is a great time to buy. And then of course after 1:00 PM he announced the pause or the, the blinking on some of the tariffs there. Do you have any questions about the timing there? Was he telling people when he, was he tipping people off? Was it market manipulation? No, actually I, we had, we had lunch with a, a major stockbroker, you know, from New York and, and we were talking to him about this tariffs and all that.


And then one of the things he said was, it's time to buy. And he had no idea what was gonna happen later. I mean, look, you buy when the market is low and the, and the market, I guess that solves the issue, I guess. I mean, you're literally congress. I mean, you're supposed to do oversight. I mean, no, I dunno, maybe you wanna look at the markets and see the unusual trading activity right before Donald Trump even made that post. And then right after, and then Donald Trump had billionaires in the Oval Office and they were all bragging about how rich they were getting, and everyone's got billions of do. I Think we have the video of Trump, literally with people in the Oval Office saying, everyone's getting rich. You were two 5.5, you made 900 million here.


Play this clip. He made, he made two and a half million today and he made 900 million. One more clip, I'll share with you mega Republican congress member Burgess Owen saying, this is amazing. They've got the greatest entrepreneur as the captain of America here Play this clip. Well, I, I, I'll say this, I, I Think America needs to recognize we're in a remarkable moment. We have an actual genius of an entrepreneur, number one, and one that loves our country and making sure that we're gonna be at the end of the day in a much better position. So I'm excited to seeing what's happening and, and I love also that he is showing what it is to reward good behavior, which all those, all those countries decided, they want to at least have a conversation that's good behavior.


Those who decide to retaliate on us, then they'll cut out of this whole process. So I'm excited about what's happening right now and then just, I'm excited about what's happening now. Re remarkable time. Let's bring in democratic Congress member from Texas, Greg Kas, congress member. Remarkable, remarkable times we're living in, huh? It's just remarkable how much a culture of corruption has completely infected and taken over the entire Republican party. Look, this is all part of the same story. They crash the market and then open it up to insider trading so that, I don't know, members of Congress, K street lobbyists, the billionaire donor buddies of Donald Trump can cash in after everybody's retirement accounts got screwed over.


They put out these sorts of crazy blanket tariff proposals. And then you've got the president's son out there basically saying, I'm here ready to accept bribes or a deal from foreign leaders and foreign oligarchs. They are, same thing with the whole doge scam. They are threatening your social security and your healthcare all in order to pay for billionaire tax cuts. So at the end of the day, this is all about basically taking your hard-earned money and giving it to themselves or funneling it to their buddies. That's all this is about. While that market manipulation appeared to be going on, while the markets, as of this recording, as I said at the beginning, it's tanking right now, but the, it trades like a Trump meme coin.


Is he gonna do a post, another pump and dump? Like what the heck is going down? What all of this is going on? The priorities of the MAGA republicans in the House and Senate was to put forward this budget to take the Senate's budget plan, which looked nothing like the house's plan, but then pretend that they were somehow similar and pass it. I guess the only area where they were similar is figuring out how to give the most tax cuts for the billionaires. I Think they had disagreements in how to conceal it, like the formula from the Senate looked different than the formula for concealment of the house. But, but, but talk, talk to us about what, what, what this is and, and, and what's going on. What they have spent the last couple of days fighting about on the Republican side is how much to destroy your healthcare to pay for billionaire tax cuts.


How much to destroy social security and the Veterans Administration in order to pay for billionaire tax cuts. Their one area of agreement, like you mentioned, is to give billionaires and the biggest corporations a tax cut. So the summary of the Trump administration so far is that they are jacking up your prices at the grocery store. They're jacking up the prices of cars, jacking up prices across the board in order to pay for billionaire tax cuts. They are stripping your services in order to pay for billionaire tax cuts and they want as many of your taxpayer dollars to go to billionaire tax cuts. And then they throw in a little bit of variety with things like the bill they packaged in with the budget yesterday to say, oh, and we want your overdraft fees to go up if you would just happen to go up, pay a few dollars too much for something at the bank.


We want the banks to take more of your money. So they, they throw in a few other ways to make things cost more, but at the end of the day, they believe that you pay taxes in order to make them and their friends rich and they believe you need to work longer hours for less pay to make them and their friends rich. And maybe they could do a little bit of inside or stock trading on the side. Look, at the end of the day, I Think this is an opening and an opportunity in the darkest out for Democrats to again, become the party of the everyday working person to put at the top of our agenda, getting big money outta politics, getting billionaires out of running our government banning congressional stock trading and say, look, we've gotta get rid of this unholy alliance between corrupt government and corporate greed.


Break that tie for good. And I Think that is what can rebuild the Democratic party at this moment and sweep us into office in the upcoming elections. You are one of the people leading the campaign to get, make sure Elon Musk is done on May 30th. You posted by law Elon Musk must be removed by May 30th, tonight, house Democrats and Trump, a clear message. The clock is ticking, the law is clear that people are watching fire Elon Musk. Tell us about that deadline and and what you're doing to try to get that done. I, I heard he was, I heard Doge was at FDIC, federal Deposit Insurance Corporation today where people depend on that, especially in times of this market manipulation.


The biggest news that people at home need to know that maybe they haven't heard is that under the law, Donald Trump must fire Elon Musk within the next 50 days. There is this part of the law called special government employee status and Musk has been exploiting that loophole in the law in order to continue to funnel $8 million a day in federal government contracts to himself and to his companies while screwing everybody over. Well, the clock is ticking and I just wrote a letter alongside over 75 other Democrats making it clear to Donald Trump that his days are just running out as a federal government employee.


The gravy train is coming to a stop and over the next 50 days, we need the entire country to make some noise and say that in 50 days Donald Trump has to fire Elon Musk. Otherwise he's breaking another anti-corruption law and we just can't stand for it. I know you've been speaking in red districts purple districts where MAGA Republican congress members have been two cowardly, two hold town halls. You were on the tour with Bernie and a OC. Talk to us a little bit about what you've been seeing, what you've been hearing. You were at the big hands-off protests. I saw your speeches, you know, you're there as well. You feeling a vibe shift even from when you and I spoke two weeks ago, The pushback against what the Trump Musk administration is doing.


It's here. There was a little while right after Trump's election where we said we didn't know if that movement would come. Well, that movement is here and it wants a democratic party that is going to stand for working people no matter what period, stop, end of the day, we've got to take this moment to be the pro working people anti billionaire party. And that is what I'm hearing all across the country. This message that I'm having here on Midas Touch is the exact same message I used on Fox News Live the other weekend, the exact same message I used on Univision in Spanish the next day. The exact same message that I bring into democratic districts, Republican districts and purple districts.


It's the kind of message that makes sense to the vast majority of the American people, which is you should work hard to be able to pay for the everyday things in your life, save a little bit of money and make sure that your kids can have a better life than you've got and be able to have a comfortable retirement. You shouldn't have to work and pay taxes in order to have a billionaire by puppet politicians and make himself rich. That's wrong. And that core democratic message, I Think that brings so many of us together and brings back those voters that we lost to Donald Trump. Did they invite you back on Fox? I did a whole segment. You may have seen it where I showcased. I mean, you were on Fox, so you don't need to watch my segment watching yourself on Fox, but I did a whole segment of of you on Fox.


Did, did, did they invite you back after that? I have have told them I'm open and ready to come on any given day. So I'm waiting for the invitation back. But in the meantime, I'm actually going to a Republican district that we just lost in Colorado. We had a great Democrat in that seat and we lost it here when Donald Trump won the presidency. I'm headed to that Republican area outside of Texas. I've been doing this in Texas. I'm headed across the country to go speak to those independent and Republican and disaffected voters and let them know that we can be the kind of party that includes them because I believe that we may disagree on this social issue or that one, but at the end of the day, we should all be able to agree that the richest man on Earth should not be coming after veterans, should not be coming after Social Security, should not be coming after your healthcare just to make himself more rich.


So I appreciate you having me on and we're gonna keep up the message. Democratic Congressman Greg Casara, thanks for being on. Thank you. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.