
Your data is like gold to hackers, and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com cancel anytime terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Hey, prime members, are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


So this budget that's providing massive tax cuts for the billionaires cutting $880 billion in Medicaid, unclear what's gonna happen. The Magar Republicans, some of them are very outspoken even against this. You've got Republican Congress member Thomas Massey moment ago moments ago saying that this is gonna increase the deficit by at least $328 billion just this year. If you take the best case scenario, that's part of the Republican talking points. This is what Republican Congress member Massey just said moments ago on cspan play it. Are you Still a no? Is there anything they No, they convinced me in there.


I'm a no. Is there anything? Look what, let me, let me their own numbers. If the Republican plan passes under the rosiest assumptions, which aren't even true, we're gonna add $328 billion to the deficit this year. We're gonna add $295 billion to the deficit the year after that, and $242 billion to the deficit after that under the rost assumptions. Why would I vote for that? So are you solidly a no? Yeah, they convinced me I was a lean no until this meeting. Not a no, and this no confirmed. This is a no. Why? What why? They're talking points.


Look, look, this is, these are not something I made up. This is from, this is the leadership's talking points. It adds $328 billion to the deficit. It adds $295 billion to the deficit the year after that. It, the only way they get to this magic thing where it's not going to kill our country is five years from now they imagine that 2.5% growth accumulates. And that even right here, they say they're gonna cap discretionary spending. You think we're gonna cap discretionary spending and then spend at the rate of, at the rate of inflation after that?


That has never happened. So their assumptions are wrong. But even If you take their assumptions at face value, they told us in there they're gonna increase the deficit in 2025 by three 28 billion. Let's bring in Democratic Congress member Tom Swazi, Congressman, what do you make of that? It it's gonna be way more than that even. It's gonna be way more than three $28 billion. You know, he's talking about thero assumptions. What they're doing is completely irresponsible is they are trying to reenact these tax breaks that they gave to the wealthiest people in the country and the corporations again, and they're not paying for it.


And they, at the same time, they're trying to talk about the deficit and cutting some of the most important programs in the history of our country. So it it, it doesn't make sense that the numbers don't add up. It's completely irresponsible. So Congress member Swazi, you're from New York's third congressional district. That's actually the area where I grew up in. That's in your district. I know that area very well. We're Very proud of our favorite sun and the fact that you have broken the record for the most downloads of anybody. Sounds good. Sounds good. My my, my mom will love to, would love to hear that. I think she's still living in the district as well. So my question for you though is, people on Long Island, people in your congressional district and across the country, do they like that Elon Musk and these 19 to 25-year-old Doge workers who call themselves big balls are going through their tax records and their social security information and their medical records.


What, what are you hearing from your constituents? Democrats and Republicans? I don't think anybody in America who's paying close attention to what's going on is happy that these young guys who've never been vetted. I mean, we, we, there's a reason that we have these confirmation hearings for people to join the cabinet. There's a reason that people get security clearances and background checks because you're dealing with highly sensitive information. And these 20 something year olds who are hackers, who are gamers, who are just looking at like in gaming, you know, looking for a win, looking for something to get, who knows what they're doing with this personal information that people have, who knows what the keystrokes that they're leaving behind are, who's supervising what they're doing.


And it's, it's, it's, it's almost, there's such a disdain that Musk seems to have for the importance of government and the importance of, of these, these records. And he, he, he almost like laughs it off. He doesn't realize how serious it's, If you have somebody in your family who's got a mental illness or you somebody's got AIDS or somebody's, you know, on, on SSI or your bank account, who wants to give out that private information to somebody who hasn't even been properly cleared, it doesn't make any sense to me. So I think that people are upset by the way this is being done. So cavalierly, I'm all for going after waste, fraud and abuse. I'm all for, you know, disrupting things. But you should have a plan. At least you don't, you don't fire people who are responsible for safeguarding the nuclear stockpile.


You don't fire the people that are responsible for preventing the avian flu or measles outbreaks in the middle of a avian flu or measles outbreak. Pandemic, I don't wanna say pandemic, that's the wrong word. You don't wanna fire people at the IRS when you're in the middle of tax season. I mean, they told the people, they said, we're gonna give you a buyout and you can take the buyout, but you can't take it until after tax season. 'cause it's too important. We need you here during tax season. Then they went and laid people off. Why are they laying off the people at the lowest level, the probationary employees at the lowest possible salaries? Why not wait for the senior people to retire? 'cause there's attrition every single year in the tens of thousands of people.


Let those people retire and don't replace those positions. I don't understand what they're doing. It doesn't, it does. It's so chaotic. It it's it's irresponsible. Yeah. I think chaotic, irresponsible. And I think to your other point, just cruel, like just treating human beings like trash. And a lot of these people who work in these government departments are veterans, disabled veterans. 26% of the workforce, the federal workforces are veterans. 26%. So in a s in society, 5% of people who work are veterans. 26% of the federal government are veterans. We're laying these people off. What, what, what, what about their, their lives? What about their service to the country? What about the fact that we encourage them to apply for a job with the federal government and now we're just like taking away their livelihoods?


That doesn't make any sense to me. It's, it's like you said, it's cruel. You know, it's not only chaotic, it's not only cruel, it's unconstitutional. The way that they're doing this is unconstitutional. And some Republicans, thankfully are starting to stand up and recognize that what's happening is unconstitutional. I think they're hearing from their constituents. Some of them actually have a conscience and believe in the Constitution and they realize that what's happening now is the executive branch and Musk are violating the Constitution right as we speak Now, Musk is what refusing to testify and or the, a lot of the Republicans are blocking every single time oversight tries to issue a subpoena or the Doge subcommittee issues a subpoena.


They, the Republicans are blo at leadership are blocking even the debate about whether Musk should have to show up. I mean, when I've been following a lot of these town halls and Ruby Red Republican areas, the Republican constituents, they're just also saying, in addition to being pissed, that Medicaid's being gutted, their services are being taken away, infrastructure projects are being dismantled. They're just saying, why not just, just do your job. You're a member of Congress oversight. Bring Musk in and ask him the questions. Or what are you trying to hide from us? I mean, that part, I don't get it. I mean, in the constitution of the United States of America, it clearly says that this is Congress's responsibility.


Now I can buy the argument that Congress has not done its job for a long, long time in trying to clean up a lot of what's going on in the federal government. I can, I can buy that argument. I'm not gonna dispute that. Why does it Musk make a list of all the things that he thinks he's found that are waste, fraud, and abuse or programs that he wants to cut, make a nice long list, bring it to the Congress, which is controlled by the Republicans. The Republicans control the Senate, the Republicans control the House Republicans control the presidency, bring the list to the Congress and let the Congress implement what you think should be done. But the idea of it just being done with a press release and willy-nilly and no plan whatsoever, I mean, we're not even getting to anything.


We're, we're, they've, they've been enumerating these things to try and get everybody all excited. 'cause it sounds so wild with no debate. I bet you that Elon Musk gets more in federal contracts than he is identified in things that he wants to cut. Elon Musk personally and his companies get more money in the billions of dollars, tens of billions of dollars than have been identified in things that they think should be cut. You know, I gotta ask you as well, third Congressional district, like, you know, all the other congressional districts out there, but I I know growing up there, how proud patriotic the third is supporting our veterans, supporting our armed forces.


So yesterday when we saw the Trump administration side with North Korea, Russia, Belarus, and Hungary bring the United States as part of an access of evil to vote against a United Nations resolution, that simply condemned Russia's unlawful invasion of Ukraine on the third anniversary. To me it felt like a, like a gut punch. What do you make of it? And what, what are your constituents feeling? Listen, I'm all about trying to work together and find common ground. I will never find common ground on this. I'm so pissed off about this. It doesn't make any sense to me whatsoever. Trump came out and said that Zelinsky is a dictator.


That is just complete bull. Putin is the dictator. Zelinsky was elected by 73% of the population of Ukraine in election certified to be a free and fair election by the commission that oversees free and fair elections in Europe. Putin is the dictator. Zelensky is democratically elected Putin and Russia invaded Ukraine. It wasn't Ukraine's fault, it was Putin that invaded Ukraine where they are killing people. They are raping people, they are abducting children and kidnapping them, taking them into Russia and telling their parents who were working at the power plant, for example, Hey, If you don't do your job at the power plant, you're not getting your kids back.


I mean, it's just, it's just so cruel and so brutal. What they've done, the idea of treating Putin like, Le I'm gonna go negotiate with Putin and we're gonna make a deal. This guy cannot be rewarded for his behavior. What message does this send to our allies? What message does it send to the little countries in the area, Lithuania and Lavia and Estonia and Moldova and other country, Poland? What message does it send to them that they're up for grabs next when, when Putin decides he wants to invade their countries 'cause he is not happy with something or because he wants some asset that they have? This is the wrong message to send to China that, oh, you go invade. You go fight. We may fight for a little while, but we'll give up.


In the end. We, this is an existential legacy defining moment for the members of Congress, for the Republicans and the Democrats to push back against what President Trump is proposing here. Because we cannot reward Putin for his actions that are violating everything. We believe in everything that we've stood for for decades, and we, by appeasing him, we're being no better than Neville Chamberlain was with Hitler during World War ii. Congressman Tom Swazi, as always, thanks for making me look good in front of my mom in your congressional district. I appreciate It. Hey, congratulations again on moving to number one. Thank you everybody. Hit subscribe.


Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs, syn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libs syn ads, go to libs syn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.