
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck T what do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customer spent $5 to get 200 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is knowledgeable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


I haven't seen one headline in a major corporate news thing saying Trump crime family. Didn't we hear that all the time with former President Biden Biden crime family. There's Biden Crime and Fire family that not a single day where I don't think we were talking about it. James Comer from the House Oversight Committee would talk about this incessantly proved absolutely nothing at all. His investigations went nowhere 'cause it was all built on lies and fake whistleblowers. I wanna talk about all of the things that are happening in plain sight right now, but I wanna remind everybody a video that we did at the Midas Touch Network. What we really just started, this is a video we made basically like five years ago at this point.


We called it the Trump Crime family then in 2020. And it's way worse now. But let me show you this video. Let's play it. The family is a criminal enterprise. Russian mobsters and corrupt oligarchs use Trump's properties not only to launder vast sums of money, but even as a base of operations for their criminal Activity. Money tied to human trafficking and prostitution rings. That's another big one. I'll Tell you what, it's an organized crime family, as far as I'm concerned, Bring to the times tonight. President Trump has a previously undisclosed bank account in China. That company mysteriously showed a huge spike in revenue right after Trump was sworn in as president. He goes to China, the kid is follow like a vacuum cleaner.


Follows and follows and follow Ivanka Trump. Your business won trademark approvals in China. The same day she met the Chinese president at her father's Mar-a-Lago Resort and Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner made at least $82 million last year. While serving as unpaid White House advisors Is a guy didn't have a job, but now he's taken in millions and plenty of it. There are New questions tonight about the Eric Trump Foundation. Charity Golf events meant to raise money for children with cancer. Hundreds of thousands of dollars went to the Trump family business. It's a crime family. He's following his father A crowdfunding campaign to build sections of the southern border Wall. This is private enterprise at its finest, doing it better, faster, cheaper.


Bannon is accused of taking nearly worse of that campaign to fund his own lavish lifestyle. The Only thing he built up is a huge bank account for his son. A lot Of disgrace. It's a crime family. We, we make good videos back then. I can do that just based on this week. That was 2020. Look at the headlines this week. Meanwhile, over at the Willard Hotel, Donald Trump Jr. And White House cryptos are, David Sachs held an after party and launched a club for the ultra wealthy called the Executive Branch that costs more than half a million dollars to join calling their club the executive branch. You had Donald Trump previously meeting with UA E's National Security Advisor and announcing a big deal this week.


Not a deal involving his horrible trade wars. That's harm our economy. But a fund backed by Abu Dhabi will be making a $2 billion business deal using a Trump firm's digital coins. The transaction would be a major contribution by a foreign government to Trump's private venture. And how about Qatar? Qatar and Dark Global will be developing a Trump golf or golf courses and villas in Qatar. This week. They announced that big deal, big deals for Donald Trump. Let's bring in Democratic Congress member Jared Moskowitz, your buddy James Comer, MAGA Republican from the House of Oversight Committee. Doesn't seem interested in, in any of this. Does he? Congress member? Well, look, the only rea I I have to imagine that the reason they're building Trump villas and Qatar and Trump hotels in Dubai is the plans in Gaza have fallen through.


Have you heard anything about the Trump Hotel in Gaza? Has that fallen through? That was a February thing where he would post the AI memes of himself, right? Yeah. Yeah. That was February. I'm, I live in the past. Sometimes I, I apologize. You know, look, Ben, the American people were told this the first time, okay? And then they were sold a bag of goods by James Comer. You know, that, you know, they were saying that we, you know, Joe Biden's being fed jello in the basement, but he's also a criminal mastermind, okay. With his son Hunter, you know, and, And that didn't work with mainstream America, but it was something they spent tens of millions of dollars million on in Congress pursuing Hunter and, and his father, you know, with this fake impeachment nonsense.


But I, I gotta be honest, I think the American people know this about the Trump family, right? Like, they know this. They saw it in the first term. Now he's not up for election, although he says, you know, the third term nonsense. They're selling all, all sorts of hats and shirts. He's not up for reelection again. And so, and he's got immunity that the Supreme Court gave him. So yes, this is a giant grift. You know, what these countries are getting, of course, in exchange for all this, we'll never know a Trump mean coin, villas, hotels, we'll never know what they're getting in exchange, but clearly they're not doing it outta the goodness of their heart. So yeah, the Trump family is going to leave this next four years probably making tens of billions of dollars off of the back of the President of the United States.


What I think is the most important point there also though, in addition to the fact that that's corrupt and unlawful and all of that, how the American is feeling right now, the average American who was promised all of these things by Donald Trump, and even though Donald Trump's out there giving speeches and saying, wait, What do you mean? What do you mean promised? I mean, our, we're in the golden age, Ben, we're, That's the point, right? As he goes out there right now and says, this is the greatest it's ever been. Your gas is a dollar and 89. Right? Right. No, he says, by the way, gas in Florida, a dollar 89, I think Scott Bessett then repeats that, oh, eggs are down 87% housing is more affordable. I did it. I did it the greatest ever.


And I think Americans, other than, you know, look, 35% of the MAGA crew, they're not gonna move. But independents and Americans are saying that that's not happening. It's not, it's not what, That's why his approval rate, that's why his approval rating's 39%. Right? That's why he's got the worst approval rating of any president in modern era in the first a hundred days. I mean, I said the other day that, you know, perhaps William Henry Harrison had a worse a hundred days than, than this president a a And so, you know, but Trump said something the other day on News Nation in the town hall. He was asked a question by Bill O'Reilly. Bill O'Reilly said, you know, if the tariffs aren't solved, Mr. President, if all this stuff in the economy's going, well, it's not gonna be very good for you in the midterms.


And actually what he said was he, he answered that by saying, no, I'll go out and tell the American people how great it's, And that is two things, admitting two things. One is, you know, that is Trump's kind of superpower. He just doesn't care about reality. And he goes out and tells people what the reality should be. But also, it, it also admits that the American people don't pay so much attention that they're able to buy that. I don't know that it's gonna work this time because, you know, you can tell people about numbers. They do not see, oh, you know, these are the numbers at the border. These are the numbers here. Those are not numbers that they can confirm, right? But going out and telling them egg prices are the lowest they've ever been.


People go to the grocery store and see that this Easter egg prices were the highest ever saying, oh, gas is a dollar 98 while they go to the gas station and see that it's three 50. Okay? Right? So he's not gonna be able to do that when the people can go out and verify these numbers, where people are losing their jobs, they're making less money, they feel uneasy goods are being more expensive. I mean, you're about to see that, right? The tariff stuff, you know, Trump talked about, oh, we gotta get these deals in 90 days. The 90 day thing is because that's really when the ships are not leaving, the stuff that was in storage is now on the shelves. And we get to a point where, you know, the goods are coming in that are now tariffed if they're coming in at all. I, I heard the other day on the radio that the president had a meeting with Christmas vendors, vendors that sell Christmas toys, Christmas ornaments.


And they said 85% of the stuff that we sell here for Christmas is made in China. And they have about six weeks to start getting that through production. And so as the president, you know, president promised he'd start no more wars. It turns out he started a war on Christmas after all that. How ironic, When Doge was first announced, I mean, you had said, look, I would, and and it wasn't described as being actually in the executive branch or what, whatever it is right now. You said, look, I will do oversight over, like, count me in as a Democratic member to try to hold Musk accountable. You, you got some criticism for that. But your point was, let me look through what they're doing because you had at the time had a sense, I know if they're doing a great job, great, but if they're not, there needs to be people who have oversight over overdose.


Right now, federal spending is actually higher than it was under former President Biden and Borrowing spending and borrowing. If anything, doge has added to the deficit. I mean, first has Doge in your view, now that you have a data dataset been a complete and utter failure, how would you describe it? And then two, what are you kind of doing even right now to fight back against it? Sure. Doge has been a complete and utter failure. Okay. First of all, I joined Doge for a couple of reasons in the beginning. One, because, you know, look, the polls were clear. 80 plus percent of Americans believe the government spends too money. And that there's waste there. I didn't want Republicans to own the messaging war on that.


That somehow Democrats were gonna defend the status quo and Republicans were the one only that were interested in waste. I wanted to take some of that away, you know, whether, you know this was gonna have legitimacy or not. The American people voted for this. And so it had legitimacy. But I, I wanted to make sure that we weren't seeding that messaging war. I also wanted to go to protect social security, Medicare and Medicaid, be in the room, because I represent a district where 120,000 people get social security. 90,000 people get, get Medicaid. And so it was important for me to go protect that. Well, let me tell you how this has gone, right? So we're now in May, the Doge Caucus had two meetings. They were both in January. I was at both of them. And they never met again. Not once. Elon never included the Doge caucus.


We never got any of our ideas. It was completely run out of the executive branch. So the Doge executive committee, something completely different. They're the ones who cut all this stuff. Congress was not involved. Okay? And also Elon fell 85% short of his goals. And now there is data that shows that they saved, they claim they saved 160 billion, but it actually cost us 135 billion to save the one 60. So Doge is a complete and utter failure. They also never did the e part. Ben, they were supposed to make government more efficient. E they just did dog, I guess they left out the e There's not a single department that's more efficient. And now that Elon is gone trying to save his company, the secretaries of these agencies are secretly rehiring.


You're not hearing a lot about that. They're rehiring because they have departments that don't work. The state department needs to rehire 'cause they don't have enough people, right? FAA needs to rehire. They don't have enough people. Okay? You know, so they're, they're trying to rehire these places to make the mark. Same thing with the Pentagon. They need to get people in there to make that place working. So Doge was a complete and utter failure, but I wasn't gonna let the Republicans own the messaging war because when you're in the minority, the only thing you have is that message. And, and I think actually we handled it well. Democrats, myself included, and others said, look, hey, look, we're willing to talk, you know, waste, fraud and abuse. Absolutely. We should look at that. A $7 trillion economy, you know, we should a $7 trillion budget. We, I'm sure there's stuff in there.


And look, I, I didn't committee it the other day. I took, I found a billion dollars of savings in the judiciary budget. They want to buy new cars, they want to spend $1.3 billion on new lawyers. They wanna do 858 million on bonuses. And I cut that to show them we can find a billion dollars worth of savings just in a quick, and they voted against it. Every Republican usually voted against it. So they're not serious. Elon's not serious. Trump's not serious on attacking the debt or deficit. Their tax plan's gonna add three and a half trillion at a minimum to the debt every year. And so Doge, which was supposed to get out our debt, is a complete and utter failure. Also, your MAGA republican colleagues, weren't they obsessed with releasing the Epstein files?


And they would say all the time, they had a whole committee where they were going to do that. And Anna Paul, You didn't get, you didn't get one of those white binders with, with publicly released information. I got one. It said the full files. The full files. And, and then they went out the right wing influencers of the White House. They tried to pretend that they were the files. Yeah. Then they looked at the list of the people that were in the files and they were like, shit, we know half these people. Yeah. I mean, Trump's name was literally in the call log, but that was information that was publicly released before. But now they just move on, right? I mean, they, they make that an issue. They push it out there as like a key issue for them, and then all of a sudden they're like, yeah, we're not, we're not doing that anymore. Well, look, that, that's why the numbers are where they are.


The truth is, it's not just Democrats and independents that are leaving them. It's some Republicans too, right? Like to get to 39%, you know? Yeah. You got your core MAGA base, but they're also losing some Republicans. And, and look, it's the chaos, it's the uncertainty. It's the distractions. You know, Canada's gonna be the 51st state, Greenland. We're gonna vacation in Gaza Panama, you know, we're gonna deport people to El Salvador. And they announced the other day. They're looking at Rwanda and the Sudan. These are all distractions to get Democrats and the media to stop talking about the economy and social security, Medicare and Medicaid. We shouldn't take debate by the way. We should stay focused on those two things. We should obviously defend due process and freedom, but stay focused on, from a messaging standpoint, the economy protecting social security, Medicare, and Medicaid.


That's the whole ballgame in my opinion. But yeah, not a great, not a great a hundred days for, for the president. You know, there, there is something about making a disaster and then trying to clean it up and take credit for the cleanup. But this, this is, this was all manmade Congress member. I, when I've been having members on and I've been interviewing them, I, I, I end with this question because there's things that I know and there's things I don't know. 'cause I'm not, Yeah, I do like long walks on the beach. Yeah, That's what I was about to ask you. Personal hobbies, favorite things to do, but No, but in all serious, just what are there issues that are not being discussed by media that you think deserve more attention, that you are thinking about that, you know, with our audience here?


You, you just wanna let people know One of the most destructive things that the Trump administration is doing at the moment, I, I'm hoping to work with them and reverse course and save it. But if I'm look, going off of the words of Secretary Nome, I, I'm deeply concerned. I'm deeply concerned what they're doing. But with fema, I mean, look, I'm from Florida. I'm a former director of emergency management. I'm the only director, former director of emergency management in all of Congress. But if they actually do what Christie Nome wants to do with fema, which is get rid of it, which is what she said, chop it up and give it to other agencies, which won't be more efficient, it'll make it worse. If she wants to mess with reimbursement, I mean, you could have a state like Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, they could go bankrupt if they get a category four storm and they don't have federal reimbursement, if the federal government isn't coming out and organizing resources, you know, 'cause FEMA doesn't have a lot of resources.


It's DOD that's got the resources. Other agencies, FEMA organizes that and brings it. If, if no one's doing that after a Katrina for Louisiana or a a Helene in North Carolina, people are gonna die. A and these places are not gonna have a good response. And they're, they're not gonna recover. I did Hurricane Michael, that was what one of the recoveries I did in the panhandle. Extremely poor area, all Republican, by the way, without the money the federal government sent in the first Trump administration, these towns would never recover. They'd be gone. And, and so this is something that, you know, we're not talking about, but we're getting into hurricane season and I'm worried about whether or not FEMA is gonna work. There are, there are people in the Trump administration in the West Wing, okay, that are from Florida and know this.


They, they gotta stop the secretary who's never done a disaster cleanup in her entire life, being from being the governor where she was okay that, that this is needed. That doesn't mean there doesn't need to be reform. Ben FEMA does need to reform. They need to get faster, smaller. They need to get out of homeland. They need to stop doing all of the immigration grants, let ice and Homeland run their own grants. FEMA shouldn't be running them. Okay? So there are things we can fix, but to get rid of this for the American people would be devastating beyond belief. And I haven't even talked about what they've done at NOAA about, you know, getting rid of weather balloons and getting rid of people, being able to figure out how we're gonna track these hurricanes, the hurricane hunters.


There's questions whether those planes are gonna be able to get in the air. There's time to still fix this on, on what Doge did to those two departments. That's why I asked that question at the end. I think sometimes the most important things are the questions that are least asked, and I think it's been proven. Once again, Congress member, thank you for joining us. You got it, Ben. Thanks everybody. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas plus.com.