
Have you ever spotted McDonald's hot crispy fries, right as they're being scooped into the carton and time just stands still.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com Cancel any anytime terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Every idea starts with a problem. Warby Parkers was simple. Glasses are too expensive, So they set out to change that. By designing glasses in house and selling directly to customers, they're able to offer prescription eyewear that's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Warby Parker glasses are made from premium materials like impact resistant polycarbonate and custom acetate, and they start at just $95, including prescription lenses. Get glasses made from the good stuff, stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Earlier this morning, we got some troubling news that jobless claims in America are spiking worse than expected. There were an estimated 242,000 jobless claims that were filed last week. This exceeded the expectations above most economists. And we're hearing now from democratic voters, Republican voters, independent voters, people who aren't even all that political, just how pissed they are. And we're learning about a lot of stories from people who were former Trump supporters as well, who are regretting their votes. We're seeing in Ruby Red districts as well, these red state voters showing up and saying, this is not what I voted for.


You promised this, you promised that none of the promises are happening, and in fact, prices are surging. I mean, you've got posts like this, the Let's Go Brandon store has its, they lost their lease. You have people posting on the various right-wing subreddits and social media chat saying that they're losing their jobs right now. A lot of people on Trump's social media platform responding to that bizarre post that he made about Trump, Gaza, and they were like, what the hell are you even doing right now? And I think people are realizing that this tax cut is a scam that's just gonna be helping the billionaires and screwing over working people.


While all of that's happening, you've got like Marjorie Taylor Greene saying that these federal jobs that are being cut are not even real jobs. And the people who are losing their jobs deserve it. Here. Let's play this clip. You can protest all you want outside of departments of this government. You can protest all you want, but the American people disagree with you. You're protecting the bureaucracy. The bureaucracy is not a business. Those are not real jobs producing federal revenue. By the way, they're consuming taxpayer dollars. Those jobs are paid for by the American tax People who work real jobs earn real income, pay federal taxes, and then pay these federal employees.


Federal employees do not deserve their jobs. Federal employees not do not deserve their paychecks. And these are jobs that can be fired at will. Wow. Let's bring in Democratic Congress members, Suha Subramanyam Congress member. First off, welcome to the Midas Touch Network. Your first time appearing. You are a Congress member from Virginia's 10th. What, what do you make of that? I know your district is being impacted by these cuts. Yeah, you know, she said a couple interesting things. She also said that Congress couldn't cut Medicaid, but that's exactly what they're trying to do right now. But you know, I represent a lot of federal workers and contractors and those are real jobs.


They're real people with real families. So certainly the government does actually employ a lot of people that many of them are veterans. But second, you know, aside from just that, I mean, you know, think of someone who's an employee at the IRS, they actually generate revenue for the government. They can gen, they can make sure that taxes are collected and make sure waste, fraud and abuse is, is found and removed. And so a lot of the federal civil service actually saves taxpayers money in the long run. That's why a lot of these programs exist. They were authorized by Congress to do just that. So, you know, what she said is not true. It doesn't make any sense. And but you know, we shouldn't be surprised.


Right. What we should be surprised about is, is a good thing, which is what you were saying before. I think now even Republicans are starting to understand that Trump's agenda was really just about helping the most, the richest billionaires and richest corporations at the expense of kids who wanna be fed and people who just want basic care on programs like Medicaid. You know, I'm hearing that Republican leadership all the way up to maga, Mike Johnson and Trump are telling the members of Congress, the Republicans, to stop doing their town halls because it was so humiliating. What happened then? Mag and Mike Johnson went on CNN about a night ago, and he was saying, you know, all of those people that you're seeing in these ruby red districts, he's like, they're not real people.


This is all fake. Don't believe your eyes. Let me just show you a bit of what he said then get your reaction to that. Let's play it. Just asking. 'cause as you know, your home state of Louisiana, about 80% of the Medicaid spending there is covered by the federal government. We've seen it in a lot of red states, of course across the United States. It's not just a Blue State issue, as you have, have seen through this, and we've seen the blowback that, that some republicans in your caucus that are getting, when they go back home to their districts worried about these cuts or worried about what Doge is doing. Do you have concerns that that's anything that, that Democrats will be able to use to, to run against those Republicans In the midterm? No, because the vid, no, I don't, because the videos you saw of the town halls were for paid protesters in many of those places.


These are Democrats who went to the events early and filled up the seats. If you had, if the videos had panned outside the Buildings, you can't argue they were s all paid protesters though, Mr. Speaker, many of them were. What are your Republican Acknowledged? They were his constituents. One Republican acknowledged they were cons constituents. That's fantastic. Okay. But they, Yeah. What's your response to to that? We had one town hall in my district that we had room for about 150 people in the room. 500 people came and people left. Yeah. But a lot of people actually just stayed in the lobby of the building just to hear what we were saying. And then ca came and talked to me afterwards.


We have one tonight where we, we decided to increase the capacity of the room. The 650 got a new venue and 800 signups. We had to close signups. And these are all real people. Not one of 'em is paid, and a few of 'em are, even more than a few are Republicans actually, who are really, really pissed off, to be honest. And so I, I think that that's, you know, I, he's gotta say what he is gotta say to cover his tracks, but he's not living in reality if that's what he actually thinks. I, I'll give you a little trip down memory, memory lane, although not so long ago when you were running for the 10th Congressional district, you did an interview from WSA nine and they were saying things about the economy then, and we're not really, we're not talking about years ago.


We're talking about months ago. This was the interview, this is how they were describing the economy. Then here play this Clip. I need to ask you here deeper on the economy. So top economists are saying, look, the GDP is solid unemployment numbers, the labor market have rebalanced close to pandemic levels. Inflation is at a three year low. So that's where it was. Then. I just wanted to that because in a matter of months, this guy has like taken a sledgehammer. Trump's taken a sledgehammer to this economy and I think has destroyed it quicker than most people expected. What? I mean, prices are surging right now, and he can try to distract with all of the posts that he's making, but the data's the data.


Yeah. If someone wants to describe the economy to me and the president's relationship to it as like a baseball manager and a baseball team where, you know, the manager can set the lineup, but they can't always hit, you can't always catch. And, but in this case, you know, this president has actually given us a lot of self-inflicted wounds. You know, you talk about the tariffs, for instance, and the threat of tariffs now private sector and, and the markets don't really want to make big investments right now. They're afraid of actually moving on investing in the United States. A lot of businesses come to a standstill here in Virginia. A lot of government contractors spend, you know, hundreds of thousands on millions trying to implement government contracts, and now they've been canceled overnight and they're never gonna work with the government again.


And, you know, they're trying to figure out where they are in this economy. But, you know, a lot of the disruption that's happened has directly led to this. And now you talk about getting rid of federal civil servants, scientists, you know, workers who are very essential to our government's operations. And So if you fire the person, for instance, involved in crop safety and health at the USDA, well, yeah, you know, you saved a hundred thousand dollars maybe in the short term, but it's gonna cost us millions over the next five years as we see damage to our crops. And that's just one example. You spread that across hundreds of thousands of federal civil servants and you end up in a really bad position.


So I, I think this is different than when we had struggles under previous presidents and that this is actually self-inflicted and caused directly by the president and his administration. Now, this is the first year that you've been in Congress. What I hear from the American people, they don't like process answers of we can't do things simply because we're in the minority and we can't hold the hearings. I think people are looking for fighters right now who are gonna stand up because people are pissed. Now you've been a very outspoken freshman member of Congress. You haven't hesitated to call out Trump and Musk in no uncertain terms.


You've been utilizing all digital platforms, as you know, being innovative in Congress. So the question I always get asked is, all of this is great, Ben, you, you know, Congress member Subramanyam is great. What, what, what can we do? What, what, what do you want us to, where do you want us to go help, help lead us because I think this is a time where people just wanna say, please help us and please tell us we're, we're ready to do what you want us to do to stand up to a lot of these atrocities taking place. Yeah, absolutely. You know, first I'll say, you know, I, I come from the state legislature and where no one really paid attention to what we did. So coming to Congress, when I saw I had the opportunity to speak on the floor whenever I wanted to, like, I've taken advantage of that.


And I think some of my colleagues are starting to as well. I, I think we in Congress do have a megaphone and we've encouraged each other to use that as much as we can. So even if we don't call the hearings, well, we can go on the house floor and call out the hypocrisy, call out the bad stuff that's happening and bring attention to it. And I, I've also tried to, you know, be on different social media platforms because we have to find people where they are. Right? It's no, everyone's not on, you know, in front of their TV at six o'clock listening to Dan Rather anymore, right. Where things have changed. Right. They listen to you, they listen to a lot of other mediums. And so we're trying to get out there as much as possible.


In Virginia, we have elections every year. And so I've told people now is the time, sign up with our campaign, sign up with, with any campaign and certainly the governor's campaign here, because we have a chance to send a message to the United States and to voters across the country right now. And then there's special elections as well too, so you can get involved that way. And, and, and third, you know, let's, especially if they're going to ignore court orders or, you know, really ignore the, the will of Congress and the American people and continue to break the law. Like, let's take to the streets. Let's do whatever we can. You know, the, I know the rallies don't feel like they make a difference. I know showing up to the Republican town halls doesn't feel like it makes a difference.


But let's keep putting the pressure. There's three Republicans that won districts that Kamala Harris won. Let's start there and let's go all the way out to these vulnerable Republicans. All we need is three people on any issue to stop it from happening. And certainly we should use all the leverage we can as members of Congress, but this, we cannot put the pressure without you. The people, we, the people working together and doing everything we can every day to make sure that this administration and all the Republicans and Congress know that we mean business. Congressman Sue Subramanyam, great to have you on the show. We hope you come back soon and you know, I'm glad you just said, Hey, we're, we're ready to protest and we're ready to be by, you know, you're ready to be by the people side when that happens.


And it's happening now, we're seeing it grow. Absolutely. Thank you so much. Everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and have a great day. Can't get enough Midas, check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing Is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.