
Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free, or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes. Without the ads,


The Magar Republicans are pushing forward what may be the most devastating budget in the history of the United States of America. We're talking about $880 billion in cuts to Medicaid. We're talking about adding $19 trillion to the deficit over the course of 10 years. We're talking about gutting infrastructure. We're talking about gutting important resources to farmers. And so what are they doing though? I mean, they are just outrageously glazing Elon Musk and Doge in like the weirdest way. Possibles. I mean, you got this MAGA Republican senator Roger Marshall out there saying, go Elon.


Go, go here. What? Watch whatever the hell this is. Play it. If I was Elon, I I'm asking him to double down, not go slower, double down and, and we're gonna correct the pieces as we go along as well. Think about what Elon did with Twitter. He fired 80% of the people when he took over Twitter, he changed the name of it and it's still, and now today it's worth twice as much as it was before. Yeah, it's not worth twice as much. It's, I think, worth a fraction of it. He ran it into the ground essentially. Then you've got a MAGA, Republican Congress member, Andy Barr on the Medicaid cuts. They're like, yeah, we need these Medicaid cuts. People are lazy, you know, lazy people. You don't deserve your Medicaid. This is what the MAGA Republicans are going with.


Play this clip coming up with The offsets. So when you look at mandatory spending, and this is a point that I've been making recently, is some of this quote unquote mandatory spending? Not mandatory at all. No. Look, I mean, Medicaid is a big mandatory spending program, but what we need in this country is for the American people to get back to work. Yeah. Work capable Adults need to get off of the taxpayer roles, and they need to get into private health insurance in private employment. This is what Secretary Besson and President Trump are talking about when they say re privatize the economy. This is good for people who are currently on Medicaid and Kentucky and around the country.


It's good for you. We're taking away your Medicaid. You want this? It's good for people in Kentucky while the Mag Republican Congress members do things like this, Republican Congress member Joe Wilson, has announced a proposal for a new $250 bill featuring Donald Trump's face on a quote, I'm drafting legislation to direct the Bureau of Engraving and Printing to design a $250 bill featuring Donald J. Trump, the most valuable bill for the most valuable president. This is Cartoonishly Clownish. I gotta get the take of Congress member Jake Kinloss, who's been very outspoken about how disastrous Doge has been and these cuts are, and this horrific budget Congress member.


What do you make of this? All 30% of Kentuckians are on Medicaid, and I'm sure they're gonna be thrilled with Andy Barr's viewpoint that what they really need is to be kicked off the roles. Those new moms who are just so darn lazy, they don't want to go back to work during that 12 weeks of maternity leave. Or those families raising children with intellectual developmental disabilities who rely on Medicaid as a lifeline. Those seniors who are at home getting care that only Medicaid provides $60 out of every a hundred spent in this country and not home care comes from Medicaid. They're not lazy, they're not shirking responsibilities.


There are individuals who need access to primary care and preventative care and at-home care, and Medicaid provides it. These Republicans are touching a hot stove in slow motion and they are going to get burned. The Congress member, I mean, you're telling me that people in red states are not rooting for things like, like this, like Trump, Gaza. They're not focused on whatever this image is of. I don't, I don't even know what I'm looking at. That Donald Trump is posing telling me that they're not focused on Elon Musk at a beach throwing money in the air and seeing Donald Trump post that. You're telling me that the American people are getting pissed, that their Medicaid is getting taken away, that essential services are being gutted, that they're waking up feeling less safe.


Ben, I'm glad you raised the chaos, the corruption of Doge and the attempts by the president to pay, to play fetch with our attention span. Because Doge is a magic trick. It's not saving money, as you know, it's misdirection. It's trying to direct American's attention spans towards what one hand is doing so that they're not gonna be paying attention to what congressional Republicans are doing, which is taking an ax to Medicaid. Donald Trump doesn't have to face the voters again. So I understand what he's doing. He's trying to hook up all these tech billionaires who invested in his campaign and who probably bought all of his meme coins that he issued. He owes them tax cuts.


But for the life of me, I can't understand why congressional Republicans are allowing Donald Trump to frog march them off the gang plank. Because when they go home to their town halls and they have to explain to new mothers and to kids and to seniors that they cut off their lifeline to healthcare in exchange for Elon Musk firing some federal aviation administration staff or FDA staff, they're gonna get thrown out of town. You know, Donald Trump is, he was saying today he was blaming the egg prices on the administration, but he was acting like he wasn't in charge.


He was just saying, you know, these egg prices are going up. I, I gotta go speak to the head of the Department of Agriculture and just see what's going on here. I'm, I'm pissed about this. But wasn't he the one who promised that on day one he was gonna bring down prices, housing was gonna be more affordable, there was gonna be all of these so many jobs, you aren't gonna know what to do with all of the jobs. And you know, I think what we're seeing in the kind of consumer sentiment and as Donald Trump's approval is plummeting that despite Donald Trump's efforts to try to distract and corporate media kind of buying into the distraction framework, I think it's hitting people hard and they're going, wait a minute.


I can't even find eggs, my grocery price slip. What are you seeing across the country, in town halls in your district? Is this a democrats, Republicans independent? What are you seeing? I want everyone who's listening right now to go and take a picture of their most recent home insurance bill in their most recent car insurance bill. Save that in your photo library. And then a year from now, I want you to look at the bill that you get. I will sit here and virtually guarantee you that, that those bills will go up by double digit percentages. Why? Well, homes and cars are basically bundles of steel, aluminum, semiconductors and lumber.


And President Trump wants to add taxes to all those things indiscriminately, and then he's going to harass or deport the workforce, particularly for housing that constructs them and our home and our car insurance, what they are is they're messages from their future. They are messages saying, here's what it will cost to rebuild or repair your home or your car in the future. And that's why American's insurance bills are gonna go up now for the actions that Donald Trump has taken that will affect the economy later. We're gonna see not just inflation and insurance costs for home and auto, but also insurance costs for healthcare.


Because when he kicks millions of Americans off the rolls of Medicaid, those Americans don't stop getting sick. They just go to emergency rooms. And those hospitals have to cross subsidize the cost of those ER visits by raising the rates. They charge commercial insurers. So individuals who are getting their health insurance through their employers will be paying more higher prices on health insurance along with car and home insurance. This economy under Donald, Donald Trump's current direction will see inflation. But Congressman, I, I gotta, I gotta push back on you because one of the things that Trump is saying in addition to Trump, Gaza with giant golden statues of him and him and Benjamin Netanyahu with their shirts off hanging on the beach and whatever the heck Again, those photos, those photos were that he's been posting, he's got, he's doesn't, he, he's got gold cards.


He's going to change the immigration system. He's gonna replace what we have and he's, he says he's going to sell immigration. It's 5 million a pop. Like people have a black card. 'cause a lot of Americans can relate to having an American Express black card. He's like, I'm gonna give you a gold card. So he said this word for word Russian oligarchs, for example, you chi Chinese oligarchs, you buy in five mil, you become, you get your visa, you become an American CI citizen and bang, $50 trillion. 50 trillion is what he's saying. But Ben, he missed, he missed a clear business opportunity.


'cause what he should have done is he should have required these gold card applicants to buy his mean coin. That is the key is you gotta apply buy Trump coin, and when you show him the crypto wallet with Trump coin in it, then you can come into this country because monetizing citizenship goes hand in hand with monetizing the presidency, which he's already done on day one in office. It no, in seriousness, this gold card idea, it's typical Trump in that he takes this kernel of legitimate bipartisan policy, whether it's the NIH and saying, Hey, we need more research efficiency or, you know, it's, it's the DOD and saying, we need more procurement efficiency, or it's immigration and saying, we need to figure out a, a way to fix our high talent immigration system.


And he takes it to this weird and cruel and unproductive place. We absolutely do wanna attract people who create jobs who are entrepreneurs or engineers or scientists. We have a system for that. It's called the H one B Visa system. We should expand it. We should improve it. There's bipartisan support to do that. What we shouldn't do is have people spend $5 million so that they can go play golf with Donald Trump at Mar-a-Lago and you know, commiserate with Vladimir Putin. You know, one of the areas where we're seeing a lot of cuts in as well is health, N-I-H-C-D-C. And you know, the same way I feel like Republicans try to normalize and like school shootings and just be like, it's the second amendment.


So, you know, that's what, that's just what happens. I, I saw the Secretary of transportation, secretary Duffy also, you know, doing this with the, the plane crashes and a lot of the things like, you know, planes, planes crash. That's just, you know what, we get used to it like that. Like that's what happens. And I saw you, you, you had RFK junior today basically trying to say, you know, there was that death with caused by measles in Texas, which that does, that doesn't happen. Measles outbreaks like this because of low vaccination. That's not normal. But you have the secretary of HHS going up there and saying this always ha this is, this is normal measles outbreaks.


This is, this is what we're used to hear. Just play this clip if we have it. 'cause it was a shocking moment. We, Bobby, do you wanna speak on that please? We are following the measles epidemic every day. I think there's 124 people who have contracted measles at this point, mainly in case county, Texas. Mainly we're told in the Mennonite community there are two people who have died, but the, we're watching it and there, there are about 20 people hospitalized mainly for quarantine. We're watching it. We put out a post on it yesterday and we're gonna continue to follow it.


Incidentally, there have been four measles outbreaks this year in this country last year for 16. So it's not unusual. We have measles outbreaks every year. You sound a little under the weather yourself right now. Are you? I just, I have a permanently bad throat. What do you just make of all of it? There are measles outbreaks right now in Texas and Georgia. I'm on the Committee of Jurisdiction for Health and Human Services. And just yesterday we were in a hearing about our oversight responsibilities for the next two years. And Ben Congressional Democrats had this outlandish idea that one of the things that we should be overseeing was Secretary Kennedy's viewpoints on vaccines.


Given the fact that for the first time in 20 years a child in the United States has just died of measles. That we have measles in at least two states and outbreaks elsewhere. And that the top public health official in this country believes that chicken soup is more effective than the mm r vaccine for preventing and treating measles. And in RF K's own words, when he got measles as a kid, he took vitamin A and had chicken soup. And that is the preferred approach for dealing with these outbreaks. He refuses to tell parents to get their kids vaccinated, even now that the outbreak is spreading. So congressional democrats just said to congressional Republicans, Hey, should we bring RFK to Congress to explain to us what exactly he plans to do about a measles outbreak?


Congressional Republicans did two things. First, they laughed and second they voted down the proposal. They are just as accountable as Donald Trump and RFK is for any more children who die of measles. I think. We'll, we'll leave it on that note. We'll, we'll bring you back as well and keep checking in with you. Your leadership on the Hill has been a great thing for us to watch and I just like that you're bringing the facts. You're going on Republican territory also and you're, you know, you're speaking, you're speaking to their voters and their turf also, and you're doing a great job. So thanks Congress member. Thank you Ben. Everybody hit subscribe.


Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


My marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs, syn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.