
This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one. Ready to eat meal service factors. Fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me. Chuck S GPT. What do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 To get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem? Call one 800 gambler.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next with Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself in ammo savings alone as a proud gun owner. I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman matches, X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's MantisX do com.


So Donald Trump's one big beautiful bill that they're trying to ram through. Congress was exposed today in perfect form as one big, beautiful, massive scam. As democratic members of Congress led by Democratic Congress member Tom Swazi pointed out that all of Donald Trump's promises when you actually read the bill, it turns out they are scam. So let me show you what Congress member Swazi was asking. An individual who's part of the kind of nonpartisan tax group that like ranks these pieces of legislation. Here. Take a look at this Mr.


Okay, on tips, the president said your tips will be a hundred percent yours. Is this tax bill continue the payroll tax on people's tips? Yes, it, yes it does. Mr. Overtime, the president said your overtime will be tax free. Does this bill continue the payroll tax on overtime? It, it does not Exempt over time from the payroll taxes. The President said he is gonna remove taxes on social security. Does this bill remove taxes on social security benefits? The legislation provides an increased exemption amount for, but does It remove taxes on social security benefits is promised by the President. Does not change social, the President and this the Republican.


That's how it's done right there. Let's also show you Democratic Congress member Doggett. Here's what he points out. Let's play it Mr. Baral, that this legislation fails to extend the enhanced tax credits that lower the cost of insurance for millions of Americans who purchased their own coverage through the marketplace. That that's correct. And when the Republicans permit these credits to expire in a mere seven months, what is the effect on health insurance premiums for those individuals that rely on the marketplace today? Work that our staff has done in conjunction with the Congressional budget office suggests that that premiums will increase for individuals.


Sir. Yes sir. They go up about almost 8%, I believe is the specific calculation that you did. And is it true that this failure on the part of Republicans will raise premiums not just for those, not that they'll raise them really for nearly everyone in the marketplace, not just for those who receive the subsidies? That's, that's correct. That's part of the analysis. If my understanding is correct, failure to extend this policy will result in an increase in the number of uninsured Americans. Is that right? That's correct, sir. That's Yes, sir. And I've, let's bring in Democratic Congress member Tom Swazi Congress members, some great questioning right there.


Talk to us about it. This seems like it's one big scam. What do you make of it? You know, it's like, it's like, as they say, it's like bizarro world where you're just in a, what completely two opposite worlds. You've got the Republicans saying the big beautiful bill and it's gonna improve the economy. It's gonna do all these great things. And then you have the Democrats like myself saying, this is gonna massively increase the deficit. You say you wanna be the party, your working class, but you're cutting the taxes for the wealthiest people in the United States of America. Again, you're paying for it by kicking people off of their health insurance. Some of the people that need it, the most, almost 14 million people estimated by the Congressional Budget Office. And there's a whole bunch of provisions that they promised they were gonna do.


For me, the state and local tax deduction is the big one that the president said, we're gonna get you the state and local tax deduction back. And they're not doing it. They're, they're only increasing it from 10,000 to 15,000, 30,000 if you're married. But there's at least four Republicans that have come out and said, we're not voting for this bill unless you make it higher. So it's just, it's it's, it's the same old divided attitude. You know, why can't we just like sit down and work together with each other? Why do you have to reduce the taxes for people who make a million dollars a year from 39.6 down to 37? I mean, why? You know, they don't need it. And you can, you can, you can pay for some other good stuff. Let's go through all those things one by one and break it down.


So first there were the promises made and as you showed, promises not kept right. So MAGA republicans are out there and they're telling people that the tax bill contains the payroll tax on tips. You said, does this tax bill continue rather the payroll tax on tips? And the guy goes, it does. So that's not there. You talk about tax on payroll, tax on overtime. Can you just talk through what Trump was saying on the campaign and what you exposed first as not actually being in this bill? Well, Trump came out and said, You know, a hundred percent of the tips are gonna be yours. And so what's gonna happen is you're gonna have to continue to report your tips.


You're gonna have to pay your social security tax on the other taxes that you pay. They're your payroll taxes. Your employer's gonna have to pay those taxes. And then when it comes time for your income tax, at the end you, they're gonna say, oh, you don't have to pay the other taxes on those. But you, the taxes are, are, are that, You know, and that's, it's a wonderful thing to try and reduce people's taxes, especially people on tips or people who are getting overtime. Same, same thing. You're gonna still have to pay your payroll taxes, but why can't we instead pay for this by increasing the taxes back to what they were before 2017, back to 39.6 for the people making a million dollars a year. I don't make, that doesn't make any sense to me. I mean it, why can't we just, why can't we work together?


And we've heard, how many times have you heard about the deficit? The deficit, the deficit's gonna destroy our country. It's our biggest threat that we face in our country. The deficit, the, they're increasing the deficit by $4 trillion. So to put that in perspective, the deficit in, in the past when we had to do like some big projects and stuff was 1.5 trillion. They're gonna do a $4 trillion deficit in one year. It's, they're gonna explode the deficit. It's, it's just the, I don't, I don't get it. So, so we first talked about promises made, promises not kept, but then let's talk about the threat to health insurance, the threat to Medicaid. How bad is this bill right now for people on Medicaid?


It's awful. It's awful. Tell us about it. It's awful. You, You know, there are people that are on Medicaid. There are people that got the Affordable Care Act benefits when it was extended to their states. Like the chairman of this committee's from Missouri, and this guy Senator Josh Hawley from Missouri, a big republican, wrote an op-ed piece in the New York Times yesterday and said, You know, we don't wanna still be the corporate, the corporatists in the Republican party. Let's look out for the working families. And we passed a law, a constitutional amendment in Missouri to give them the right to have Medicaid used to pay for the federal Affordable Care Act for people at certain lower income levels. And they're gonna be cutting it from the federal government. So they're going to pay for it at the Missouri level if, if they want to conform with their constitution.


It's, it's just, it's just nonsensical. Why would you make, think about that. 14 million people. You know how any individual stories that is of peoples like trying To get by and they have some tragic thing happen in their family and then somebody's got cancer or they get hit by a car, or somebody's got cerebral palsy, somebody's got dementia or something, You know, some major problem and now they're gonna lose their health insurance. That's, it's just, it's rotten. Let's talk about salt. When you talk about salt, it's an acronym for state and local tax deduction. What were you told was gonna happen? And you have a lot of MAGA, republican congress members from New York also, You know, who said that they wouldn't be supporting it unless certain things were done with salt.


Tell us about their, what I, I Don't wanna take up too much time on this, but lemme just tell people. State and local tax deduction was the first deduction given to people in 1913. So when they first started the federal income tax code, they said, we're gonna tax your income at the federal level. And the governors and the mayor said, don't do that. Don't do that. We wanna tax 'em at the local level 'cause we gotta pay for the schools and garbage and things like that. We don't want you to tax at the federal level, just use tariffs the way you always used to. In the old days. They said, no, we're gonna deduct, you're gonna let you deduct your state and local taxes, the money you've already paid in taxes from your income so you don't have to pay taxes on the taxes you've already paid. That was in place for a hundred years. In 2017, Donald Trump and the Republicans capped that deduction at $10,000.


That's a killer for people in New York and California and Illinois and Massachusetts and other places that have unions, other places that have low rates of uninsured people that ensure our children, ensure our adults. So we have higher taxes to pay for these. We have more mass transit, more infrastructure. So we, we have higher costs because of those things. Now, they took it away. They said, we're gonna cap it at $10,000. That made people's taxes actually go up. So a bunch of people came out and said they we're against this. We wanna get the state and local tax deduction back again. President Trump came to Long Island in 2024 during the campaign and said, I'm gonna get you salt back. I'm gonna get it back. I'm gonna make things better for people here.


We're gonna get salt back. And a bunch of Republicans in this Congress came out and said, we're not voting for this bill unless you give us our state and local tax deduction back. And they said, you, you, you, you, you double crossed us. You've only increased it from 10,000 to 15,000 for a person filing singly or 30,000 if you're a married couple. And, and they said, this is an insult. This is unfair to us and it is unfair. So I'm hoping that these republicans that have stood up and said, we're not voting for this unless we get salt will stay strong and they will hold people's feet to the fire and get us our state and local tax deduction back again and again. Just raise the taxes on the richest people in the country back to what it was under Clinton, what it was under Obama when the economy was booming 37 back to 39.6.


It will generate hundreds of billions of dollars. Finally, what happens next? Because I know we're hitting that debt ceiling soon. Treasury Secretary Scott Betson put out some statement like the account, he said something, even like the accounting games I'm playing right now, by the way, which is like a total red flag. I'm not gonna be able to do them. I think he said, come July or You know, or whatever it was. It's, it's coming up pretty stupid. The bottom line is, some Republicans are gonna try and say this bill's gonna pay for itself because we're gonna have so much economic growth. Their whole trickle down thing, supply side economics that never has worked ever before. It's not gonna work this time. And we're the, the cuts that we're doing is gonna pay for, it's not gonna pay for itself, be they, and how do we know it's not gonna pay for itself?


Because the Republicans are putting in this bill an increase in the debt ceiling to allow the president to borrow $4 trillion. I know you hear these numbers. Trillions, billions, millions, $4 trillion. The total debt of the United States of America right now is in about 30 some odd billion dollars, trillion dollars. They want to add $4 trillion to it. They wanna increase it by 10% in just one year. That's never happened before. It's the biggest increase in the deficit that's ever happened in the history of the country just from these tax cuts that they're providing in this bill. So it's all, it's all phony baloney. I mean it's just really just, it's, it's heartbreaking How many people are gonna have to suffer because of this bill and because of those, you said the broken promises that have Been made, is this gonna get passed though?


Or is this gonna, this, I mean I've heard senators say that they're not. What's gonna happen though? What do you expect? I Think that you're gonna have a fight in the house first over the next week about whether to increase the state and local tax deduction or not. And the people are gonna try and get it increased. And there's gonna be a bunch of other moderate Republicans who could saying, you're cutting Medicaid too much. You're cutting Medicaid too much. Too many people in my district are gonna suffer because of this. Then it's gonna go over to the Senate where there's gonna be even more pressure on the cuts to Medicaid that they're not gonna wanna cut Medicaid. So a lot of these Republicans may be walking the plank in the house only to have the Senate try and change it later on. Or they're all gonna walk, walk in single file and, and do what the president I ask 'em to do when he calls 'em up and says, Hey, you gotta do this.


Well great questioning today and please come back and let's talk about what's happening. Keep our audience updated. We appreciate, Congratulations on the webby. Thank you Congressman. Congressman Tom Swazi America. I appreciate it. Thanks man. Thank you so much. Have a good one. Everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million. Can't get Enough Midas. Plus check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.