
Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions. Apply. See terms and conditions@klm.com.


I'm ready for my Life to Change a, b, C tonight. American Idol returns. Give it your all. Good luck on up the golden Ticket. Let's hear it. This is Man's world. I've never seen anything like it. And a new chapter begins We Going Hollywood. Carrie Underwood joins Lionel Richie, Luke Bryan and Ryan Seacrest on American Idol. Season premiere tonight, eight seven Central on A, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com Cancel anytime terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


I'm William Gug, a URI collaborator and professional ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing. I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to uri.com/william. That's vu OR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


I'm joined by Democratic Congress member Jim Hinz, the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee Congress member. Given your position, the sensitive intelligence you see as a ranking member of the Intelligence Committee, I gotta ask you your reaction to what we saw last week and frankly over the weekend with President Trump and his administration's attacks on President Zelinsky of Ukraine. Yeah, well, we're in a mighty weird world, right? And I mean, you can just, you can just see it out there. The Russians are thrilled. Dmitri Pesco, the spokesman for Putin is saying, it looks like the United States and Russia are aligned now on our goals. Remember, this is the country that is responsible for 70,000 deaths in Ukraine that brutalized a struggling democracy.


And you know, we have always, certainly in my lifetime and well before the United States has always stood with the good guys, right? You know, in 1941, in 1942 in World War ii, we didn't say, oh, so many people are dying in France and the UK and Germany and you know, we should bring an end to this. We've always stood with the good guy. And right now you've got Donald Trump in his administration trying to convince the American people despite the civilian bodies. You saw the raped women, the children who were murdered in the town of Buca. You've got the Trump administration trying to convince the Americans that this is some irrelevant conflict where we're just trying to stop the violence between two pesky combatants, right?


We, for the first time in our history in a major conflict, certainly in Europe, are trading our heritage of standing up for what is right and good and liberty in favor of Donald Trump's bizarre internal hatred for Ukraine in particular, but for anybody that it perceives as not powerful and strong. And that's radically changing the way our allies think about us, the way we're thinking about us. And it's just enormously concerning. It's like, why is this even a question? How is this even a close call like Russia wants to destroy us, Ukraine is our ally. Like what the heck are we even talking like, do you have that reaction sometimes?


I mean, look, your committee in particular was a, was a very bipartisan community. Intelligence, don't care if you're a Democrat, Republican or independence, it's about keeping Americans alive or whether people are gonna be dead. That should be a bipartisan issue. But how are some of your colleagues, I mean, you gotta be looking at some of these people and being like, what are you doing? What are you doing? Yeah, no, absolutely. And by the way, I'm gonna struggle like crazy to make sure that the Intelligence Committee remains sort of not partisan, not caught up in the politics. You know, we, we, we do a lot of stuff abroad. C-I-A-N-S-A surveillance counter-terrorism. It's really important that we have oversight even in a moment like this that is really fraught.


But look, you know, Trump and his people, and by the way, almost all of my Republican colleagues here, with the startling exception of Lisa Murkowski, who stood up and said, this makes me sick to my stomach, stomach, look, foreign policy can be complicated, but this is not complicated. When the Russian spokesman is saying, we're excited by where the United States is, our goals are aligned, and the United Kingdom with whom we have fought side by side since the Revolutionary War and all sorts of conflicts when France, when our, all our allies are saying the United States is gone. The United States is no longer the global leader. You know, when Russia is saying, you're doing it all right? And our allies are saying, you're doing it all wrong, guess what? You're doing it wrong. And you know it's gonna take a very long time.


It a very, very long time for the United States to reestablish. You know what Reagan called a city upon a hill. What JFK in his 1961 inaugural address said we would pay any price, bear any burden for the survival of liberty that is gone. And you know, it makes for a much, apart from what it does to us, our ethics, our morality, our values. It makes for a much more dangerous world. How do you exist in a bipartisan intelligence committee environment where the Director of National Intelligence is Tulsi Gabbard who goes out there every day?


And I mean, this is what, this is what Peskov said yesterday, and this is what RT wrote, how, how the new US authorities are changing political configurations in the world voting together with Russia. And the UN was previously unimaginable. The US foreign policy largely matches Russia. And for those who don't know, Peskov is like the, the, their Caroline Levitt, basically their press secretary is PR person. But then you have Tulsi Gabbard goes on Fox right after. And here's what she says, What happened in the White House after close to an hour of conversation when President Zelensky directly challenged President Trump and Vice President Vance in front of the media and the American people, he really showed his lack of interest in any real good faith negotiations.


I can tell you there were a lot of conversations that were happening through different emissaries, both for Zelensky and for President Trump leading up to his visit there to the Oval Office and President Zelensky. Immediate escalation there was, was frankly quite a surprise. What do you make of that co blaming Zelensky for the Escal? That would be exactly what Peskov and Russia would be saying. Well, And it is what they said, right? I mean, I never in a million years imagined that I would be on precisely the same page as Dmitri Peskov. But he said it perfectly. The United States has reworked the International Order and they're on our team now and think about, think about what happened in the Oval Office.


And look, I understand why Marco Rubio, who spent his entire political career standing up to Russia, you know, as a cu as the descendants of Cuban refugees. I understand, you know, why the Cabinet and Tulsi Gabbard, the people who work for the president, need to lie through their teeth and radically change the per the people that they were just three months ago. But you know, what's really painful is my colleagues here who are just coming up with this stuff, including that line of thinking. Let's, let's, let's step back from here. Zelensky is watching 70,000 dead Ukrainians every single day. Missiles are slamming into hospitals. Children are being killed on their way to school. This is what he's seeing. And he comes to the Oval Office and a reporter asks him why he is not wearing a suit.


And JD Vance says, you don't say thank you. Think about I, look, Tulsi has this theory that Zelensky was a little aggressive. He's presided over a brutal invasion, 70,000 dead Ukrainians. And the vp, the effing VP, wants him to say thank you for the aid that we've grudgingly provided, by the way, too late thank you to the Republicans in the Congress. It took us a year to get that supplemental package done. And by the way, this gets to the real truth of the matter. You know, half the Republicans now, all of the Republicans don't wanna support Ukraine because the dear leader hates Ukraine. But can you imagine 70,000 dead Ukrainians of brutal invasion? And JD Vance wants you to say thank you. And by the way, I've met with the president any number of times and all of his people, and the first thing they say always is, thank you.


It is disgusting. It is sickening. It makes me wanna throw up as I watch that tape of what happened in the Oval Office. Talk To us about what you're seeing across the country, though. You know, we're seeing these town halls in even Ruby Red Republican areas. People are pissed at what they saw in the Oval Office, how Donald Trump and JD Vance treated Zelensky. They're pissed that America right now is looking like an authoritarian regime supporting other authoritarian regimes. They're pissed that they're Medicaid is getting cut. They're pissed that Elon Musk and a group of 19 to 25-year-old guys who call themselves big balls or whatever, they're are going through their private information, their social security data, their medical records, and they're being told billionaires are the best people to give all your private information too.


And they're hearing about tax cuts for billionaires and they're getting screwed and prices keep going up. Trump posted this moments ago, paid troublemakers are attending Republican town halls. It's all part of the game for Democrats. I just wanna get your overall take on, I guess first the vibe that you are seeing in the country right now. Well, first of all, you know that the White House realized after that Zelensky meeting that they had a problem, right? Because the Cabinet Officers Cent Rubio, they all within, you know, 10 minutes were putting out exactly the same stuff about how this remarkable president had doing courageous things that no President Ez, you know, the talking points went out. They knew they had a problem.


I mean, frankly, the talking points and the propaganda that the cabinet put out would make the North Korean Poll Bureau throw up. But they did that. And you know, look, I agree with you. There is a lot of anger and concern. Foreign policy has never been the thing that has driven American voters by and large, most American voters. It's the economy and, you know, okay, fine, Donald Trump deny what is happening in all of these Republican. Imagine that they're all paid fine, you know, underestimate the rage that is out there. 'cause I want you to underestimate it so that when we have the house election in 2026, we wipe the floor with your people. But here's the thing, right? Foreign policy is generally not all that important politically to most Americans, right?


But what they're talking about, and you brought it up, they're talking about cutting Medicaid. This is health centers, this is hospitals. Listen to a hospital, talk about Medicaid, any hospital, it is grandma in the nursing home who doesn't have assets. And so she's being paid for by Medicaid, it's Pell Grants. They're cutting all of that, they're cutting all of that for one reason and one reason only, which is to lower the corporate tax rate and to provide an ongoing tax cut for the top 1% of the people in this country. That's what's happening. And oh my God, you know, pull anything in this country. And what you will see is that lowering the taxes of the wealthiest people in the country by cutting aid to people who need that aid to children, to indigent grandmothers absolutely toxic.


So, boy, If you think those town hall meetings are bad now, you ain't seen nothing yet. I always get asked. I people say, look, we get that Democrats aren't in control of, you know, Congress. We understand they don't control the center of the Executive branch, but they still wanna see a fight. They still wanna see, you know, I mean, what, what can you do? Is Elon Musk never gonna be testify before any committee? Because he's gonna claim that he's a super secret, you know, puppet master And what, what, what, what do you, what do you tell the people though who are saying, we still want, you see, you see some of those poll people say they want Democrats to fight more. And I guess a lot of people say, well, what does that look like? 'cause we don't have, you know, the control, but people say, we don't care.


Do something, go get out there and do it. What, what does that look like to you, Congressman? Yeah. Look, we, you know, like it or not, the American people decided that the Democratic party would be in the minority in the house, the minority in the Senate, and that the Republicans and Donald Trump in particular would be in the Oval Office. They took away almost all of our tools now in Westport, Connecticut, which I represent, or the upper west side of Manhattan. That is mind boggling. And I tell people, look, you, you can't underestimate your opponent. Go to Altoona, Pennsylvania, get out of the East coast areas that don't understand this so that at least you understand it, right? Because what we can't do is respond to that, to the maga instinct with condescension, with what I hear all the time, which is, oh, those people are so stupid.


That is fuel that turbocharges the Mag Maga movement. So start by understanding what it is that caused America to take us out of the equation, then do everything you can, right? And in the house, sadly, there isn't a lot. All we all we can do is communicate, by the way, the house has a tiny Republican majority, so the moment they need our help, we're either not gonna work with them because they're not abiding by the law anymore. Or we are going to have a long list of things that if they wanna, for example, pass a budget or not shut the government down, they're gonna need to do. But look, right now, there's just no getting around the fact that the, that the, the sharp edge of the spear are the courts, which over and over and over again, the courts are saying, sorry, you can't do that.


No, you can't do away with birthright citizenship. No, it is Congress's prerogative to control the purse strings not yours. Now, what makes that a little complicated is back to my North Korean poet bureau. Almost every single Republican around here is totally happy to be that North Korean poll bureau. Yes, sir. Yes sir, yes sir. And to not stand up for the Congress's checks and balance authority that the Constitution suggests that we should have, You know, I'm, I'm not gonna talk about the intelligence community now because I get you want that as much as you could take politics out of that. Let's just focus generally though on the members of Congress. You know, you, you've been a member of Congress since, what, 2009.


So you, you, you, you've grown from a, a freshman member of Congress to now a ranking member on the House Intelligence Committee, but you've grown with a lot of, you've seen a lot of these members now for, you know, what, 14, 15 years. So you've seen them shift though, and I'm sure you've seen people who you consider, you know, you could, you could, you could grab a coffee with you could hang with you, you could, you could play some ball with, you could, whatever, you know, and, and all of a sudden they're out there and you probably think, wait a minute. Like this is like a what are you doing? Like what, like, do you have those moments? Like what, how does that work? When, when people who you, I'm sure you're friendly with, they're like, dear leader, they become dear leader people. That's gotta be strange.


Exactly. Exactly. You know, sadly, we had a real preview of this after January 6th, 2021, right after, on January 6th, 2021, when there were people in the building who wanted to kill all of us on January 7th. Republicans were, were, were, were gobsmacked, right? Just shocked, shocked and appalled. Probably two weeks later or so, you saw this effort to deny what we all experienced, you know, and it ranged from, oh, well yeah, there were people who were a little bit outta line, but they were confused to people who said, Hey, it was like any other day, a bunch of tourists coming through the house.


So we've seen this movie before, and I can tell you the anatomy of it, right? Roughly a third of Republicans are absolutely paid up members of the cult. I'm thinking of the Jim Jordans of the world, who no matter what principle and values do not matter, whatever Donald Trump wants, he gets, then you've got a sort of middle group of, of people who are a little appalled by what they see. But they know that if they speak up against Donald Trump, it's curtains. Look at Bill Cassidy, Senator Bill Cassidy, who voted for the impeachment of Donald Trump, but has not stood up against a single one of Donald Trump's insane cabinet nominees. So that's that group. And then you've got a pretty substantial group, and I work with a lot of these guys who just don't wanna talk about it.


They just don't, you know, I really just wanna get my bill passed through financial services, or I need to stand up for this base. So please don't ask me that question. You can identify that type. Because when a reporter sticks a mic in their face and says, what do you think about Donald Trump, you know, siding with the Russians against Ukraine? They say, oh, I didn't see his comments, I didn't see his comments. I haven't read the statement. So, so that's kind of the anatomy right now, the Republican party. But of course, what is missing, other than arguably one or two members, you know, Lisa Murkowski, who made a very strong statement about the Oval Office fiasco, you know, none of 'em, none of them will stand up to Donald Trump because they know that doing that means the end of their political careers.


We used to believe that political careers weren't the be all, end all, that If you were in the service of a, of a, you know, obviously amoral, at best dictator, maybe you make a point of resigning your position and make a statement of principle, it just, you know, isn't happening Congress. Remember Jim Hymes, thanks for the chat. We appreciate it. Thanks a lot. Thanks for having me. Everybody. Hit subscribe and let's hit 5 million subscribers this week. Can't get enough Midas, check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now, and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Lipsy ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.