
It's turn time. And with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 plus in President elect states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non-controllable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply, including token expiration and max wager amount C terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear, $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


As the markets are crashing today as a result of Donald Trump's announcement of what he called Liberation Day, which feels more like annihilation day or recession day. Donald Trump is sending his surrogates on various media platforms, but it's definitely giving off that kind of Baghdad bob kind of vibe, or a pink dress lady kind of vibe from North Korea. I mean, they're trying to claim that everything is absolutely great and things are amazing, but the markets would tell you otherwise. Also, getting very bad economic data as well today about the job cuts that are coming out.


Some of the worst job cut numbers that we've seen in a very, very long time. I mean, really since the great recessions of 2008, the third highest monthly total on record. I mean, you take a look at what Howard Lutnick is saying though, and he's telling you, Donald Trump's commerce Secretary, this is great. Everything's amazing. This is what a great day. It's liberation here. Just just Play this clip. You're right, in the long term, but in the long term, we're all dead. So how long are we gonna have to wait for the benefits to come pouring in? Well, you started hearing it recently when Donald Trump yesterday said, we have about $5 trillion of committed investment to America, $5 trillion.


That means people are gonna start building factories right now, And that means all that construction work begins now that starts to employ Americans today. You're going to see plants being built, factories re rebuilding. All shifts are gonna be running hot across America. Now you're going to see employment leaping starting today. The data would suggest otherwise. And also factories don't get built in a 24 hour period as much as they'd like to will then into existence. Let's bring in Connecticut Governor, Ned Lamont. Governor, you have a business background. Of course everybody knows before becoming the governor of Connecticut.


What's your reaction just generally to what's going on today? I Think Howard Lutnick is whistling by the graveyard. I Think this incredible uncertainty is a real drag upon the economy. I Think investors have spoken. You see that with the market reaction today. People don't know if they should invest or not because they don't know what tomorrow's gonna bring. The, the herky jerky style with the tariffs is just symptomatic of this administration where every day is more incoming and that's bad for the economy. Let's talk about your plan. I mean, we can talk for probably unfortunately, hours about the damage that Trump and Lutnick are causing almost every single day with just the, the chaos and it's the new terrible announcement.


But what, what are you doing? I mean, what should Democrats be doing? What's the plan? I, what we're doing in Connecticut is working through our budget as best we can based upon the fiscal 24 numbers. We get about a third of our revenues from the feds, but we have a reserve in case there's a lot of incoming, let's say they want to cut $800 million out of Medicaid in our state. We're modeling right now in terms of who gets impacted, what we can do to soften some of those impacts. But I gotta remind people, there's no way the taxpayers of Connecticut could ever make up for all the federal if they pull it back as dramatically as they're talking about. How about the impact of, of tourism on the state, you know, Donald Trump's attacks on Canada and Europe.


You know, we're hearing about the boycott 75, 80% tourism, boycotts from Canada. We're seeing Europe now also kind of joining that movement. Are are, are you seeing things in Connecticut that are, that are worrisome on that front? N not so much. I, I don't think I can blame tourism here in Connecticut on the president. Most of our tourism is, is the greater region. Look, if you're down to Naples, Florida, Canadians have stopped coming. I, I know that story here. We've had more tourists visiting the state of Connecticut in the last three years than ever before in our history. But most of that is regional. A lot of that is cars. Let's talk about the emergency measures that you talked about a few days ago that may be necessary as a result of these cuts.


Can you first just talk more, more broadly about these kind of the, the Doge cuts, the Trump cuts, the are, are any social security administration offices being shut down or services being cut off? What, what are you hearing from your constituents in the state? I'm hearing that Doge says, we're just getting rid of waste, fraud and abuse. That's nonsense. All they're doing is pushing costs onto the state we've already had. When we get cuts, we don't get any notice. All of a sudden the portal turns off when, and they stop paying for daycare. They stop paying for health department services, they stop paying for education, and we have a pretty substantial rainy day fund, about 18% of our budget.


So we're able to manage a lot of the smaller items as they come along. At least for the near term. What worries us is the big items. Medicaid could be enormous and there's no way we can manage that by ourselves. You know, I Think it's a great point that you make right there because, you know, look, you as a, as a business person before being governor, when you roll out something new, you want to try to do it with the least amount of instability, the least amount of chaos. You wanna let people know what the plans are. You know, and it's just interesting to hear from you to say, you know, one of the big issues is, is just when Doge happens to make a whatever it's gonna do, you even as the governor, and I'm sure you're hearing from other governors and maybe talk to that aren't, and, and it's on a bipartisan basis.


It's not just because you're a democrat. Something hits and then you kind of find out about it as the governor. Frankly, the way a recipient of the service who's relying on it in a life or death way would find out because the website is shut down, a portal is closed, and then people are panicking and they're frantic because it's not being communicated. Speak to that chaos. If you can Talk to us, say, I'm gonna have work rules for Medicaid. Okay, I understand that. Or we're gonna phase in over the next 12 months and this is what you can expect. We think snap benefits are gonna be trimmed back. Don't do it tomorrow. We'll do that over the next six months.


I'm, I'm a little different than the senators and congressmen and every day they just, you know, bang it, you know, president Trump, I also try to work with Red State governors. I talk about how Medicaid cuts will hurt my hospitals. It'll really devastate your rural hospitals in Tennessee and Kentucky. Maybe this is an issue we can work, work together on. And, and that's the thing about you. I mean, look, your reputation always has been, you're someone who wants to do your best to work across the aisle and, and get things done. If it benefits Connecticut, they're making it awfully hard. When, when, when a, when a tariff announcement hits like this, you know, knowing your background and, and you're trying to, to to work with it.


They ain't making it easy on you. When you have days like today that they call Liberation Day and tank the markets and crash people's pensions and destroy people's lives, it kind of makes it difficult. My deal with the legislature here is no surprises. And I wish our deal with the federal government was the same way. It's been a partnership going back a long time. I understand President Trump won the election. There are gonna be changes now let's work that through. So it's the least harm for people. And by the way, liberation Day, really the only thing you're gonna do is liberate my consumers wallets of about two or $300 a month. That's what's gonna get liberated. Te tell us briefly about your budget.


How you frame things and how you, how you think about things and, you know, and, and is it different than what you're seeing at the federal? Well, a we have to have an honestly balanced budget. You have to have a balanced budget that's very different than the federal level. You know, unlike a lot of Democrats, I put a big emphasis upon growth. So a lot of the investments we're making are to keep our economy growing. That solves an awful lot of problems. We're making the biggest commitment, for example, the daycare and childcare in history. I love it because, you know, we, Democrats like it. It gives kids the very best headstart in life. The businessman and me likes it 'cause it allows people to get back to work. So those are the type of investments we're trying to make.


And they also have some powder in reserve just to take care of the unexpected as it comes from Washington. These like unguided missiles that come in every day or two, You know, I Think you said that, you know, this is, again, not liberation day, this is tax day. This is just another word for Americans are going to be taxed. What, what, what do you expect is gonna happen though? I mean, we're, we're really in unchartered territories. I mean, look, we've, we've seen historically recessions have happened, but they're usually not so self-inflicted and obvious. If you look at Smoot Hawley tariffs back from 1930s, we, we, we know where this ends.


It ends in very bad economic places. So what, what do you think happens and what, what do you, what do you urge Donald Trump and, and, and others to do in this moment right now? History us mentioned Smoot Hawley, 1930, probably two thirds of world trade ground to a halt over the succeeding year. We already were moving into depression. It made it more severe and longer. And why are we make picking fights with our friends? If you wanna do more tariffs against Russia, God bless you. But why are we doing Canada? You know, fi why have Pratt Whitney, we make jet engines here in the state of Connecticut. They probably import three or $4 billion a year or parts from Canada to build our jet engines here in East Hartford.


All of a sudden the price of a jet engine is gonna go up by $200,000. Who is that helping? And by the way, we get our fruits and vegetables this time of the year. They all come from Mexico. So, you know, if you wanna have a guacamole dip with your chips to watch the Yukon Huskies on Friday night, better buy it soon because it's got a lot more expensive. Well, other than cheering on your Huskies, any final words you want to give to the, the American people right now who are, who are worried they're seeing the markets, if they even have the fortitude? I, I don't to open up that 401k and even even look at it right now. They're worried. So what, what's, what's your message to the people right now? Like you have a case to be worried Connecticut is better positioned than most 'cause we have the reserves, but talk to your Red State governors.


Talk to your Red State Congress people. Make sure this is what I'm doing. Make sure folks know how these changes, these cuts and they are cuts. They're not just waste, fraud and abuse. These are cuts being pushed on the backs of your state taxpayers. Make sure they know how that will impact the Tennessee and Kentucky and Alabama. Let's work together at least to soften the blow. Governor Ned Lamont is your first time on the Midas Touch Podcast and network. We really appreciate you coming on. Hope you come back Then let's do it again. Thanks everybody. Absolutely. I'll root for the Huskies even though I'm a USC fan. Hit subscribe. Let's, they're not, they didn't go that far. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.