
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem drive and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem drive.com Today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. Oh, what? Nice. They have my favorite brand. This is like a whole new BU I buy too. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great bridge? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


Theory, these are all, these are all very specific examples. That's not a godly thing. Say in the church, what we're, that's a potty church. The united, So that right there was MAGA Republican Congress member Brian Mass at a town hall that he held and get this Jupiter, Florida red area MAGA Republican Congress member. And those people weren't paid to be there. They were booing because they recognize that the tariff policies by Donald Trump, like most of the policies by this Trump regime, have been just bad for the people.


Set Politics aside, these are bad policies. As I saw Claude Taylor post this morning. I just hate the United States being the bad guys. We're better than this. You see these posts of these migrants who are being sent to these camps in El Salvador, Andrew Romero, a gay makeup artist sent to El Salvador sobbing and praying as guard shave his head. And the United States government is making videos gloating over the people suffering. And you know, when you go back to, to Trump's speeches, we, we tried to point this out as well during the campaign. You know, when Donald Trump would continually echo the types of language that we heard from authoritarian leaders of the past.


I mean, take a look at this video that we did. Here's Trump echoing. You know, it sounded like Adolf Hitler during his rally, during the campaign Play this clip. Today, especially in honor of our great veterans on Veterans Day, we pledge to you that we will root out the communists Marxists fascists and the radical left thugs that live like vermin within the confines of our country that lie and steal and cheat on elections and will do anything possible. They'll do anything whether legally or illegally to destroy America and to destroy the American dream, the real Legally or illegally when they do things legally, you're going to do.


I mean, he was saying that during the campaign. I mean, now you're seeing right wing papers like the New York Post say, Mr. Trump, save my business. Small companies plead re plead for relief from crushing tariff costs. We see this Trump, this is from a, a right wing writer, rich Lowry, who would post things during the election like Joe Biden will never be normal again. And an August 26th, 2024, this guy wrote, Trump can win on character. This right wing writer goes, Trump will destroy a world economy that has us at the apex and only getting stronger. We see Trump denying FEMA aid in North Carolina from Hurricane Helene. He did the same thing in Georgia.


Farmers are suffering. You get it. There's, there's a lot of suffering taking place. So I, I want to do this differently right now. 'cause, 'cause we all know the suffering taking place. I want to talk about the mindset right now though, about moving outside of this pain and suffering and, and, and resisting in a mindful way. Let's bring in Deepak Chopra right here. Deepak there used to be bringing in politicians. You're not a politician, you're not a political guy, but you're someone who certainly doesn't like to see people suffering. That's not a political thing. So, you know, just, just people who are going through this. What, what, what, what, what are you, what are you seeing right now? What, what are you, what's your guidance to people?


Well, first of all, thanks for acknowledging I'm not a political guy. Even though I've had and continue to have political opinions. And I am enormously affected by the suffering that's happening. And I have great empathy for people who are suffering. Empathy simply means you feel what they feel and when you feel what they feel. And empathy is a natural human response to suffering. Every child reacts viscerally, even if you hurt an animal, you hurt a pet dog or a cat.


And the child will start to cry because it feels viscerally the suffering of the other. And that suffering leads to compassion, which is the desire to alleviate that suffering. Because when you alleviate the suffering of another person, you feel better. And then that compassion ultimately leads to love and kindness and joy and peace and equanimity and healing for yourself and for the other. So that's been my life's goal. I would say mission pursuit, whatever you can.


Now, having said that, looking at the current situation in the world and in America, but also in the world, and having, you know, I'm 78 years old now, plus, how old are you by the way? I am 39. Okay. So when I was 39, I was actually even ahead of where you are now. So when I came to this country, I was 22, I'm now 78. So, you know, I came to the United States when I was 22 at the, in 1970, in the midst of Watergate, in the midst of the women's movement, in the midst of Greenpeace, in the midst of the anti-Vietnam War.


And I participated in all of that. You know, I was the most orent activist at the age of 22, 23. And I marched the streets of Cambridge, Massachusetts. I campaigned for Governor Dukakis. The only state he won was in Massachusetts and he lost in every other state. And I went through all that where you are angry activism. But I used to talk to my dad. And my dad was a very well known cardiologist from England before he came back to India. And he used to talk about the Holocaust.


He used to talk about the second World War. He used to talk about the immense suffering that was happening. My grandfather used to talk about World War I, the pandemic, the Great Depression. And so I realized this is part of humanity. We have not moved from being medieval minds. And now we have modern capacities. Our minds are still medieval, which means driven by fear, greed, the need for nce, power, influence, peddling corruption, cronyism and money. And it hasn't changed.


But what has changed is modern capacities. We have nuclear weapons, we have biological warfare, we have internet, cyber warfare. The Houthis have the same capacities almost as we have. And so everybody will have. So those medieval emotional and lack of spiritual development coupled with modern capacities for disruption, we are sleepwalking to extinction. And that's a fact. We can't deny it. Either we jumpstart into a new mindset, be the change we want to see in the world, or you know, we can walk to extinction.


We are now told there are 2 trillion galaxies, 700, 6 trillion stars, uncountable, trillions of planets. Our planet is not even a grain of sand in all the beaches of the world. So maybe nature might say to itself, the human species was an in interesting experiment in evolution, didn't work. Let's try something else. Dinosaurs were wiped out, we emerged and we might get wiped out. Something maybe better will emerge. I don't know. Well, let's see if something better will emerge. You know, it's interesting because when we built this network, we actually didn't build the Midas Touch network on politics, which is a surprise for a lot of people.


We built it on values and principles, and then the hierarchy of values and principles, empathy, respect, equality, decency, compassion was number one. My philosophy was always, if you start from there, the politics then fall in place. 'cause you go, who's fighting more for those things and who's fighting against those things? And people can decide. So when people see my perspectives, they'll go, well, you seem to be supporting certain types of candidates. And I go, well, because they seem to be the most aligned with the hierarchy of values that this network stands for versus us kind of chasing politicians.


So, so look, you've had an incredible career. I mean, 95 books that you've written. Time Magazine named you one of the top 100 influencers over the past century. Your latest book, digital Dharma, analyzing how AI can actually revolutionize spirituality and vice versa. Tell us for people though, who are struggling in this moment right now, who are scared. What, what do, what do you suggest people do? I mean, it's rare that they get to ask deep October, what should I, what should I do right now? I'm scared, I'm nervous, you know, I don't know what this guy is gonna post on any given day.


And if that's gonna impact me, what do I do in my, it's a big existential question. But what do I do? So, you know, I, I'm a fan of your show. I enjoy your show. I enjoy your perspective and I share your values. Now, having said that, does activism, particularly strident activism or what I should say, angry activism even for peace, you know, there's, it's kind of a contradiction. Angry peace activists, and they end up getting Nobel Prizes, the angry peace activists end up end up getting Nobel Prizes for peace.


And they're totally not at peace with themselves. So I question whether that kind of activism actually works, and I'm not sure it does to some extent. I mean, had we not had the anti-Vietnam War movement, the peace movement, the green movement and all of that, we would not be in the place we are now not withstanding all the, you know, the backward trend we've taken recently. So it does work, it does bring more awareness. But in the long term, for those who are listening, I'm not at peace.


Okay? And I will share with them this very simple idea that you will never be at peace if you are, if you are wedded to your ideology as the only right thing. Because we are all part of a conditioned mind. And we are conditioned by religion. We are conditioned by politics, we're conditioned by our parents, we're conditioned by economics, we're conditioned by our tribe. And it's very difficult to get past that conditioning to a creative solution. I don't even like the phrase, how do we fight?


Because, you know, that's another phrase that's very common in our society. The fight against war, the war against war, the war against cancer, the war against, you know, whatever. It is always a war. Star Wars. Now why don't we engage in creative solutions? And that's why today I think we have an opportunity, and that's why I'm such a big fan of what we call artificial intelligence. So actually, I, as you just mentioned the book, AI for Spiritual Intelligence and Personal Wellbeing, I frequently go and use ai, which has access to all the creativity of humanity.


In fact, AI has more access to the knowledge and database and information and even wisdom of the ages than any single human being can ever access. So why not access our current technologies for creative solutions instead of saying, we have to fight this. What is a creative solution for Gaza? What is a creative solution for climate change? What is a creative solution for social economic justice? I believe that if we are creative as a collective with shared vision, maximum diversity, I know diversity is not a, is not a good word these days, but shared vision, maximum diversity, ethnic diversity, racial diversity, gender diversity, diversity of talent, diversity of storytellers.


And then if we compliment each other's strengths and we create a spiritual or emotional connection with each other, we can solve any problem. And it's always been my dream to see a world that is more peaceful, more just more sustainable and more healthy and more joyful. And I think we have creative solutions for all of that. But the problem is that those that we call leaders in the world today, without naming any names, but those that we call leaders in the world are basically interested in their power and cronyism and, and influence peddling and enrichment monetarily.


So you wanna know what's going on, follow the money. There's a war going on. Lots of people are going to make money, you know, climate change. The only reason we are against it is there are special interest groups that are making money without addressing these big issues. So without taking sides, and I know I, you know, ideologically I'm on your side, but I think we need creative solutions and conversations like this. This can help us say, how can I participate in a creative solution that with me being the change that I want to see in the world, if I want peace, how can I be peaceful?


If I want to have a sustainable planet, how can I live sustainably myself? I go to the World Economic Forum and people are discussing climate change and they all come on private planes to discuss like, you know, so I see a lot of cunning hypocrisy, both, both sides. You know, whether you're Democrat or you're your Republican or you're independent, you're a communist, you're a socialist, you're an oligarch. It's all about you. And it's not about the rest of the world. You know what's interesting is you talk about still having a medieval mindset. What was interesting actually in medieval times with the medieval mindset is there was this great disparity in the access of information where the futile lords would have the information and the SERPs would not have the information.


That disparity of information also created some of the issues of subjugation. You fast forward to the future, the internet was supposed to be this great equalizer where everybody had access to all the world's knowledge. You can Google it, you can do all of these things. But what it ended up being used by the modern day versions of the oligarchs and feudal lords was a way to manipulate that. So they injected bad information in the veins of people. So more information actually led to less information. So if AI is going to be a path forward to actually help people, how do you ensure it?


And this may be another interview that we have that it's not going to be abused though by the same bad actors who we see abuse this great information revolution with the internet. So, you know, look at yourself. You have become a very powerful influencer in the world because you have, you have a podium now, and we are using it right now. And you are, you can reach the globe in those medieval times, or even later in times of colonialism and others. There were a few people in the village square who had the loudspeaker, but now you have the loudspeaker too, so you can influence a very significant part of the world's population.


So we have made progress, okay? The internet has made progress, not withstanding the special internet, special interest groups that control it. Ai, very interesting. And just in historical context, you know, if you look at, if you look at the, between 1887 and 1903, less than 20 years, humanity discovered four things that changed the world. The light bulb, the automobile, the airplane, and the telephone in less than 20 years. So had you been deserted or shipwrecked in an island in 1885, and you were rescued in 19 0 5, 20 years later, you would see a world that you wouldn't recognize.


You know, when you left New York City, perhaps all you saw was horses and carriages. And then 1905, you see these little boxes, iron boxes, people inside them pouring kerosene to make these boxes move. And a few la years later, you know, people are flying planes and sophisticated automobiles. And then now we, today we have, you know, all these probes going into outer space. Less than 20 years, the world leapfrogged into a new humanity. AI, as we know it, as a large language model, is only available since 2012.


We are in 2025, it's not even 15 years. And we are now leapfrogging into a new cultural and global civilization. And might I say a new biological evolution. Because every time you know, you gain new knowledge, a new understanding of things, neural networks in your brain, reshape genes get activated. Even now, as we are speaking, the genes and people who are listening to our conversation in their frontal cortex, if they're thinking about this, are getting activated globally. So we are leap leapfrogging not only to new cultural and biological evolution and social evolution, but a biological evolution, developing new capacities for creativity, insight, intuition, imagination, and problem solving.


Now you say that AI is controlled by a few people, but right now, by the way, the way AI is programmed is even though it has selection bias, because after all is programmed by human beings, it yet doesn't have political bias. So you can go on grok, Elon, Elon Elon's, ai, and ask GR to create a personality profile of Elon. Or you can go on chat, GPT or any of the other AI platforms other than mine, because I don't answer political questions.


And you can say, gimme a personality profile of Mr. Trump, or you know, whoever, Bodi or potent or anybody. And it'll give you, at the moment a very honest evaluation based on all the in chatter on the internet, all the social platforms. And actually Elon's is even more neutral because it uses the chatter on the, on Twitter his own, you know, his own business to create these answers. Much to the distress of the people who created these platforms.


Where this is going to go in the future is that, I think just like anything else, any technology can be used for what I call divine purposes, but also for diabolical purposes. You know, fire burns down a city, but had we not discovered fire, we wouldn't have the steam engine. Had we not discovered the steam engine, we wouldn't have the industrial age and the age of technology and the age of today, technology and ai. So everything finds its own resolution. AI will be used for diabolical purposes. But then there are people and I, I know enough people to know that they're using AI to actually bring about creative solutions for all the things that we're discussing, including racism and bigotry and hatred and prejudice and social injustice and all the things that, that are troubling you.


But let's get rid of this idea. We have to fight. We have to fight. No, we have to find creative solutions. Fighting is a medieval mind. There you have it. We start with Jupiter, Florida Town Hall. We end with ai Deepak Chopra. I wanna remind everybody, your AI twin Deepak chopra.ai, digital deepak.ai, and also your 95th book, digital Dharma, came out in September on how AI can revolutionize spiritual wellbeing and open new horizons for personal development. Thanks Deepak. Thank you for having me. Everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Can't get enough Midas. Plus, check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.