
What's new from Apple? There's the new iPhone 16 pro built for Apple intelligence and it comes with the all new camera control, giving you an easier way to quickly access your camera tools. The new Apple Watch series 10 has our biggest display in our thinnest design ever. And this, it's the sound of active noise cancellation now available on one of two new AirPods four models. So quiet, check out all of the new products and new features@apple.com. You can even buy yourself something new. See apple.com for product availability updates Apple Intelligence coming this fall.


So remember when Donald Trump posted the fake image of Vice President Kamala Harris speaking in front of a Soviet convention? Donald Trump used AI of Vice President Kam. Well, Don Jr's girlfriend Kimberly Gilfoyle seemed to basically be speaking at a location that looked very similar to Donald Trump's post. Who's ever doing the advance work for these MAGA must be like trolling them on purpose. But here, Don Junior's girlfriend, Kimberly Gilfoyle is so deeply, deeply unwell and she's like rapidly deteriorating each and every day. So she was a speaker at this annual Republican conference over the weekend and about five people were clapping for her as she was just kind of ranting and raving a bunch of nonsense here, play this clip.


Run towards the brighter days ahead. Victory is in our sights. America's future is in our hands. America's destiny is in our control and America's prosperity is in our hearts and souls. So my challenge to all of you stay in the fight And again, it, it's almost so embarrassing that you feel slightly bad for her, but then you realize who she is. You replay this clip And Act three is the art of the comeback.


And here she is as she finishes the speech and she gets those applause from the three drunk guys at the bar who are just going back and taking their seat. This is some weird stuff. Play the clip On to victory November 5th and God bless the United States of America she's worth fighting for. Thank you so much. One of my favorite Kimberly Gilfoyle moments is when she was live on her, the app that she's on, rumble, where she hosts some show and then she had to go over Donald Trump being found guilty in the Manhattan District Attorney criminal case.


Remember when Kimberly Gilfoyle had to do that? Here play this. Clip It. Look, hold it in a few Minutes. Okay, I don think it's being read at the motive. What did you say? It's being read. Guilty. Okay, so count one, guilty. Guilty. The breaking news that has come in and that we're reading across the newswires is guilty. Count one, guilty verdict count two, guilty verdict Count four. So three and four, count five, guilty verdict. Count six, guilty verdict count seven, guilty verdict.


Count eight, guilty verdict. Count nine, guilty verdict. Count 10, guilty verdict. Count 11, guilty verdict Count 12, guilty verdict count 13, a guilty verdict as well.


Count 14, A guilty verdict. It looks like we have breaking news. All counts. Okay, count 15, guilty verdict as well. So this is breaking news. The case of New York versus Donald J. Trump. The jury has voted unanimously, finding him guilty on all charged counts. Your reaction, Jesse, Or or perhaps my next favorite moment is when Kimberly Gilfoyle recently told Donald Trump's lawyer, Alina Haba, who's been like losing case after case for Donald Trump. Please can you help Donald Donald's children?


Can you please help them get outta jail? Can you please make sure they don't get sued anymore? Here, play this clip. It's a little favor here. If you can please get my fiance and his brother off, I'd really appreciate it. Really don't wanna have to, I don't have to support Junior for the rest of his life. Oh my God, what is going on with the sparkles? It was a Crazy, what's the sparkles? Oh, you know what? It's that iPhone thing I think. No. And remember with Kimberly Gilfoyle though that she was dancing during the January 6th insurrection. While the insurrection was taking place. She was actually dancing. Here play this clip.


Okay, let's be real for a second. Has this election cycle had your stress? At a level 10? Is the lingering summer heat impacting your focus, looking for some levity, but need to embrace life with your hands on the wheel? Enhance your everyday with via. Via is a company dedicated to harnessing the natural benefits of hemp to create high quality wellness products. From setting the mood in the bedroom to chilling out after a long day via has something for you. With award-winning THC and THC free gummies via has a dosage to encourage your comfort. No need to block off hours of the day for an unproductive high when you could experience the full spectrum of benefits from cannabis and hemp products with a microdose of THC to give you a little boost without compromising your responsibilities. Via is also well renowned for their premium indoor THCA flower soothing topicals and calming drops, all crafted with the highest quality hemp sourced from trusted independently owned American farms. And the best part via legally ships to all 50 states in discrete packaging directly to your door with a worry-free guarantee. No medical card required. Personally, I've tried Via, and let me tell you, their calming drops have become my go-to after a stressful day. The soothing effects are just enough to ease the tension without clouding my mind. It's pure relaxation on my terms, trusted by over a half a million happy customers for their wellness needs. Via is the brand everyone is raving about. So if you're 21 or older, check out the link to vias website in our description for 15% off. And after you purchase, they're gonna ask where you heard about them, please support our show and tell them that we sent you enhance your every day with Via.


And and that's what this MAGA movement has become. Unfortunately, it's Kimberly Gilfoyle's and Alina Haas and Marjorie Taylor Greens and Matt Gates's and Ronnie Jacksons and James Comers and Jim Jordans. It's all this performative nonsense here. Remember when Don Jr. And Kimberly Gilfoyle would, let's watch this weird interaction that they had here. Play this clip. What's going on guys? I am here with the birthday girl. Kimberly. Kimberly, come on. It is her birthday. So I wanted to wish her a very happy birthday, which I did without all of you present.


But I also wanted, did I not? You did. I did it. You did. And you go back and you check out the past of Kimberly Gilfoyle. I mean, she was known for being a pretty good lawyer in California. Remember she was married to Gavin Newsom. She worked up the right, I know people who knew Kimberly Gilfoyle as a lawyer and she said that she was actually pretty talented. Then she became the Fox contributor. She couldn't even last on Fox. There were lots of accusations about her personal behavior at Fox that was there. She left Fox, she met Don Junior, she became full maga.


And the rest is, you know, what you're observing And, and, and watching there. Ron Philip Kowski took a look at that speech that she gave and put together some of the low lights here, let me just show that for you too. Play this clip. Taste of Victory. Let's taste it again on November 5th. Who's with me? Alright, all right. Good evening. Who say his name? Donald. Trump more than ever. We're out of the White House. Are you with me? To get this country back on track has witnessed in the world his resilience and lift the American worker.


We will go to bed at night. That feels unrecognizable. Couldn't tell you, don't lose hope. Friends from all walks of life have had enough of the Democrats decline. And we are ready. We are willing, and we are able to spark a new era of American exceptionalism. You can clap for that. Leaving our country and the world worse off. November 5th is coming and Donald John Trump is coming with it.


Deserve better do it for them. In Act three is the art of the comeback. Run towards the brighter days ahead. Victory is in our sights. America's future is in our hands. America's destiny is in our control and America's prosperity is in our hearts and souls. So my challenge to all of you stay in the fight on to victory in November 5th, and God bless the United States of America she's worth fighting for.


Thank you so much. Please. Yeah. Again, just some really strange stuff right there. But that was over the weekend. Kimberly Gilfoyle was, was doing. On the other hand, you had Governor Walls who was out there at the, at a civil rights conference doing this. Think about it in this room. This is what these folks are focusing on, spending all their time like reading about two male penguins who love each other.


Is is somehow going to turn your children gay. And that's what you should worry about. But here's what I'll tell you. It's a fact of life. Some people are gay, but you know what's not a fact of life that our children need to be shot dead in schools. That's not a fact of life. And This, did you hear he's got a plan on childcare costs that no one in the world understood a damn word about it. Not one thing. Well, I think you can see the contrast. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.