
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you are running a retail business. Don't let disorganized order fulfillment, cause chaos. You ShipStation instead. From running a business out of your garage to multiple warehouses, ShipStation is ideal for every phase of your growth. Save time with one login for all your stores and by automating tasks. Plus, you'll get the best shipping rates from global carriers. Calm the chaos with the shipping software that delivers. Start a free trial at shipstation.com/audio. That's shipstation.com/audio.


As Donald Trump and his minions take a wrecking ball to the federal government and social services that people rely on. It's important never to forget de human element here. The stories of real people who are suffering, people who have experienced things in the past when government worked the way it was, at least supposed to work better and seeing it now when seeing how this has harmed their lives. I was able to speak with a 100 and 2-year-old Medicaid recipient named Dion Volz. Her perspective on things really touched me and I wanted to share this with everyone.


So she's from, she lives within New York, 17th Congressional district in that area. Let's just take a look at this interview here. Play this clip. Dion Volz. I'm 102 years old. I taught for more than 20 years, taught journalism and worked for various papers and have been always a great believer in American independence and good taste.


We have a president who has no dignity and no sense of the dignity of a human being, especially one who is old and expects to die any minute. When I say that Medicaid was a tremendous blessing, they paid my son to care for me and it was dream come true. He knew so well how to do it. He was so wise and so kind was lovely.


And I still feel grateful for Medicaid. He seems to be insensitive, completely unaware of the issues which are to lose, either to lose FDRs principles, which were concerned for everybody no matter what their income. And he has abandoned the people. So she lives in New York's 17th Congressional District. She talked about Magar Republican, Mike Lawler. When I see Dion Volz there, spoke to me, tell her story.


And then I see Mike Lawler, who's around my age, and I see him going and doing these interviews and the way he talks about Medicaid and social security as though it's just, eh, we're gonna, yeah, whatever we're gonna do with it here, just watch an interview that he did recently. Let's play this. Basically defense spending, social security, Medicare, Medicaid, that's about 90% of it right there. So you can't cut from the rest of the budget to balance things. This, this, this has been the whole challenge, right, because we're blocking off roughly 87, 90% of federal spending and saying we can't touch that.


Can't touch it. So we're arguing over roughly 13% of federal spending, you know, in terms of trying to find savings. And it's just not realistic. So the, the issue long term that we all have to grapple with Republicans and Democrats and we have to get serious about is how to tackle our national debt. Most of our debt is accrued by mandatory spending. There are savings to be had in the defense Department, no question about it. There are savings to be had across every agency and department in the federal government. I wanted to show you those clips back to back because when you hear Dion Voles 102 talk about what Medicaid meant to her, and then you see MAGA Republican, Mike Lawler representing the district.


I think it just brings the point home. Well, let's bring in Beth Davidson. She's a Rocklin County legislature running for the congressional seat there against Mike Lawler. We're still in the primary stage, so running in the Democratic primaries there in New York 17th. Beth, I wanna ask you from your perspective as a Rockland County re legislature in that district, of course, when you see those videos and you see what Mike Lawler says, what's your response to that? Well, we here in the 17th district know that Mike Lawler was a Dave OTE of the late Michael Jackson, but it was another prophet of my generation, generation X Mc Hammer, who said, you can't touch this.


And that is what Mike Lawler seems to be implying, except I really thank Joe Scarborough for teeing that up. For him to say, for he Mike Lawler to say it's not realistic, not to cut, not just Medicaid, which we already, you know, had concerns about for 230,000 people in the 17th Congressional District. But he implies that Medicare and social security are also on the chopping block. And I'll tell you that I have constituents in Rockland County. I represent the 10th legislative district who are already reaching out to me. Very concerned that our Social security office in White Plains, the appeals office, is going to be shuttered as of May 29th.


And for those watching at home, Mike Lawler tried to blame that closure on the Biden administration, but whoops, the Doge memo of the week outlining all of their savings, put that social security office on their docket. So we know who's to blame for this. We know who funded Mike Lawler's campaign hugely, $1.7 million. And that was one Elon Musk who, you know, you stole my line about the wrecking ball. That is what it feels like. And we're gonna start feeling the impacts of that wrecking ball right here in CD 17. You know, I think about just these human stories and I try to take the games out of politics in my reporting. I think corporate news for too long made this like a horse race when this is about people's lives.


So I think about Katie Sanchez, a 37-year-old disability rights advocate and Medicaid recipient in Pearly River who spoke with me. Let, let me just share her story and then I want to hear just generally about your communications with constituents there. But let's play This one. My Name is Katie Sanchez and I am 37 years old and I live in Pearl, New York. The Medicaid would cuts, would infect us, people like me deeply with our programs. They have the housing, like the community house, residential, employ, supportive employment.


I get all those and I live, I get Medicaid, I get Medicare. We cannot have those cuts. We really cannot. Or else what, what are we gonna do? My message? Please do not cut Medicaid. Please. You need it. You need it. Please do not cut. Please save it and do not cut it. Like this is who Lawler is picking on and Trump and, and Musk that this is who they're targeting while they hang out in Mar-a-Lago and party with the, what the last party had was the pink Birkin bag Mar-a-Lago party bragging about $400,000 handbags that they were displaying.


Or Trump talks about his meme coins that he's, whatever. This is who they were attacking. Beth, This is who they're attacking. Beth Katie Sanchez is a friend. She is such an inspiration to me. She is a long distance runner. She's also running for president of her supportive house through a RC. So really proud of her. And, and look, she's speaking truth to power. I was at an event with the disability rights community a few weeks ago called Rally in the Valley. And when Mike Lawler got up to speak and talked about how he was gonna protect Medicaid, he got booed. So, you know, he can say over and over again that he's not touching Medicaid, but we know what he's doing.


He is now voted twice to put those entitlement programs on the chopping block. People that people have worked their whole lives for, including social security and including Medicaid, which, you know, we don't, not everyone understands that Medicaid helps, you know, people with disabilities, of course, seniors, children, half of all babies and, and moms in this country. And to, to think that, that anyone would put those programs up for grabs is just really despicable. And again, I'm hearing from it from my constituents. They're really concerned. And that's why you're seeing these huge rallies of 3, 4, 500, a thousand people pushing back against these cuts. And specifically against Mike Lawler, Elon Musk and Donald Trump.


Beth, are you seeing a shift in the district because the people still elected this guy in, in 2024? Actually, CD 17 narrowly went for Kamala Harris. It's one of only three districts in the entire country that voted for Kamala Harris, but did not elect a congressional Democrat. That's where Kamala, But Lawler and so, so so they still picked Lawler though. So are you seeing though a shift there where they're starting to realize though that Lawler is an agent of Trump, that this is not someone who's pretending to be something else.


Do you think that's getting through right now? I think that we're seeing exactly who Mike Lawler is through his voting record, through his false promises, you know, along with cutting Medicaid, that continuing resolution also clawed back $33 million in community project funding that he claimed he had secured conveniently right before the 2024 election. So, you know, these are funds for, for law enforcement here in Rockland County where I live for clean water in Putnam County for, for sidewalk improvements in the town of Ramapo to protect pedestrians and improve pedestrian safety. So people are finding out, again, in their real lives, day-to-day lives, what these cuts have meant and what Mike Lawler promises mean, which is, as it turns out, nothing.


And what does he have to say about these cuts to Medicaid? What does he have to say about cuts to snap benefits? There was a huge report in our local paper this morning about how food insecurity and feeding programs are getting totally hit, as are the farms that supply them by these massive cuts to the Department of Agriculture and the pro and the worried, the worrisome coming cuts to snap programs our people to people. Food pantry director Diane, Sarah Torra said people thank us for doing God's work. And I say, we don't do God's work. We do what the government is supposed to be doing. And so I joined her in calling on Mike Lawler to do his job and make sure that even more people here in District 17 in Rockland County where I live, don't go hungry.


It's wrong. As you're talking about, they're having $400,000 Birkin bag parties and people are going hungry in this district. It's disgusting. And I think people are going to see it. And you're gonna see a huge turnout next November. And Beth, people in Rockland County, of course know who you are, but to the broader Midas touch network here who may be seeing you for the first time, tell us a little bit about yourself. And obviously this is, it's still in the primary stage for this congressional seat. So as you kind of tell us about yourself and what you're fighting for, how are you gonna differentiate yourself in this, in this primary? Sure. Well, I've lived in Rockland County for 20 years. I've spent about almost half of that in public service. I served two terms on my school board here in Niac and then was elected to the Rockland County Legislature.


I won a purple seat with 57% of the vote, got out, knocked 4,000 doors, ran with a slate of candidates actually to, with the expressed intention of winning a Democratic super majority on the Rockland County legislature. And three of us won. And we did win the first ever Democratic super majority in Rockland County history on our county legislature. And so what that means is I'm probably one of the only Democrats in the country right now that can say I've cut taxes and passed my own common sense gun safety legislation and preserved hundreds of acres of open space and not cut, but boosted funding for our nonprofits by 20%. So that's a record I'm really proud to run on.


I'm currently the only elected official in this race and am ready to go toe to toe in real time on the issues that matter where Mike Lawler is falling short. I will be working very hard to make sure my constituents have what they need in terms of, again, enough to eat better sidewalks, better roads, and then the security that if they vote for me, they'll have someone who wakes up every day just as I do now, ready to go to fight for them. This time in Washington DC where people, mom, two kids, one's going off to college and one's in eighth grade. So I'm doing this for them too. It's my family also. Amazing. And where can people find out more information about you? Sure.


Beth Davidson for congress com. Alright everybody, I'm on all the platforms except That's good. Beth Davison, thank you so much for joining us. We appreciate you here. We hope you'll come back. Thanks so much for having me. Have a great day Everybody. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, for reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.