
Hey, aren't you that PBM Middleman at your service? Doctor? Don't you get rebates that save money on medicines? Oh, PBMs like me get big rebates. So why do patients tell me they're worried about their costs? No one says we have to share the savings with patients. Congress should make sure medicine savings go directly to patients, not middlemen. Visit phrma.org/middleman to learn more paid for by pharma.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it, Guaranteed or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock, save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply


From your friar to the table. It's a quick trip for crispy fries, but how about a crosstown delivery? McCain, she crisps, fries are designed to go from Friar to container to carrier to passenger seat across town during rush hour, down a shortcut that wasn't all that short to a doorstep before they hit the table. And that first bite, the crispiness speaks for itself. Hmm, to the last bite. McCain? Sure. Crisps, fries. Go the distance. See how far our fries can take your business at. Sure. crisps.com/delivery.


How do you feel Great on vacation? Like really good, easy. You go to Aruba, you'll spend your time relaxing on cool white sand beaches and floating in healing blue water. You'll immerse yourself in natural wonder and find your center on an island where things move at your speed. You won't just feel great, you'll feel relaxed, renewed, and ready for life. That's the Aruba Effect Plan. Your trip at Aruba dot com.


Behind the bright lights and adrenaline of pro sports is an equally exciting world of negotiations and deal Making. That's what we cover each week on our podcast The Deal. I'm Alex Rodriguez, former baseball player, turned business Executive. And I'm Jason Kelly, chief correspondent for Bloomberg Originals. Over the next couple months, we'll hear from all stars like Jay Williams. I wanna be an owner one day, Billie Jean King. Learn The Business and so many more. Listen to the deal on Spotify.


Finally, we're seeing Democrats push back against MAGA Republicans in the House of Representatives. The Democratic minority leader, Hakeem Jeffries held a press conference and here's what he had to say about MAGA extremists. Let's play it. I think That includes wall funding given that the president previously said that the wall will be paid for by Mexico. What we've seen repeatedly amongst my extreme MAGA Republican colleagues is that they say one thing to the American people before the election and then do something different. After the election, the House Republicans said they were gonna protect Social Security and Medicare and so did their presidential nominee.


And now we learn after the election that house Republicans are planning to try to cut Medicare and Social Security and end it as we know it. House Republicans said before the election that they were focused on improving the quality of life of working class Americans, but after the election they're focused on tax cuts for the wealthy. The well off and the well connected. Then Democratic Congress member Hakeem Jeffries continued and talked about the only mandate that really exists after this election is that people are worried about the prices of things and the MAGA policies are only gonna raise people's prices.


Play this clip With the election behind us. And considering it's now already the end of the year, how do you envision the future of Democratic Party? Well, you know, we look forward to continuing to do the people's business in the new Congress. And as we've repeatedly indicated, we're gonna fight hard to make a difference in the lives of the American people. To the extent that there was any mandate that has emerged from this most recent election, it is that the American people want us to work hard to lower the high cost of living and to bring down grocery prices, gas prices, the cost of childcare and housing costs.


And that will be a focus of House Democrats as we move forward. Let's talk about what Hakeem Jeffries also said during this press conference. He said, look, all these MAGA Republicans, this is gonna be a very, very close majority to house Republicans to Democrats two 17 to two 15 right now after Democrats flipped some red seats blue, take a look at what Democratic Congress member Hakeem Jeffrey says here, let's play the clip On the Doge proposal here. Should Democrats be more involved in this? Are you disappointed that Mr. Musk and Rammi didn't come to meet with you? Do you think that the opportunities here, that the political appetite is bigger than their parliamentary stomach when it comes to getting some of these things done?


Yeah, it's unclear to me what exactly the objective is related to this so-called Doge initiative. From our perspective, we want a federal government that is effective and efficient and equitable, and to the extent the other side of the aisle shares that objective, which is what is right for the American people, then we'll see if there's common ground that's possible. But Does it worry you about the idea that they're doing this just with these two guys who aren't part of the government, who don't have experience directly in understanding discretionary, non-discretionary spending? And therefore should Democrats be directly involved and say, look, you know, we don't want wasteful fraud and abuse, but Democrats will of course have to be directly involved to the extent that there is any legislative aspect of this.


And we will by necessity be engaged because it's clear that the incoming house Republican majority will not be able to do much without us. Look, the MAGA Republicans in the house today are kind of demonstrating that what Hakeem Jeff's saying is correct. They're showing that they're just not gonna do anything at all and just pursue again, these ridiculous witch hunts. Here you have Congresswoman Mil o Takis, Mara, Republican congresswoman, he or she talks about we're still gonna be, our main priority is we're focusing on Hunter Biden. Still Hunter Biden really play the glue.


Our investigation must continue, I believe, to let the American people know the truth even if these pardons are taking place. You Know, Congressman, everything you said is really important. The American people, because the media didn't cover then watchdogs have been criticized them for not covering what you've been talking about for a long time. And the other thing too is the wording of the US Constitution shows it's unconstitutional. The to do preemptive pardons, so show the wording of the Constitution it, it doesn't see anything. It says pardons for offenses, not future offenses or potential offenses down the road. That means biden's blanket, pardon And Hunter Biden can be challenged and thrown out in court. I agree And I think it should be, And I think that you'll see members from the oversight committee and other committees that have worked so diligently on this, try to seek out those, those arguments.


Because Then you had magar Republican Congress member Chip Roy saying, look, all of these sex assault and rape allegations against Pete, he Donald Trump's pick to be the Secretary of Defense, according to this MAGA Republican congressman. He goes, hasn't everybody done that? Has, doesn't everybody have indiscretions like that? Your play the clip. I Think Pete, he was an exceptional pick. I know he is under fire over the Senate, but he's under fire from squishy senators who have been against everything we wanna do. And so I hope Pete holds the line all the way through. I'm defending him and we should all defend him. You know, look, we've all had some indiscretions in our past and things like that. Every human has.


But good grief, Pete said, I, you know, he's got the support of him, so many people and he represents somebody who would take on the defense establishment. And we need that desperately need that. Bobby Kennedy, you And I disagree with Bobby Kennedy on a lot of things, Charlie life in particular, but Bobby Kennedy represents somebody who would shake up the healthcare establishment,


Need a break from crowded stores and endless holiday gift lists. Let me tell you about via your key to restoring your zen and embracing the natural power of hemp this holiday season. Whether you're enjoying a quiet evening at home or diving into festive cheer v's premium, THC and THC free gummies can help you find that perfect holiday balance. Personally, I've been loving their dreams, sleep gummies. They're a game changer for winding down at the end of a busy day, helping me feel relaxed and ready for deep restorative sleep. It's like the holidays got a little less stressful. Via is renowned for its award-winning products from THC and THC, free gummies and vapes to soothing topicals, calming drops, and even premium THCA flour. They source the highest quality hemp from independently owned American farms. So you know, you're getting the good stuff. And here's the best part. Via ships legally to nearly all states in discreet packaging, no medical card required whether you're looking to get better sleep, ease, anxiety, enhance your mood, or even enjoy a little holiday boost, If you know what I mean, via has something for you. Their products range from zero milligrams to a hundred milligrams of THC. So whether you're microdosing or looking for more potent effects, they've got you covered. And if THC isn't for you, their zero THC line is perfect for sleep, focus and energy, all while keeping you glowing throughout the year. This holiday season. Gift yourself some peace of mind. If you're 21 or older, check out the link to via in our description and use code Midas, that's M-E-I-D-A-S to get 15% off your order. After you purchase, they'll ask where you heard about them. So please support our show and tell them we sent you, enhance your every day and enjoy the holidays with via.


Take a look at what the house Republicans are doing today on the house floor. Looks like they're tackling one of the most important issues the country's facing this morning. Of course I'm being sarcastic, as was Aaron Rupert who wrote that teaching the dangers of communism in schools. That's what MAGA Republicans are focusing on passing performative legislation like that. Also, it should be noted that Elon Musk and Vivek Ramis Swami met with MAGA Republicans in the house yesterday, talked about cutting your social security, Medicare and Medicaid. That's what they reported. That's what's being reported on Fox, that that's what they're gonna do. It's all on the table. Your social security, your Medicare, your Medicaid, say goodbye, play the clip.


Nothing Is psychosocial, nothing. They're gonna put everything on the table. That's what they told lawmakers. Everything is on the table. And that includes social security, Medicare, and Medicaid. Also on the hill today, MAGA Republican senator Kevin Kramer, suggesting that the allegations against Pete Hegseth, including the letter by he's mommy, about you're an abuser of women's son and you need help that this is all part of an elaborate smear campaign here, play this clip Performance keep coming forward. But do you expect that there will be more popups concerning this confirmation? Well, it's interesting because clearly over the course of time, Democrats have and, and the left have become more aggressive in terms of smear campaigns.


You know, there was the, the Brett Kavanaugh one, which was a single person, you know, she now, she came forward, you know, and, and revealed herself. But they've sort of taken this tactic now where you find that a few things exaggerate them and you know, pile on, If you will, over the course of time. So do I expect that? Sure, there, there very well could be. But one of the most important questions, maybe the most important question I asked Pete was are there any surprises? Because in our business, surprises kill you. You know? Yeah, Pete not having experience in politics, God love him, and he said, we've racked our brains and thought through it. Can't think of anything else that could come up that, unless, unless somebody makes something up.


So Finally, one of the topics on the hill as well is Cash Patel, Donald Trump picked to be FBI director here is a super cut right here. Cash Patel saying how he agrees a lot with the Q Anon movement here, play the glue. And Patel has dipped his toe into this Q Anon world a bit over the years has flourished with us on True social. There's a Q account. Oh boy, whether or not it's the real cue, I'm not gonna get into are you a q like so, so no. So like everything else, you have to have fun with it. The Q thing is a movement. A lot of people attach themselves to it. I disagree with a lot of what that movement says, but I agree with what a lot of that movement says.


The Q Anon movement has long been associated with radicalization and hate and Q anon. Iconography was seen throughout the January 6th mob. Is that Don O'Sullivan? Pleasure. Q has posted how many times? 4,967 times Q Posted about Kash Patel. Yes. Twice And said, Cash up. Patel, a name to remember Q has been so right on so many things. I'll get off that subject. No, he has and I'll, And I, I agree with you. He has, he, he has. And, and, and you gotta take a, you gotta harness that following that that Q has garnered and just sort of tweak it a little bit. That's all I'm saying. Well, there you have it folks. You see Democrats fighting back, you see what they're fighting against.


You could make the decision which side you think is doing the bidding of the American people. Judge for yourself. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million things for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.