
Support comes from ServiceNow. We're for people doing the creative work they actually wanna do. That's why this ad was written and read by a real person and not ai. You know what? People don't want to do boring, busy work. Now with AI agents built into the ServiceNow platform, you can automate millions of repetitive tasks in every corner of your business, IT HR, and more. So your people can focus on the work that they wanna do. That's putting AI agents to work for people. It's your turn. Visit servicenow.com.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, and you could be next. With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere, without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, mantis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis x.com.


So it's been a pretty solid honeymoon for Donald Trump, other than he added journalists to classified text message threads. He mistakenly deported legal migrants to concentration camps in El Salvador, and he's now taring the entire world, including remote Antarctic islands that are uninhabited by human beings, but inhabited by many penguins. Hat tip for Carl Quintanilla's Post right there, as Rogers Sherman writes, we simply had to intentionally destroy the world's strongest economy while dismantling our scientific and educational infrastructure to ensure that a team with a trans girl would never finish second place in the mountain west volleyball standings ever again.


Or as Jessica Riedel says, some voters got mad about people listing their pronouns. So now we're sending law abiding legal migrants to torture prisons and being hit with the largest middle class tax hike in at least 40 years. The American markets are crashing right now. Donald Trump is imploding the entire American economy. GDP is expected to contract now by as much as negative 3.8%. Whereas if Donald Trump did nothing eight weeks ago, the Atlanta Federal Reserve predicted 3.8% growth.


Now it's negative 3.8% or 3.8% contraction because of what Donald Trump has been doing. Donald Trump's quote, liberation Day was an utter disaster, and as economists said, it was worse than anybody expected. When you take a look at all of the tariffs that Donald Trump imposed on every country in the world, the average, the average tariff is about 29%. That will cause devastation to world economies. It will cause devastation to the United States economy. As our editor in chief Ron Kowski wrote, it's comforting to know that our economy is now being driven by Howard Lutnick, a modern incarnation of the sham wow guy.


Or really the modern incarnation channeling the ghost of Smoot Ali rolled out by a front man in orange makeup and high heels who bankrupted casinos. We're seeing memes like this, like Donald Trump being Salt Bay, but not Salt Bay. Economic destructive. I don't even wanna say bay, and it ain't liberation day. It was Annihilation day. The annihilation of America's economy, the annihilation of America's standing in the world, which Trump was withering away with. Elon Musk and the wrecking ball that was Doge over the past 70 plus days.


And then Donald Trump just grandstanded in front of the entire world and announced we're taring. Everybody with this stupid chart that he had, again, where he even listed islands in like near Antarctica, Arctic islands that are just inhabited by penguins. But on a more serious note, attacking our allies, basically attacking Europe the worst. I mean, going right after Europe, and then some of our enemies or adversaries kind of getting even some better deals than like Europe. Not none of these are good deals at all. And so now the question is, what is the further retaliation against the United States gonna look like?


But this is when Donald Trump brought out a chart to try to describe his tariffs. And I wanna be clear, I need to fact check this crap. Donald Trump's calling this reciprocal tariffs. There's nothing reciprocal about what Donald Trump is doing, like the tariffs that Europe imposed against the US And that us imposed against Europe before this. Both were about 1%. So Donald Trump has made up a completely false formula, I Think using chat, GPT, I'll talk about that formula in a moment, and then came up with fake numbers to justify his liberation day, which is really recession day, depression day, annihilation day, watch this Big charts 'cause it had no chance of standing.


Fortunately, we came armed with a little smaller chart, so 67%. So we're gonna be charging a discounted reciprocal tariff of 34%, I Think. In other words, they charge us, we charge them, we charge them less. So how can anybody be upset? They will be, because we never charge anybody anything. But now we're gonna charge European Union. They're very tough, very, very tough traders. You know, you think of European Union, very friendly, they rip us off. It's so sad to see. It's so pathetic. 39%, we're gonna charge them 20%. So we're charging them essentially half Vietnam great negotiators, great people.


They like me, I like them. The problem is they charge us 90%. We're gonna charge them 46% tariff. Taiwan, where they make, they took all of our computer chips and semiconductors. We used to be the king, right? We were everything. We had all of it. Now we have almost none of it except the biggest company is coming in. They're gonna have, we're gonna end up with almost 40% Lee ELDs working to get their approvals. And it's an amazing company, Mr. We of one of the great companies of the world, actually. They're coming in from Taiwan and they're gonna build one of the biggest. Yeah. So James Sir Wiki really kind of figured out what, how Donald Trump even arrived at his numbers for taring these nations.


He goes, just figure it out where these fact fake tariff rates came from. They didn't actually calculate tariff rates plus non tariff barriers, as they say they did. Instead, for every country, they just took our trade deficit with that country and divided it by the country's export to us. What extraordinary nonsense this is. Here's the take from democratic strategist James Carville Carville on Trump tariffs. It's just his ego playing itself out in public. He loves having foreign people call and say, Hey, can you exempt finish steal from these tariffs?


There's no policy behind it. It's just his ego playing itself out in public, and it's going to hurt a ton of people that you can't even imagine the devastation that this is going to wreak on. People, just take a look here. When you see Trump's proposed tariffs will give the United States higher tariffs than any industrialized nation, and it's not even close. You see how phony Donald Trump's claims are that this is reciprocal. Now, Geiger capital a right leaning kind of, in my view, I could be wrong, Trumpy ish account. They previously said, anybody who believes that Donald Trump would impose 20% tariffs is an idiot for thinking Donald Trump's gonna do what he says he is gonna do.


But now, Geiger Capital has to admit the overall weighted average, as I said at the outset of Trump's tariffs, is 29% the highest in over 100 years bigger than Smoot Hawley, which caused the Great Depression. So Donald Trump is taking the Great Depression strategy and multiplying it by many, many multiples of that. You know, an interesting thing happened in the United States Senate yesterday as well. A somewhat bipartisan piece of legislation was introduced in the Senate. All of the Democrats plus Republican, Susan Collins, Mitch McConnell, Lisa Murkowski, and Rand Paul, the Senate, passed this resolution to block Trump's tariffs on Canada.


Trump attacked all of those Republicans for joining with the Democrats in an early post in the morning where Donald Trump essentially called all of Canada drug traffickers killing Americans with fentanyl once again, lying and defaming the great nation of Canada. As I've said before, the way Putin justified his war against Ukraine on deification, and the horrific lies there, Donald Trump's version, is that 'cause Donald Trump thinks the same way as Putin is that Canada's killing all of these Americans with fentanyl as Canada's fault. Thus, we need to go to war with Canada. And by the way, that's how Canadians perceive this, not just as a trade war, but as a war war against Canada.


It's why Canada's gone elbows up, why they are boycotting all American products and why most Canadians, 70, 85, think it's going as high as 90% of Canadians boycotting travel to the United States. So with all of the pain and suffering that the Trump regime is inflicting on the United States of America, what is the Trump family doing? What is this family that sees itself in the, in the form of like, of, of authoritarian families in the past, Lara Trump, also a Fox host post Trump store.


Guess where you can get all of your Trump store merch now on Amazon? Oh, they're selling Trump Trump's store merch right here. Let me share this with you right now. Donald Trump's treasury secretary, Scott Besant, was asked about Donald Trump's disastrous trade war following Donald Trump's announcement of liberation crap, or whatever the hell he's calling it, where Taring all worlds at that blended 29% rate when you take all of his tariffs. So what did the Treasury secretary Scott Besson say? Well, Scott Besson said he wasn't even involved in the negotiations. He says, I don't know anything about it.


I don't know. I, I don't know. I I wasn't involved in the negotiations. I'm just the treasury secretary. What am I, what am I supposed to know? I'm just the treasury secretary or Play this clip. Plans For conversations or a trip to Beijing. Not nothing eminent When it comes to this negotiation. April 9th, these tariffs come in place. Do you plan on having negotiations before that date? I, I, again, I'm not part of the negotiations, so, you know, we'll, we'll see. I I am sure that they're gonna be a lot of calls. I just don't know if they're gonna be negotiations. The President had this huge chart showing all of the different rates, Canada and Mexico notably missing on that chart. Why is that?


I'm not sure. Not sure. Okay. I imagine that has to do potentially because they're ready in negotiations previously with the 25%. I don't know. I Think you're supposed to know like what treasury secretaries are supposed to know. But folks, don't you worry, Fox has a plan. State regime. Media known as Fox has a plan. You wanna know what their plan is? They're telling, they're telling Americans, we are at war. So you gotta feel pain and suffering because it's all for the greater good of the war, the imaginary war that they're making up. This is a war like World War ii. So your pain and suffering is going to be helping the war, effort, the war.


What the hell are they talking about here? Play this clip and Those 401k people who are depending, those, those retirees, all of that just talking plain, speak with them. Look, when this nation used to go to war, people in this country would support the war effort with, with their materials at home and, and making things for weaponry and all of that. We gotta do a hundred percent buy-in over this bumpy period. Just communicate. Kaylee, Well, I'll leave you with this clip right here of Governor Walls, Minnesota. I wish we saw more of this type of Governor Walls on the campaign during the presidential election. They kind of reigned him in I I, or I don't, whatever you wanna call it.


I would've liked to see him speak more like this. This is the Governor Walls who I Think we need to hear more from Play this clip. It's almost uncon, you know, inconceivable. And I look, Chris, I don't know, I'm, you almost have to be an amateur psychologist on this. It, it's like Trump is stuck in the eighties. His music is clothing is thinking. He has been on this tariff thing forever. And every economist conservative or liberal will tell you, they just simply don't work. We use him strategically, but he, he doesn't fundamentally understand how trade works. It goes back to what I continue to say. I Think the biggest myth perpetuated on this country is, is that Donald Trump understands anything about business. He's bankrupt every single one he is been into, and now he's bankrupting this country.


So I appreciate you talking about this. This is a tax on working people that we've not seen in, in any of our lifetimes. And it is going to have dramatic effect, you know? There, There two. There you have it folks. Let me know what you think. We got a lot more videos that we're releasing today. You gotta hit subscribe. Can you go to midas plus.com as well? M-E-I-D-A-S-P-L-U s.com. Midas plus.com. Also want to give a shout out to our friends at SnapStream. They're the, they're the company that helps us get those clips that Ason and our team gets. They're called SnapStream. So if you wanna like, know how we monitor all of this stuff and get the clips, they're called SnapStream, check 'em out in the description below.


Thanks for watching and have a good day. The truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100%. USA Union made.