(1s):
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT Mobile Unlimited Premium Wireless. How they to get 30 30 bid? Get 30 bid to get 20. 2020. Bid. To get 2020. Maybe get 50 15, 15, 15 15. Just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 Upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra beats lower above 40 gigabytes of detail.

(32s):
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request. An all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc license 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage. LLC In its other markets terms and conditions apply.

(1m 1s):
Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, you even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs, syn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to lipsy ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.

(1m 43s):
Finally, Democrats showing some leadership and going on the offense. You've been hearing me talk about this on the Midas Touch Network. I'm like enough at the finger pointing enough with the postmortems push back on Donald Trump, his absolutely psychotic and insane and dangerous cabinet picks. Tell the American people what's going on. Dammit, that's what we saw happening this weekend. Finally, democratic leader, Hakeem Jeffries was on the weekend shows. Here's what he had to say. Let's play It. Here's what I have to say about several of the nominations that have been made by the incoming president, including the one that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was referring to.

(2m 30s):
The incoming president throughout the campaign promised the American people that we would have the best economy, the best border security, and the best administration possible. The question that has to be asked, is this the best that we can do in the context of some of these nominations? Is this the very best that America has to offer for a moment like this with so many challenges that we confront? So of course not America deserves better. Hopefully we'll see the Senate Republicans do their job scrutinize these picks. Yeah, certainly confirm those that meet the basic level of qualifications and reject others.

(3m 14s):
Leader Jeffries, you're not willing to. Here he is again, democratic Congress member Hakeem Jeffries. Let's play it. Attorney General Speaker Johnson is now saying that the report should not be released. What's your reaction to what Speaker Johnson is saying? Of course, it should be released. And that's not just Democrats saying that you have repeatedly seen Senate Republicans make clear who are on the Senate Judiciary Committee or throughout that chamber say that they want access to all available information so they can make a decision about whether the nominee for Attorney general is qualified to serve in that office.

(3m 54s):
The Senate has a clear responsibility to serve as a separate and coequal branch of government and a check and balance. That's as America as baseball, motherhood and apple pie. Alright, let me ask you Next, we have Democratic Congress member Jim Es, and here he is talking about how right now the American people and even Republicans are not feeling good about a co-presidency, where Elon Musk, the richest man in the world, has the most significant conflict of interest ever. And he right now is dictating American foreign policy and domestic policy play this clip.

(4m 36s):
Think that in this new Congress there will be scrutiny of potential financial conflicts of interest around Mr. Trump. Well, of course there will be right I mean this is, this is sort of not subject to debate. We saw Trump's first term and the fact that that, you know, group of people weren't particularly concerned with financial conflicts of interest and, and look all, I don't know, Elon Musk odd character, you know, you sort of have to respect what he is done to disrupt, you know, space launch to disrupt, you know, the auto industry and whatnot. But, you know, early reviews are not good. I read his, you know, 12 point government waste manifesto, you know, and he said, look at all this money we're paying on interest on the debt.

(5m 16s):
That's, you know, that's part of the wasteful spend. And guess what? You gotta pay interest on the debt. And so, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm skeptical that he has any clue. Look, I, I look, yeah, That's right. Congress member Himes, because you've got Elon Musk talking about extinction level events. Les, he said he wants to impose extinction level events on we the people. He also says that he wants to inflict hardship, ec economic hardship on we the people. Why, why are we okay? Why are you okay with billionaires inflicting economic hardship on you and your family? And we, the people, it's the most ridiculous thing I've ever even heard in my life.

(5m 57s):
Life. Snap out of it. Wake up. Geez. Here, here's Congress member Himes again, play the clip. A ranking member on the intelligence committee. She never served on that kind of committee. Do you think experience is necessary? Is she fit for the job, Margaret? How far we have come that on a major news show? The question we're examining is, is experience necessary for one of the most powerful positions in the land? Of course it's necessary. You know, it's a little bit like our obsession right now with the Ethics committee report on Matt Gaetz. You know, I mean, how is it that this is what we're focusing on?

(6m 40s):
Matt Gaetz is by any standard, completely unqualified to be the Attorney General. And yet we're sort of focused on this, you know, cherry on the cupcake of the ethics report. You know it. Next up you have Democratic Congress member Adam Schiff on CNN State of the Union here he talks about Donald Trump appointing or nominating Matt Gaetz to be Attorney General. Play this clip. You Heard what Speaker Johnson said about Matt Gaetz. What do you think? I think he's not only unqualified, he is really disqualified. Are we really gonna have an attorney general who there's credible allegations, he was involved in child sex trafficking, potential illicit drug use, obstruction of investigation, who has no experience serving in the Justice Department, only being investigated by it.

(7m 29s):
But Jake, I think the, the whole point with these nominees, several of them, is there qualification? Is there affirmative disqualification? That's Trump's point, because what he wants to do with these nominees is establish that the Congress of the United States will not stand up to him with anything. If they will confirm Matt Gaetz, they will do anything he wants I mean. Look how the speaker had to tie himself in knots a couple days ago saying the speaker effectively should stay out of this. There are important reasons for that. And then getting involved in this, reversing himself

(8m 5s):
The best bacon, the best steak, the best chicken, the best salmon you'll ever eat. It's not gonna come from the grocery store, it's gonna come from the family farm and independent Alaskan fishermen. And now you can get it when you join the MOK movement. Today, Mok delivers grass fed and grass finished beef and lamb, pastured pork and chicken and sustainable wild caught Alaskan salmon straight to your door, Mok Farmers farm like our grandparents did. And as a result, Mok meat tastes like it should because the family farm does it better. And the mok difference is a difference that you can actually taste. Unlike the supermarket, mok gives you the total control over the quality and source of your food. You choose the meat delivered in every box like ribeyes to chicken breasts, to pork chops, to salmon filets, and much more. Plus you can cancel it at any time. And I love that Mo is helping save rural America. Join the moic movement today and you'll never turn back. Shark Tank host Kevin O'Leary called Mo's Bacon, the best bacon he's ever tasted. And Ring doorbell founder Jamie Simonov, jumped at the chance to invest in mok Plus they guarantee you'll say Oink. Oink. I'm just so happy I got Mok. I know I do and you will too. Keep American farming going by signing up at mok box.com/midas. Touch right now and listeners of our show, get free hot rolls in your first box. It's the best hot rolls you'll ever taste for a limited time. It's spelled M-O-I-N-K box.com/midas touch. That's mok box.com/midas. Touch one more time. Mo box.com/midas touch.

(9m 36s):
Next we have Senator Elect from Michigan, Alyssa Slotkin. He or she talks about Donald Trump nominating Tulsi Gabbard as Director of National Intelligence. Now, you know, we here at the Midas Touch Network have had on numerous Congress members who have talked about how dangerous, dangerous Tulsi Gabbard is. Play this clip right here. Is she qualified for that job? From what you know right now? Again, I Your Own experience at the cia. A she's gonna be director of DNI. Yeah, I mean I think that I was literally one of the first employees when we stood up the director of national, director of National Intelligence Office.

(10m 18s):
And I have real concerns. Again, people have to be of a certain character and certain qualification because if you have the wrong people in these jobs, it's, again, it's not just a parlor game. What Concerns you about her? And, and certainly there's been reporting about her past statements about Russia, about Ukraine. I, I I just need to know that the, the people who are in these jobs are not gonna be guided by politics and what someone tells them they think they should be seeing in the intelligence or in the defense picture. But what is actually the truth on the ground? Speaking truth to power is one of the most important things the intelligence community does. And if you have someone in there who feels more beholden to telling the president what he wants to hear, I got a real problem with that Here.

(11m 1s):
Senator elect Slotkin. Again, let's play the clip. Seth has also said that any general that was involved in any of the DEI woke crap has got to go. Do you expect Donald Trump to fire top Generals who he considers woke or those close to former chairman Mark Mill I mean? I don't think you have to interpret fire Arrest. Yeah, I don't think you have to interpret anything. I think they've been very clear that they're putting together some sort of panel that's gonna look at generals, people who have served their nation the, their entire lives over multiple administrations, Democrat and Republican in combat. They are now openly talking about dismissing them like some sort of kangaroo court.

(11m 40s):
You can imagine the stress in the Pentagon about that, but also in the future of who we are as a military, right? Our military and the role of the military is in the Constitution for a reason. And I think we're really at risk of politicizing the military in a way that we can't put the genie back in the bottle. But, but there have been Also some important moves made over the weekend by President Biden. President Biden announced that he would be allowing Ukraine to use American made missiles in order to attack Russian positions. This is as Russia escalated their unlawful invasion in Ukraine. President Biden was speaking in Brazil, here is what he had to say.

(12m 25s):
Let's play Back home. I signed the most significant climate change law and history, a law that positioned us to cut carbon emissions in half. By 2030, this generated $450 billion in new clean energy investments. And that's created hundreds of thousands of good paying jobs and a manufacturing boom as well. Folks, we don't have to choose between the environment and the economy. We can do both. We've proven it back home. It's no secret. And I'm leaving office in January.

(13m 7s):
I will have my, I will leave my successor and my country in a strong foundation to build on if they choose to do so. It's true, some may seek to deny or delay the clean energy revolution that's underway in America, but nobody, nobody can reverse it. Nobody not when so many people, regardless of party or politics are enjoying its benefits. Not when countries around the world are harnessing the clean energy revolution to pull ahead themselves. The question now is, which government will stand in the way and which will seize the enormous economic opportunity.

(13m 51s):
It's very powerful words right there by President Biden. I think it's important that we reflect on Donald Trump's broken promises every time they happen. Call out right away. Donald Trump said that if he were to be elected before he even assumed office, he said within 24 hours of the election being over, if he were to win, he would stop the war in Ukraine. He said he would call up Putin, call up Zelensky. He would say something to Putin. He would say something to Zelensky and voila it would end according to Donald Trump. That's what he said. Donald Trump leaked to the Washington Post that he had spoken with Putin and that he had told Putin, don't you escalate this thing.

(14m 31s):
What did Putin do after Putin denied ever having any such conversation with Donald Trump? Putin said, through Kremlin spokespeople pure fiction, no conversation at all, ever took place. And what did Putin do? He's escalated that war in Ukraine right now more than really since the time of invasion. So he post that call, whether it happened or not, took it as an invitation to go further on the offense, which President Biden has now checked by allowing Ukraine to use missiles to hit targets in Russia where they previously weren't able to.

(15m 12s):
You know, president Zelinsky gave an interview as well where he said, look, I don't care. Donald Trump can't force me to give away my land, our people's land. We're, we're a sovereign nation. We don't take orders to give up our land. We will fight, we will continue to fight and we will win. This war is what President Zelinsky said, to which Elon Musk, who's basically serving as a co-president or co-president elect to Donald Trump, made a meme and said, oh, what a sense of humor. Zelinsky has mocking zelinsky and frankly mocking the sovereignty of Ukraine.

(15m 57s):
Now's the time for leadership. Now's not the time for whining. Now's the time to call out reckless, dangerous, despicable, disgusting behavior by this Trump transition. Call it out. Weak, very weak, also weak people, weak. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.

(16m 34s):
And now a next level moment from at t business. Say you've sent out a gigantic shipment of pillows and they need to be there in time for international sleep day. You've got at T 5G, so you're fully confident but the vendor isn't responding. An international sleep day is tomorrow. Luckily at T 5G lets you deal with any issues with ease, so the pillows will get delivered and everyone can sleep soundly, especially you at T 5G requires a compatible plan and device 5G is not available everywhere. See att.com/ 5G for you for details.