
Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms Proving difficult to manage TREM via guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year, many patients taking Taya achieved clinical remission, and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. Taya is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis, serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor If you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or If you need a vaccine. Ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. Call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more, or visit tremfya radio.com.


Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions apply. See terms and conditions at KLM deo.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detectors, spots, threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com. Cancel anytime terms apply.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. Oh, Price, they have my favorite brand, just like a whole new BU dodge. Ah, I give I too. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals you'll love Burlington, I told you. So.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you are into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


The bill is passed without objection. The motion to reconsider is laid upon the table pursuant to clause A. So That's the moment the Mago Republican members of Congress were cheering that they passed their cr, their continuing resolution. That reminds me of something. Where have I seen clapping like that before where people look terrified by clapping at the same time? Oh yeah. I think I've, I've seen that before. It looks like that's what these MAGA Republicans had become these days. It looks a little bit Kim Jong ish. And I guess there's a reason why Donald Trump looks up to Kim Jong. And when you look at this continuing resolution, there are about 22 different instances at least, although I wanna see if there may be even more than that in this bill where the funding for certain programs is set at $0.


And If you look at the types of things that are being cut, go back to that last graphic as well there. Salty, I mean, you're looking at things like EPA, healthcare education, things that are going to also harm red states. So these MAGA republicans are quite literally cheering on the fact that they're harming their own constituents. By the way, these are the same MAGA Republican Congress members who for years have now been saying, we will never pass a continuing resolution again. The days of CRS are over and if there is a cr, it's gonna be clean. Crs. This was none of that. But then they tried to spin it, I think in kind of pyong yang fashion.


This is MAGA Republican Congress member Tom Emer just saying how great things are. Play this clip. Last week we celebrated President Trump's countless victories for the American people during his joint address to Congress. This week, Congress must pass a continuing resolution so the American people can continue to enjoy win after win after win. This is the way forward, but unfortunately, Democrats and Congress would rather throw temper tantrums fueled by their hatred for President Trump than keep the government open and working for all Americans. Last time I checked, y'all are the ones who control the house and the Senate and the executive branch.


And y'all are the ones who are throwing the temper tantrums. This is MAGA Republican Congress member Steve Scalise. Just take a look at this. Last week, all Americans who watched the State of the Union saw a very triumphant President Trump who's returned to the White House with even more energy, more vigor, and more focused to work for the American people than ever before. Laying out in just six short weeks how much he's already done to fulfill the promises. What was Donald Trump doing today while the markets were crashing? Oh yeah. He was out there with Elon Musk selling Teslas and doing product placement while their propaganda network as well as Sean Hannity talking about buying Teslas.


It must be nice, all these rich people buying Teslas all over the place and helping out their billionaire friends. Let's bring in de Democratic Congress member Joe Nago Congress members sit on the rules committee. You're on the subcommittee of budget and, and legislation. So the, the, you know, this cr how, what are they cheering for right there? Can you put this into context? It's a great question. Good to be with you, Ben, and thanks for having me on. Look, first and foremost, I, I gotta react to the clips that you just showed because it is the height of absurdity for some of those Republican members. Literally, as the stock market is crashing, 4 0 1 Ks are vanishing for countless Americans across the country.


Prices are going up across the board, and yet you have these Republican members sycophants praising the administration that is pursuing the reckless policies, causing the harm that their constituents are experiencing. It is nonsensical. And of course, as you mentioned, the the logical extension of this was today's vote on the cr, which they apparently were very proud of. This is a bill that would cut funding for core programs that countless Americans rely upon nutrition assistance, healthcare benefits, veterans benefits under the PACT Act for the next fiscal year, all on the chopping block under this partisan Republican spending bill that they pushed through the house earlier today.


There is nothing to applaud about, but you know, again, pastors prologue, it's clear that this is the course that they will maintain and the fact that, as you said, you can see the sort of corruption on full display over at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue today, it just is astounding, I think to the average American who's struggling right now to make ends meet and to see a Republican majority in Washington in the House and the Senate and in the White House that clearly cares nothing about ultimately improving their quality of life. It's shameful. You know, I watch you on the rules committee and it's an interesting committee because the members of Congress who are putting forward the legislation appear kind of as witnesses, so you're actually kind of examining or questioning your Republican colleagues.


I wanna talk about that because I mean, I'm sure you speak to these people not in that setting where they know that like our people at the Midas Touch Network are clipping all that stuff and, and getting it all up. Like after they're done with that theater, while you're like, do they, do they admit kind of privately that like they know that this is big trouble or are they fully pyon yang, North Korea clap clap mode, that this is, this is their shtick, this is their jam. I mean, look, this is an, it's an, it's instructive in terms of where we are as a country. I think in the past, you know, might have a member or two that would approach me afterwards that understood that we had caught them, you know, in, in a bit of a, a trap, If you will, rhetorical trap, right?


They sort of exposing the hypocrisy of, of their views in front of the rules committee, but would understand that perhaps that might be something that they need to modulate in the future. These days, that's not the case. Generally speaking, as I said, I, you know, most of the Republican caucus now are sycophants for President Trump. There is nothing that he cannot do in their eyes, nothing that they won't bless and approve of and salute. And it's unfortunate. I mean, I, again, this is not the way in which article one branch of government, the United States Congress is supposed to function, and yet here, here's where we are and we find ourselves. So yeah, with respect to the rules committee, as you mentioned, it's a unique committee in the Congress because it's the only committee in the Congress that a has no time limit in terms of the questions that are posed by members or the answers that are provided.


And then secondly, as you said, it's an opportunity to be able to question your own colleagues. And in my view, when you're coming in front of the rules committee and you're making the case to the American people for a policy that you're pursuing, then you ought to be, you know, artfully and honestly questioned about your own views and how they comport with, you know, the particular position you're taking. And often as is the case, a lot of these members don't like, you know, ultimately being, you know, told or rather having it revealed to them the position they had taken on a particular issue previously that just lays bare the hypocrisy, which is all too common these days in Washington. You, You, you represent a district in Colorado, I would say on the whole Colorado as a state is flur, but there are certainly lots of red dots within Colorado as well and purpleish areas in Colorado as well.


You know, what are you hearing from constituents, not just Democrats, but like, are you hearing from independents and Republicans and are you hearing across the board in Colorado that there's kind of a growing frustration would be putting it, I think, gently to what Elon Musk and Trump is doing? Do you feel this is still kind of, people are in their partisan camps? What are you seeing in your state? I think my answer to your, the first part of your question is unquestionably yes, I think people are frustrated and we hear from folks across the political spectrum about their frustration and displeasure with the way in which the Trump administration is conducting itself.


I mean, look, I represent, you mentioned this a district, of course, in my view, the best district in the United States of America, but it's a large geographical district. It's larger than nine states, central and northern and western Colorado, right? Rural communities, urban communities, serving suburban communities, you name it. And as I go across my district doing town halls, because as house Democrats, we do town halls, we actually enjoy town halls and visiting with constituents and, and listening to them and their concerns. I hear from folks who are deeply troubled by the mass purge of federal employees, right at the Forest Service. These are people doing wildfire mitigation work, preventing the next mega fire in the Rocky Mountain West.


People who are concerned about the land management agencies and the, the people working at our federal labs at NOAA and nist who are now being unceremoniously fired and, and purged from the federal workforce. They are concerned about the rising cost of living and an administration that clearly has no intention of doing anything about it, and instead is only pursuing policies that'll exacerbate the problem. Right? I mean, you're, you're an average working family looking at your 401k and realizing that in the last six weeks, the Trump as administration has erased all gains in the last year. I mean, and clearly a recession potentially looming on the horizon. So yeah, folks are, folks are pissed off.


Just to be candid, I, you know, as I talk to people in my district, again, across the political spectrum, it's not to suggest that people don't want to see government reform. You know, I think folks are hungry for reform. They're hungry to, to see fraud, waste and abuse, you know, rooted out of the government, but they don't want to see a chainsaw, a literal chainsaw taken to the core functions of the federal government that serve Coloradans each and every day. They did not sign up for that. And I just don't think anybody signed up for the chaos. It's every day tariffs. No tariffs. Tariffs are great. Tariffs are the worst. What are we gonna do? Am I gonna invade Greenland today? Am I gonna invade Canada today?


51st date day is today a Panama Canal conquest day? What are we talk, are we talking about fentanyl in Mexico today? Wh where, where are we going with this? You know, is he gonna send a Shalom Hamas text? Is he gonna post images of himself in Trump, Gaza City, you know, with bearded people with cleavage? Like what, what, what's like, it's like, it's, it's not, I always say we can't normalize this behavior. And then there's like a, like a gaslighting element to it as well. Like, you know, he'll have, you know, Peter Navarro, who by the way served jail time for, you know, his conduct relating to Contempt of Congress. Yeah. Contempt of Congress. He's out there right now asking Canada, can you please just tamp it down, tamp down the rhetoric Canada.


He goes, tamp down the rhetoric wa watch this. But frankly, the premier, he's been, I mean, look, just tamp it down, please over there, okay, just throwing down the hockey gloves and stop that rhetoric and let's just look at what we're trying to do. We love Canada, but look, there's some big issues there and we're not gonna tolerate anything but them stopping killing Americans and, and doing what's right with respect to things like stealing aluminum, which they've been dumping into our country. And that's stopping. I mean, this is not, this is not normal. Yeah, I yeah, you're, you're precisely right. I don't know that I could say it better than you just did. I mean, look, it's, it's absurd.


It's ludicrous sort of arsonists that are now, you know, complaining about the fire that they have created. And unfortunately, this is the, the most tragic part of all is that there will be mass collateral damage to the absurdities of the policies that they are pursuing. And so, you know, you, I think about average working family in my district that's struggling to be able to buy a new car because car prices are soaring through the roof, interest rates are still remarkably high. And what are they left with? They're left with the, you know, the, the car infomercial that the president of the United States conducted earlier today on the White House law, that that is their policy prescription, right?


Is to engage in these reckless economic policies, the tariffs and, and the rest, unnecessary trade wars, and then ultimately offer nothing of actual consequence to the American people who really struggling. And from my perspective, that's the most confounding part of all House Democrats are gonna remain focused. You know, as, as leader Jeffries often says, keeping the main thing, the main thing, which is quality of life, cost of living, addressing core challenges that the American people face that Republicans refuse to address. And as I said, if anything are exacerbating, There you have it. I'd love to have, this is your first time on the Midas Touch Network. We gotta have you, we gotta have you back. You know, WW there's a reason that ASIN has so many clips of you, because as a former litigator, I love your style, I love your examinations and I always pointed out to him.


So it's great to finally have you on the network and we hope you come back on. Oh, the feeling is mutual. I'm glad to come on. I've been telling my buddy Moscowitz, he keeps saying, you gotta go on, you gotta go on. I've been watching for a long time, so I definitely look forward to coming back. All right, good to have you here. It's subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Can't Get Enough Midas, check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.