
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two-factor authentication, strong passwords and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem Call one 800 GAMBLER.


The name of the game for Republicans on Capitol Hill is distraction, distraction, distraction from their disastrous budget. Bill, anything to take the heat off? The fact that I think the approval for This budget bill, the last Quinnipiac and AP Paul, I saw it's like 27% approval. I think the nation recognizes how harmful this is for everybody other than the billionaires and potentially owners of gun silencers. So let me just show you what the Magar Republicans tried to do in the house and why it has backfired. 'cause I think it's just made them look extra deranged and it's so obvious what they're doing.


So you've got Mike Lawler who tries to present himself in his New York Congressional district in Rockland County. Like he's a moderate when he is anything. But, and you know, all these Mara Republicans, they called this hearing at the end of last week where they were bringing in the Democratic governors just to try to attack them, get their sound bites, go after the governors. And I just loved it when the New York governor Kathy Hoel called out Mike Lawler, who's a congress member in New York. And he, and she's like, we all know what you're trying to do here. I mean, you're just trying to distract from your budget. Bill here, watch this, but State that's why you're here. That is the exact reason why you're sitting in front of us testifying, because of your disastrous eos, your disastrous pro criminal policies that have resulted in the death of New Yorkers.


Mr. That is your failure. And the fact is that you can't even answer the question. No, the Reason I'm sitting here is Republicans to def the big, bad, ugly bill that's going to hurt people. Governor, governor, you gentleman times expired Governor, Are you gonna, then when they talk over, they're just so, they're just so obvious they start talking over, which goes, no, you're here to distract from your disastrous, big bad budget Bill. Others were, I guess, a little less subtle. I mean, you have Marjorie Taylor Green, this was her line of attack and saying to, to Governor Hoel, you state that you're a proud registered Democrat. And that ho's like, is that, I'm just trying to understand, is that, is that illegal Now under your new MAGA doctor, you watch this Governor Hoel, you stated That you're a proud registered Democrat.


Yes, I did. Is that illegal note too in your country? Governor Hoel, this is, this is not a laughing matter. You were just laughing. I literally just saw it was a ridiculous question. She was then laughing. This is not a laughing matter. Then you have MAGA Republican, Nancy Mace, who I probably makes what? 200, like, I'm not exaggerating, 200 posts every day about bathrooms. She stands in front of bathrooms. She talks about like genitals every day. I I have no clue what's going, this is what they, this is what they do here. Play, play this clip. Play this clip. I don't even know what's going on here. Here. Play it.


Team 90. Okay, what is a woman? I What is a woman is the question I'm, I'm not sure I understand the question here. That, Okay. What do you, what do you want me to say? This is, I want you to say that a woman like me is an adult human female. That men can't become women. You guys are the party of violence and you're the party erasing women. You don't respect us. You're a bigot. You're a misogynist. You're a sexist, huh? I'm for, for real. I mean, you have This budget bill that's gonna rip away health insurance from over 10 million Americans, the biggest transfer of wealth in, in history.


It's gonna literally rip foods, lunches out of the mouths of children. Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. Bye-bye. Medicaid. Bye-bye. Housing and rental assistance. Bye-bye. We've got Nancy Mason, all these Republicans. What's a woman? Am I a woman? You're a woman. Nancy Mason. Is that what you're you're a woman. Nancy Mason. Yes. You're a woman. The craziest, some of the craziest stuff. Oh, and then I, I just gotta show one more then. After we saw Trump's Gestapo arrest, a sitting Democratic senator from California, Alex Padilla, you then have Anna Paulina Luna go on, go and do her right wing media tour and, and, and play the victim for Christie Nome, the Department of Homeland Security was saying, why this man Padilla, he tried to attack her, which he obviously didn't.


She's she's such a fragile little woman. She's such a fra She, she, why, why would you go after such a gentle woman here play this clip? What's going on? What's going on with this jackass? Well, you know what's crazy too is so I think obviously this guy did this for clickbait, but also too, like what actual testosterone dude goes in and tries to break. Christina, she's like the most delicate, beautiful, tiny woman. And he's going in, what does he think he was gonna like yell and scream at her? I don't know which Christie Nome was. Was she dressed as, was she cowgirl? Christie Nome? Was she SWAT team? Christie Nome. Was she firefighter? Christie Nome. Which outfit was it?


Let's bring in Democratic whip. Catherine Clark, Congresswoman. I showed you a lot there, I guess. Wow. I guess I should just start by what's your reaction to That all? Oh my goodness. You know, they, they share showing us that the American people, when you say we're gonna take away healthcare from 16 million of you, let's, let's go after food programs while we're at it. School lunches, wic, meals on wheels, veterans benefits, our public schools, and why are we doing this? Oh, that's right. Tax breaks for billionaires, they don't like it very much.


And they have been saying the, the Mike Lawler of the world have been saying they won't do this. We're not gonna cut Medicaid wherein the bill doesn't say Medicaid. And here we are and the American people have seen this before, a tax scam that is just making the winner circle so small in this country and taking away opportunity for all the rest of America. And they're gonna do anything they can to turn the page and talk about something else, but they just can't do it because this is their big ugly bill and they own it.


You know, I always hear people say, you know, Trump is sending federalizing the National Guards. It's a distraction from the budget bill or from the fact that Elon Musk is saying that Trump's all over the Epstein files. So that's a distraction from this. And then Donald Trump failed in his negotiations, you know, with Iran. And he got, and, and and, and then now there's a war as a distraction. I'm just like, look, I I think that and, and then they arrested a senator as a distraction to distract from the distraction from the distraction. I'm just like, look, this guy is bad. And, and everything they're doing is very problematic. But I still say, I don't know if I, I don't give them the benefit that they're actually actively planning.


I just think they do a lot of bad things that distract from all of these things, things. But the rea But I do agree we can't get distracted from This budget bill. Like I think that's so stipulated. Yeah, because there's a lot to focus on when we wake up every day. Not good things. So what, what are you telling people to do right now as this what This budget Bill sits in the Senate now. We don't know what they're gonna do, how they're gonna handle some of the disagreements. The Republicans in the house sent a letter to the senator saying, I know we passed a really bad bill. You gotta help us. Can you remove the provisions and then send it back? 'cause we didn't, we voted for these things, but we didn't realize it.


So, so, so where are we and where do we go congresswoman? Well Let, let's start at your last point there, because we did have members like Marjorie Taylor Greene saying, oh, I didn't know this provision was in there. I wouldn't vote on it. And they said, okay, we're gonna fix this. So they brought the bill actually back before us on a procedural vote this week and didn't fix it. So they just voted again for all the things that they said, if I had known where in there, I wouldn't vote for this. So we are done with their excuses. They know full well what they're voting for. They know it is against American families and their interest.


It is just as you said, the biggest cuts in history to healthcare and the biggest transfer of money out of the pockets of working families into those of people who don't need and won't even notice these tax breaks. And so yes, is what's happening with calling up our military to LA a distraction. It is, but it is also something we need to talk about Four Square about what that is. That is Donald Trump trying to fulfill his dream of having our military be his own police force and enforce his political will on the American people.


So we have to keep our eye on all of these things and keep connecting the dots for folks at home from all their misinformation, all their lies about what is happening. So today, when this interview is airing, the military Dictator parade is gonna be taking place. We have photos of Fort Bragg where you have this Trump merch was being sold on Fort Bragg. And if you zoom in, you can actually see the American flag being replaced by Trump flags. Donald Trump's name on the flag, Trump's face on the flag flags that just have Donald Trump on it.


They were giving members of the Army a card that was called the White Privilege Card. I'm not making this up. And it says, white privilege trumps everything. And they were handing these out to members of the 82nd Airborne Division who were there. Now the new chairman of the Joint Chiefs of staff, because Trump fired the other guy. The, the new chairman of the joint, chairman of the Joint Chiefs acted like he goes, I, I didn't see those reports. I think you saw the reports on military.com. Everybody's talking about this. So you're either just not looking at things or, or, or you're lying. But this is bad. I mean, this is this, this is bad.


This is ugly. And you know, I i I, you know, from a nonpartisan military perspective and what, what, but what, what's your view of, of, of what we're seeing here and and it's making us weaker abroad. I mean, it's clearly not That's right. Strong or no one's listening to what the guy's saying. That's right. And it's funny how that happens when you abandon your allies and you side with your adversaries. But what we saw play out at Fort Bragg is a continuation of what we're seeing play out in la This is politicizing our armed forces. And that is something the constitution has a lot to say about. And the American people have a lot to say about this too, because this is unconstitutional and it is a dangerous escalation of what this president is doing.


And, you know, he has been attacking civil rights inequality. But just think about that moment of handing out cards that say white privilege at a military installation in the United States of America. I'm replacing our flag, our country's flag with his own. I mean, if there, if you need more proof that he is moving rapidly to consolidating power, to making this an authoritarian regime instead of a presidency, you need more proof of that. I don't know what to say to you.


He is putting it all out for the American people. And I am telling you, the American people are not gonna stand for this. And it is part of what we have to do. We have to keep speaking out because the, the strategy of chaos does work. It does distract us from things. So we have to be able to talk to all of these pieces and not let anybody forget the, the very big generational impact that the big ugly bill is gonna have. While we also have to talk about what it means to be sending Marines into la a situation that has seen some violence, has seen things that none of us condone, but also is under control by local and state police.


And there was no need as the judges ruled for the National Guard to be there that was unlawful. And it, again, it is unlawful and unconstitutional that our troops are being called into LA as well. So all these pieces tie together and paint a very dangerous picture for our democracy. You know, I I I think the people are, are really beginning to get it also. And it's why also, I always point out what the right winging media is trying to do. You, you know, when they're very heavy on talking about what is Simone Biles beefing with Riley Gaines about?


And you know, when they start their attacks on what's a woman, what's a woman in the bathroom, da da da da da. It's like, All right, we, we, we, we, we know the game, we know the hustle. We're calling it out and we're speaking to the American people. Anything else you wanna say before, before we wrap up? You know, it, it's just that we're going to stay on it. As Democrats in the house, we realize what's at stake for American families and we have an opportunity in the Senate to try and stop this bill. And we are gonna do it. And at the same time, we are gonna be out there and joining peaceful protests around the country and saying, there's no room for a king here.


We already fought that war. It started right here in Massachusetts. We won that revolution, and we are not gonna let another monarchy take root in the White House Democratic Whip. Katherine Clark, appreciate you. Thank You, Ben. Everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100%. USA Union Made.