
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me. Chuck T, what do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customer spent $5 to get 200 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is knowledgeable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Hi, I am Sarah pgi, the founder of blueland. When I think about the household cleaning products I'm using around my kids, I wanna know that they're safe to use on surfaces, dishes and clothes. Basically all the items that ultimately end up either in my kids' mouths or on their skin. That's why I created blueland. Every blueland product is made to meet the highest parental environmental standards. Our products are not just clean, they're mom clean. In 2024, Blueland was named an EP, a Safer choice partner of the year from cleaning sprays and toilet bowl cleaner to dishwasher and laundry detergent, tablets. All of our formulas are a hundred percent plastic free, made a certified clean ingredients free from chlorine, bleach, and harsh chemicals. We believe that you shouldn't have to choose between what's safe for your family, good for the planet, and proven to actually work. Get 15% off your first order by going to blueland.com/clean. That's blueland.com/clean to get 15% off.


I'm joined by democratic leader Hakeem Jeffries, leader Jefferies, I gotta ask you, now that we're 100 days into this Trump presidency, how do you grade it? The only question to be asked is whether Donald Trump should be given a D for disaster or an F for failure. I'm gonna give him an F for complete and total failure, Or I'm gonna give him an F for complete and total fraud. I mean, do you believe that he's perpetrating a fraud right now on the American people when he says, look, just gimme a little more time. Tariffs are working so good, I'm gonna eliminate all of your taxes 'cause we're getting so rich.


And by the way, Trump Gold cards everybody, I mean when he keeps doing that, doesn't that look like how he ran his businesses into the ground in the nineties? That's correct. We know that he bankrupted at least three different businesses, including bankrupting a casino, which is like impossible to do. The house always wins unless the house, in terms of the casino is being run by Donald Trump now he's actually trying to bankrupt the United States of America crashing the economy and driving us toward a recession. And you are absolutely correct that the whole thing is fraudulent. Donald Trump and House Republicans spent all of last year on the campaign trail promising to lower costs on day one to bring down inflation and to make life more affordable.


That was their central promise to the American people. They lied. There was never any intention to do it. And we now see that costs aren't going down. They're going up. Tariffs are actually adding thousands of dollars of additional costs to hardworking American taxpayers. They think that social security is a Ponzi scheme. Actually, social security is not a Ponzi scheme. The Trump administration has turned into a Ponzi scheme. They promise one thing and they deliver a disaster. And you see Donald Trump's approval is plummeting across all polls, whether it's Pew, whether it's Ipsos, and whether it's Fox.


Donald Trump now attacking the pollsters. Also he's saying he, you know, they're enemies of the state. Also, consumer confidence is at its lowest since Covid. Even If you go back from that, like a lot of these things are like the lowest since these polls have been like taken taken. So it seems to be registering now though, amongst the American people. Do, do you think that's what's happening? Absolutely correct. In fact, Donald Trump is now the most unpopular president in terms of his public approval. In the first 100 days in modern American history. He broke his own record And we now have seen polling that has him in the high thirties at best.


He's in the low forties. That's abysmally low. But it's because the American people have seen the assault on the economy, the assault on social security, the assault on Medicaid and healthcare, the assault on veterans and the assault on the rule of law, the American way of life and democracy itself. And the American people aren't feeling it, which is why his poll numbers are plummeting. And so the only question then is when will house Republicans stop being a rubber stamp for his extreme agenda? We only need four Republicans in the house or four Republicans in the Senate to partner with us as House Democrats or Senate Democrats.


And we can stop these bad things from happening legislatively. We can stop their efforts to try to jam their extreme budget down the throats of the American people because house Democrats are gonna stay locked in, in opposition to the extreme things that they are trying to do, like take away the healthcare from the American people Leader Jefferies. You know, I'm not trying to mock Donald Trump when I say what I'm about to say, but I think it's a valid question that just needs to be asked right now after the first 100 days. And do you think more needs to be discussed about his cognitive abilities? And I, and I mean this sincerely. I mean, he's saying that he did 200 deals. There's not 200 countries.


He's saying he's having conversations with world leaders and these conversations are not happening. He's putting tariffs on penguins. And when you see him, like you see him in in Rome, whether he's sleeping at the ceremony and, and just, you know, not following the dress code, you know, the the, there seems to be issues when I watch it just as somebody, you know, known people in their life, whether it's, and I won't even go there, it's just, it's concern, there's concern there, and I just don't think it's being discussed. I, I don't know what, what you think about that. Donald Trump spent the last year and a half questioning the cognitive ability of President Joe Biden notwithstanding many of the legislative accomplishments that Donald Trump could only wish he got over the finish line.


And so I think it's fair that a lot of Americans across the country that I run into are questioning whether Donald Trump is actually fit at this point to be able to carry out the duties of the United States of America in terms of being the president and the commander in chief. Then again, we know that this is someone who has spent a lifetime lying in every aspect of his life and he lies seamlessly. And so you just wonder whether, the other explanation is that some of this is just his willingness to try to consistently lie to the American people. And the same way that he lied about Project 2025 on the campaign trail acted like it didn't exist.


And then all of the extremism, all of the parade of horribles, this whole flood the zone strategy, which we are consistently pushing back against in congress, in courts and in communities across the country, but it's all centered around Project 2025, which he said to the American people he was unaware of and acted like it didn't exist. And that that, that of course fundamentally like the, the, the willingness to continue to lie to the American people is quite unfortunate. But the American people aren't buying it, which is why you are seeing his public approval crash. And in poll, after poll, after poll, the generic ballot, who would the American people rather have in charge, Republicans in Congress who are a rubber stamp or Democrats who will be a check and balance on an out of control executive branch poll after poll after poll have said, we wanna put Democrats in charge so you can actually do the bidding of the American people, not simply bending the knee to Donald Trump, which is what the Republicans in the Congress are doing right now.


Let's talk about what Democrats are doing. I think the public's responding now positively to seeing Democrats out there fighting. I saw the sitting that you did with Senator Booker over the weekend, 12 hours on the Capitol Hill steps. That was great. Of course, Senator Booker setting the record for the longest speech on the floor in the Senate. I've seen Democrats being supportive of the peaceful protests taking place and of course seeing Democrats go into town halls in red states. This was a strategy that you outlined when I spoke to you a few months ago and you said, this is what we're going to be doing. We're seeing it be executed. The plan now, can can you speak to that more? Yeah, thank you for that question.


We laid out the plan and over the last 100 days we've been systematically executing it. And it's all anchored in the theory that more is more that we have to continue to respond by doing more stacking one thing on top of the other. So the rallies, the peaceful protests, the days of action. Last two weeks we had a Medicaid matters day of action, a social security day of action and a cost of living, week of action. And we'll continue to do that. We're doing hearings in the capitol, we're taking those hearings on the road. We're doing town hall meetings in democratic districts and town hall meetings in Republican districts since they're running away from interacting with their constituents.


So we're going into those districts and speaking the truth to the American people, press conferences, sit-ins, speeches on the Senate floor like Cory Booker was able to do in historic fashion speeches on the house floor and continuing to be present to push back against all the things. More is more. And we transition from the first 100 days into the second 100 days. We'll continue to, to elevate that type of principled opposition, which is needed while also articulating our blueprint for better America, the things that we as Democrats will do to make life better for the American people.


And I'll leave this interview on this note and let you kind of speak to the American people on, on your message right now to the American people, it's been a difficult 100 days, whether it's Trump violating Supreme Court orders, Elon Musk and Trump's Doge hostile takeover, destroying things that people really rely on the attack on Medicaid, disastrous trade wars, people seeing their 4 0 1 ks and pensions be lost as Donald Trump and his crew. What they, they celebrated in, in the Willard Hotel, the announcement of a club, they're calling the executive branch for like rich people, they pay $500,000 and you become a member of the executive.


It's, it's, it's a lot for people to process, but as we are here, you and I on the 100 days, just what, what's your message to the American people right now? Senator Booker and I decided to sit down just the two of us on Sunday around 6:15 AM on the capital steps to have a conversation with each other and then hopefully have a conversation with the American people. Hundreds of people showed up throughout the day to sit with us. And in fact, millions upon millions upon millions of people were able to engage with us through the live stream that took place in solidarity with the effort. We were inspired to do it based on our perspective of constantly asking the question, what would John Lewis do?


And in this particular instance, we knew the answer when it came to trying to save healthcare in 2017. He sat down on the capital steps and spoke to the American people about why it was important to forcefully push back in defense of what matters. And so that is something that we must continue to do. John Lewis would say to us often when you see wrongdoing taking place, never give up, never give in. And that is what we are gonna continue to do. That's what the American people have shown over the last 100 days. We're gonna continue to show up and stand up and speak up.


We will not stop fighting until we continue America's march toward a more perfect union until we end this national nightmare, until we make sure that this is a nation truly with liberty and justice for all. There you have it. Democratic leader, Hakeem Jeffries, 100 day message to the American people here on the Midas Touch Network leader, Jefferies, thank you for joining us. Thank you, Ben. Everybody hit subscribe and let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough. Midas, check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now at Midas plus.com.


What's standing between you and your first sale on Shopify time, expertise, resources. What If you could multiply all three product descriptions? Done, store insights delivered 2:00 AM customer questions handled instantly. Entrepreneurs on Shopify are reaching their first sale faster with AI that works with you. Go to Shopify dot com slash first sale to see how entrepreneurs use AI to grow their businesses faster. That's Shopify dot com slash first sale.