
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request. an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage. LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.


This is when we need democratic leaders to step up and fight. And Democratic Congress member Jim McGovern from Massachusetts is doing just that. Watch what he said moments ago on the floor of the House of Representatives. Let's play it. I mean, what the hell is going on here? And their cabinet picked so far. I mean. These are like beyond insane. Someone who is credibly accused of having sex with an underage girl, someone who sucks up to foreign dictators and has attracted major concern that they can't be trusted to protect America's secrets from our adversaries. Someone who paid hush money to cover up a sexual assault accu accusation, you know, to lead our military.


Be he's picked because Donald Trump likes him on Fox News. Someone who says that tap water turns kids gay I mean this is the dream team. This is the dream team. Really I mean. Seriously. It would be funny if it weren't so sad. Congress member McGovern continued. Here's what he said. Let's play it Daily basis. And they wanna blame. Woke this and woke that. What's woke about thinking special interests should not be able to buy tax breaks. What's woke about tell Chevron and Exxon that they can't dump toxic chemicals into our air and water?


What's woke about thinking it's wrong to give tax breaks to billionaires while the rest of us get screwed? Now, that's the kind of passion, that's the kind of fire, that's how we go on the offense without compromising our values, whether we're Democrats or just human beings who should stick up for fellow human beings? Here's Democratic Congress member Jim McGovern once again, play this clip. They voted for their pocketbooks and frankly, I don't blame them. You know who I do blame? I blame the billionaires who have rigged our country against working people and spent the last four decades squeezing every penny they could out of people. I blame the politicians, including the incoming administration who have abandoned workers and who have, and who have done nothing while the rich get richer and everyone else gets screwed.


My friends on the other side, they wanna blame trans people. Guess what? Trans people aren't the ones raising people's grocery prices. Big corporations are. They wanna blame immigrants. And here's the deal. Immigrants aren't the ones denying health insurance claims, Mr. Speaker, it's the billion dollar insurance companies that do that on a daily basis, and they wanna blame. Woke this and woke that. What's woke about thinking special interests should not be able to buy tax breaks. What? By the way, there's a reason when you look at the stats in Massachusetts, health, wealth, education, other important metrics, the people of Massachusetts are number one or top five.


And is it a surprise to you that every single district in Massachusetts voted for Vice President Kamala Harris? On the contrary, you take a look at a state like Oklahoma, where every single congressional district voted for Donald Trump. They're about last in health, wealth education. You name the metric, it's the exact opposite. But I digress. Maga Mike Johnson though, holds a press conference after Congress member Jim McGovern was on the floor and Maga Mike Johnson, or some people are now referring to him as Donald Trump's little Johnson Maga Mike Johnson says the following, play this clip.


Hello everybody. I just wanna make a statement for all of you here and be very clear. I was asked a question this morning at the leadership gaggle, and I rejected the premise because the answer is, is so obvious for anybody who doesn't know my well-established record on, on this issue. Let me be unequivocally clear. A man is a man and a woman is a woman, and a man cannot become a woman. That said, I also believe that's what scripture teaches what I just said, but I also believe that we treat everybody with dignity. And so we can do and believe all those things at the same time. And I wanted to make that clear for everybody. 'cause there's lots of questions, but that's where I stand.


I've stood there my whole life and those are facts. So What are these special accommodations that you'll take? That was not fair. Yeah. So you have Maga Mike Johnson now just explicitly denying the existence of trans people. Remember when they were just like, no, this is just about sports. It's just about, no, it was never just about that. It was just about dehumanizing people, bullying, people, punching down, attacking marginalized community, going after people who are already vulnerable. You know, who's, who's the the does that all the time. It's MAGA Republican congresswoman Nancy Mace, her and Marjorie Taylor Greene. They've been going after Congresswoman McBride, who is a, the first trans congresswoman.


She's from Delaware. And here, just watch what Nancy May says here, play this clip Today and last night for fighting to protect women and girls. It's ridiculous. So if that being a feminist makes me ex an extremist, I'm totally here for it. Is This effort in response to Congresswoman McBrides coming to Congress? Yes, and absolutely. And then some, I'm not gonna stand for a man, you know, someone with a penis is in the women's locker room. That's not okay. And I'm a victim of abuse myself. I'm a rape survivor. I have PTSD from the abuse I've suffered at the hands of a man, and I know how vulnerable women and girls are in private spaces.


So I'm absolutely a hundred percent gonna stand in the way of any man who wants to be in a women's restroom in our locker rooms, in our changing rooms. I'll be there fighting you every step of the way. How do you think that? Back to Maga Mike Johnson here, he's asked, so is representative elect Sarah McBride from Delaware's at large district, a man or a woman? Here's what MAGA Mike says, play this clip. Mr. Speaker is freshman elect Sarah McBride, a man or a woman. Hmm. Look, I'm not gonna get into this. We, we welcome all new members with open arms who are duly elected representatives of the people. I believe it's a, it's a, a, a command that we treat all persons with dignity and respect.


And we will, and I'm not gonna engage in, in, in silly debates about this, there's a concern about uses of restroom facilities and locker rooms and all that. This is an issue that Congress has never had to address before. And we're gonna do that in deliberate fashion with member consensus on it. And we will accommodate the needs of every single person. That's all. Mr. Mr. Yes. Do you plan on bringing Nancy Mac's transgender bill and putting that into the rules package? I'm, we're not, I'm not gonna address the plans on any of that. I just told you what I'm gonna say about the issue. I'm not gonna engage in this. We don't look down upon anyone. We treat everybody with dignity and respect. That's a principle that I've pursued my whole life. And we will take care of this, you know, issue of first impression for Congress as we will any other thing.


We'll, we'll provide appropriate accommodation for every member of Congress. Mr. Mr. Speaker.


It's time to break up with your trash can. No more stinky garbage or raccoon messes. Lomi is your clean eco-friendly partner. With Lomi, I get to turn my food scraps into dirt with just the push of a button. It's a countertop electric composter that transforms waste into nutrient rich dirt in less than four hours. I can run it while I sleep, just like my dishwasher. No more smelly trash bins. And it's so quiet, I barely even notice it's on. Since getting my Lomi, I've been taking out way less garbage. I used to haul out like three full trash bags every week. Now I'm down to just one. Last night I tossed all the leftovers from dinner into Lomi, hit the button, and by morning it was nutrient rich dirt instead of a smelly bag of trash. And what I love most is knowing how much waste I'm keeping out of landfills. Less trash means less methane. And with Lomi, I'm turning waste into dirt. My plants absolutely love. It's so satisfying to know I'm doing my part for the environment without any extra effort. Getting me Lomi was one of the best decisions I made for my home. I used to feel guilty about all the food waste I was tossing, but now Lomi has completely shifted that. If you are ready to make a positive environmental impact and make up a breeze, Lomi is exactly what you need. Head over to Lomi dot com slash midas and use promo code Midas to get $50 off your Lomi. That's $50 off when you go to LOM i.com/m E-I-D-A-S And use promo code Midas at checkout. Say goodbye to food waste and hello to a cleaner greener kitchen with Lomi and with the holidays around the corner, Lomi makes the perfect gift for someone on your list.


Here's Mag and Mike again. Let's play this clip. Mr. Yes, sir. Do you plan on bringing Nancy Mace's transgender bill and putting that into the rules package? I we're not, I'm not gonna address the plans on any of that. I just told you what I'm gonna say about the issue. I'm not gonna engage in this. We don't look down upon anyone. We treat everybody with dignity and respect. That's a principle that I've pursued my whole life. And we will take care of this, you know, issue a first impression for Congress as we will any other thing. We'll, we'll provide appropriate accommodation for every member of Congress, Mr. Speaker. And so while you have Democrats like Jim McGovern going on the offense, you also have some Republicans going on the offense, some magdas against each other.


So. here you have MAGA Republican, Anna Paulina Luna attacking pretty much Republican senators who want to release the Matt Gaetz ethics report that could implicate Matt Gaetz in child sex trafficking. And Anna Polina Luna is like, we're gonna, we're gonna come after your stock portfolios. We're gonna look into you if you do that here, play this clip. And I Will say that for the senators that are coming forward and stating that they need to read this testimony, let's look into these people's stocks portfolios and how they're becoming multimillionaires off of $175,000 a year. The reason, And by the way, while all of that's taking place on Capitol Hill, we heard from Donald Trump's borders are today Tom Homan.


And for those who are out there saying, oh, they're not the bloody mass deportations isn't real. That's not going to impact us. No bloody mass deportations. That's just criminals and terrorists. Well, everybody agrees that criminals and terrorists should be arrested, deported and be prosecuted to the maximum extent by law. That's not what Trump and they're saying, Trump and them are talking about bloody deportations going after your aita, going after Tia and Tia. That's their plan. Don't believe me. Here is the new borders. Are Tom Holman talking today? Play this clip Real quickly. What happens to a mayor or a local police department chief that is under democratic leadership that obstructs ice in your federal agents that are helping get these deportation?


What happens to them? Well, first of all, if they don't want help us get the hell outta the way, we're going to do it. If I got sent twice amount of resources to that city, that's what we're going to do. If, if they would give us access to the jail, that would mean less agents in the community for them pushing back and not letting us in the jail. It just mean more agents are gonna be in the community. So they're hurting themselves. Finally, I'll say this, they need to educate themselves. They need to review this. Title eight United States Code 1324 Triple. I read about that and don't cross that line because it is a felony to harbor and conceal an illegal alien from ice. Read the statute. Don't cross that line. That's a warning from Tom Holman right there. Oh, And back to Magna Mike Johnson right here, who continues to leave the door open to bypassing Congress and recess appointing people who are accused of sex trafficking like Matt Gaetz and others who are accused of sexual assault, like the Fox News ho host Pete Hegseth, who Donald Trump nominated to be the Secretary of Defense here play this clip.


You, You left the doors go open for a recent appointment, but you said, I hope that the Senate is gonna do a job. My question, will the confirmation process be the ultimate test of Republican party unity or bipartisan corporation? Well, look, it, it, it all remains to be seen I mean. I I I genuinely believe that the Senate should do its job. I I think it's an important principle for us to maintain that an incoming president gets to select their own team. I, I, I think, I think that's an important principle. The advising consent responsibility is, is given to the Senate and the Constitution. They, they need to take that seriously and they will, they'll properly vet nominees and that process will, will play out.


But look, I'll just say this about a number of the nominees that have been appointed. I think President Trump is looking for persons who will shake up the status quo. And we got a mandate in this election cycle to do that. The status quo is not working for the American people. And so these are persons who will go in and bring real reform. Oh, we also got to hear from Donald Trump's FCC nominee. Donald Trump wants this guy Brendan Carr, to chair the FCC. Here he is just threatening NBC and CBS over maga conspiracies play this clip FCC do to help legacy media. You know, there's a lot the FCC can do. Broadcasters are differently situated than other speakers.


They get free access to a valuable public resource, the airwaves, and they're licensed by the FCC. And the exchange for that is they have to serve the public interest. I think it's important that we take another look at that and we reinvigorate it. There's also a, a news distortion complaint at the FCC, still having to do with CBS. And CBS has a transaction before the FCC and I'm pretty confident that that news distortion complaint over the CBS 60 minutes transcript is something that's likely to arise in the context of the F'S review of that transaction. Fortunately, We also got news that Donald Trump selected Howard Lutnick, the billionaire CEO of Cantor Fitzgerald to be the Secretary of Commerce.


And here's what Lutnick was known for, saying during the campaign, play this clip. So the first thing, we must elect Donald J. Trump president because we must crush Jihad. And finally, let me show you here. This is some video of Matt Gaetz that has surfaced where he was donating a thousand dollars to little girl fundraisers and then showing her an old photo of them together about how much she's grown. play the clip, All of your achievements and success along the way.


I I think you got a great future ahead of you and I'm looking forward to being a cheerleader for you. Thank You. So what's next? Huh? Tell, tell me what you're, you're always working on a fun or interesting project. Whatcha are you working on these days? I am still trying to complete my goal of $7,000 for the Ronald McDonald House. And right now I'm over $6,000. You're over six. So you have one more? You only have one more. One more. I tell you what I'm in for it. The, the Friends of Matt Gates campaign will donate a thousand dollars. So if we can close final look at How about that?


That be cool? Yeah. Alright, great. Well, I'll, I'll I I'll make that pledge and we'll get that to you and that way we will complete the goal together. Thank you so much. See you. Look, that's us. I remember that. Yeah. You don't look anything like, look at how much you've grown. And finally, here is Democratic Congress member Jared Moskowitz going on the offense too against foreign interference. Play this clip. And so I do wanna say one more thing 'cause I think it's tremendously important for my colleagues across the aisle and my, my democratic colleagues. It is so important that we don't allow FEMA to become politicized and that we don't allow disaster aid to become politicized.


Laser beams do not start fires in California. We cannot guide where hurricanes go. And you know what, you know who's amplifying that stuff? Foreign accounts, other countries are amplifying that stuff on social media to divide us, to divide Democrats and Republicans. They want us fighting over disaster aid because it helps their goal. We can't participate in that. We shouldn't amplify that. So well There you have it folks. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers and thank you for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Lipsy ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.