
A B,


C Thursdays. Welcome back. Grey's Anatomy is all new. Why Didn't you tell me you were pregnant? The drama going down bungee jumper from the bridge is cord snapped. We need all hands on deck is unbelievable. You think of God's gift to this hospital, you're just another doctor. My relationship with Catherine A is complicated. I'm gonna sue you. Your lawyers know where to find me. You are unbelievable. G Grey's Anatomy, all new Thursdays ten nine Central on A, B, C, and stream on Hulu


Right now. Get scary good deals on select ring cameras and doorbells. See who's there. River. Keep your scaredy Cats company. Oh, it's okay, sweetie. I'll be home soon. And protect your crypt from the real monsters. Oh, come on. The sign says take one. Save big on select ring devices right now@ring.com.


The Democrats in Congress are not messing around folks. Finally, finally, finally, finally, they are hitting Republicans where it hurts. And I know from speaking with all of you and just from my entire life, that the biggest weakness of the Democratic Party has always been in its messaging. But with these new batch of Democrats, we are finally seeing a shift. There was an event yesterday put on by the House Democratic Steering and Policy Committee where they decided that they were going to hold a hearing to expose Project 2025. And oh boy did they. During this hearing, they showed a bunch of these compilations that were absolutely damning to the Republican party showed their hypocrisy and showed their danger to the American people.


I'm going to play some of my favorites from that hearing and then I'm gonna play some of the other amazing compilations that are out there going viral on the internet. First, let me just say, my name is Brett MiSiS here with the Midas Touch Network bringing you the latest news. As always, hit that subscribe button. We are on our way to 3.5 million subscribers. Hit the like, leave a comment as well. It all helps. Okay, let's get right into it. Here was a compilation of clips of Republicans promising to repeal the Affordable Care Act presented by Congressman Ruiz at this hearing yesterday. Check it out. But this isn't the first time the Extreme House Republicans have targeted our care.


It's the same old story. The GOP is obsessed with repealing the Affordable Care Act. We promised that we would repeal and replace Obamacare, and that's exactly what we're going to do. Well, this has been a very productive week in the House as we continue our efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare After this morning. The resolve of our conference to repeal Obamacare and replace it has never been stronger. It's why I and many of my colleagues did. As we promised and voted to repeal This failed law, we will be able to immediately repeal and replace Obamacare, have to do it. That begins with immediately repealing and replacing the disaster known as Obamacare.


So I'd like to terminate Obamacare tonight. I am also calling on this Congress to repeal and replace Obamacare. So many of you heard two weeks ago when Donald Trump said he has a concept of a plan about healthcare. I can tell you what that plan is. It's the only plan he and his allies have had for the last decade getting rid of the Affordable Care Act project.


2025 is Trump's latest plan to repeal the A CA and take affordable coverage away from more than 21 million Americans, including over 300,000 people. In my district alone. It would add lifetime caps on Medicaid threatening healthcare for another 18 million people. And it would let insurance companies once again discriminate against people with preexisting conditions. The same patients and now constituents that I serve, the only people who would benefit from pro Trump's project 2025, are the billionaires and big corporations who will be able to squeeze even greater profits out of patience.


One of the big goals within Project 2025 is also to roll back reproductive freedoms for millions of Americans go even further than the abortion bans that they have in place right now. So the Democrats at this hearing put together a compilation of clips of Republicans celebrating the overturning of Roe v Wade and promising to take it even further. Watch. And while Republicans are now trying to run away from the consequences of their extreme agenda, they were jubilant the day that Roe was overturned and even promised to take it much further. There's no right to abortion in the Constitution.


And thankfully the Supreme Court finally said that decisively, thanks be to God, Mr. Speaker, let me first, first say, God bless the United States Supreme Court and God bless and God bless President Trump for the people he selected for our highest court. First Thank you to the Supreme Court for removing the curse of abortion. I am so incredibly grateful and gratified that the Supreme Court has finally overturned Roe v. Wade. Today's historic Supreme Court decision is a victory for the sanctity of life. But the work just begins now to go and protect life even more because the Supreme Court's decision overturning Roe v.


Wade, correcting that flawed decision finally allows states and Congress to protect life in ways that we never were able to for the last 50 years. Republicans will not stop until abortion is criminalized nationwide. After all, just six pages into the more than 900 pages of Trump's project, 2025, it says, quote, the Dobbs decision is just the beginning unquote. And we just saw how they celebrated the Dobbs decision. And we are no strangers to a great compilation here at the Midas. Touch Network. We noticed a history on Fox of host Jesse Waters making these very creepy, misogynist, sexist comments on air.


So we put together this compilation, check it out. She's gonna get paralyzed in the situation room while the generals have their way with her right now. Jessie Water, Jesse, I don't like that. Figuratively again, take it back. Have their way with her. Control her. Not in a sexual way. And she's just an average woman. Kennedy, she's, she's just an average kind of mediocre person who avoids fixing things. 'cause she doesn't want any attention. That's negative. She doesn't try that hard. And then when she does not try, she gets in trouble for not trying. And then she yells at everybody else. She likes wine, she likes food, she likes to dance.


She's just like your typical girl's girl. That sounds very basic. Yeah. That talks behind everybody's back and then says nice things to your face. It's, you know, she's just not at the level of what you'd think would be a president. Mm. She's just too mediocre to be president. Very interesting. She didn't earn this. She inherited it. And Americans aren't hot on airs. They like self-made men and women. They're brainwashing us. But Jessica, she did explain why she likes Doritos. She said after she found out Trump won in 16, she sat there with like a big family-sized bag of Doritos and ate the whole thing. Yeah, she obviously eats her feelings and when she experiences anxiety, she puts a lot of food in her mouth.


I'm worried if she's elected Commander-in-chief, she's gonna become so anxious she's gonna end up looking like walls. Okay, the woman vote again, coming home for the Republican. No.


Are you still using a personal phone for business calls? That's a common mistake a lot of business owners make, but it's holding you back. You need more than just a cell phone and a notes app to run things smoothly. That's where OpenPhone comes in. An all-in-One solution that keeps you connected and organized with the help of ai. Imagine this, your team's working remotely, but everyone has access to the same information. Making collaboration seamless. With OpenPhone, you can guarantee that your employees are always in sync. Plus their AI powered features go beyond just calls. They can help you summarize phone calls, suggest next steps, and even create to-Do lists so your business can run more efficiently. OpenPhone is the number one business phone system built for modern businesses. It streamlines client communication and fosters teamwork with tons of customizable, flexible features. Whether you're on your phone or your computer. OpenPhone integrates with systems like HubSpot and more making it easy to manage from anywhere. Businesses love it because it's collaborative and rated number one, customer satisfaction. With over 1700 glowing reviews, it's been voted best in usability. Easiest to set up and more. Right now. OpenPhone is offering 20% off your first six months. Just go to OpenPhone dot com slash midas. That's O-P-E-N-P-H-O-N e.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for 20% off your first six months. Plus, if you've got existing numbers, OpenPhone will port them over at no extra charge.


Yeah, that guy is just the worst, absolutely disgusting behavior. If he worked at any job in the world other than being on Fox News, he would've been fired long ago. Here is another montage made by us here at the Midas. Touch Network. It's three minutes straight of Donald Trump. Confusing and forgetting people's names. The names of cities he's in and more. Watch this. I think he should take a cognitive test like I did. I took a cognitive test and I aced it. Doc Ronnie. Doc Ronnie Johnson. Does everyone know Ronnie Johnson? Congressman from Texas? He was the White House doctor. How good did Elise step it at you?


Do you know? We've endorsed Dr. Oz, we've endorsed jp, right? JD Mandel, and he's doing great. Jimmy Connors is a Jimmy. Jimmy Connors a scooter. He's also happy. Mike Bolton. John Bolton is here. Mike Bolton, as you know, is in Russia and there was progress today. I look forward to solving it. Thank you, Steve. It was Trump's fault. It's always Trump's fault. Can it ever be like Rick Gates's fault? I mean it's always Trump's fault, Rick, by the way, they never report the crowd on January 6th. You know, Nikki Haley, Nikki Haley, Nikki Haley. You know they did. You know, they destroyed all of the information, all of the evidence, everything deleted and destroyed all of it.


All of it. Because of lots of things. Like Nikki Haley is in charge of security. We offered her 10,000 people. We have some of our great business leaders and leaders. Period right behind me. I may ask Marilyn. Lockheed, we appreciate it very much. Tim Apple, yes please, Mr. Kurt Thank you very much for your time. You know, it was interesting. Joe Biden won against Barack Hussein Obama. Has anyone ever heard of him arrest their leading political opponent leading by a lot, including Obama? I'll tell you what, you take a look at Obama and take a look at some of the things that he's done and Putin, you know, has so little respect for Obama that he's starting to throw around the nuclear war theory.


You heard that Nuclear, thanks for giving your first comments on the bill on this show. It means a lot to us. We appreciate it, sir. Thanks a lot. You have a deal. Thanks a lot. Bye. Joe Bright. This guy is just the worst though. Will Christian ever run for president against you? And you heard the Prime Minister, you heard be maybe have Matt Blum speak next because he's been so incredible in so many ways. He fights so hard. He loves his state, he loves the people. A new think of it, a new branch of the United States military, United States, armed forces called Air Force. I never talked about that. That's something we never talked about, but what we just saw, we just left.


Pleasure. Yeah, a very big hello to a place where we've done very well. Sioux Falls, Thank, you very much. Sioux Falls, Thank, you, ux. So Sioux City, let me ask you and the worst president in the history of our country who is cognitively impaired. We would be in World War ii very quickly, the worst president in the history of our country will be a fading nightmare. He'll be a fading. I have fading memory. Yikes and Donald.


Trump often likes to deny things that he has said numerous times. One of the latest things that he's been denying is he's saying that I never said lock her up. I would never say lock her up in relation to Hillary Clinton or anybody. So here's a super cut of him saying it, courtesy of Mediaite. Check it out. Tell you what, for What she's done, they should lock her up. She's disgraceful. It's disgraceful. So crooked. Hillary, wait, crooked that you should lock her up. I'll tell you, I'll tell you something though. I Lock him up. You should lock them up. Lock up the buttons. Lock up Hillary. Okay, here's one just came out.


Lock her up is right. You know what I've been saying? I've been saying let's just beat her on November 8th. But you know what? Oh no. You know what? I'm starting to agree with you. I'll Tell you. And all these Republicans who are now fawning over Donald Trump and hanging on his every last word, groveling to him, doing everything they can to please him, basically, all of them, at a certain point hated Donald Trump. And were willing to actually speak the truth about him, including Donald Trump's running mate. JD Vance here is a brilliant montage that M-S-N-B-C put together of Republicans who are now endorsing Trump.


Calling him things like a quotes sniffling coward. A con artist saying they never liked him, saying he put our lives at risk and bore. We're on the verge of having someone take over the conservative movement and the Republican party who's a Con artist? Donald, You're a sniffling. Coward. And leave Heidi the hell alone. I'm a nevertrump guy. I never liked Him. All I can say is count me out. Enough is enough. I've tried to be helpful. We were really trying hard to figure out how do we, how do we hold a president accountable that put all of our lives at risk? There's no question done that President Trump is practically and morally responsible for provoking the events of the day.


No question about it. Donald. Trump likes to often speak about Christianity and likes to position himself as the second coming of Christ. And this is the messaging that he's pumping out to his cult followers, despite the fact that he does not know the Bible at all. Here's a brilliant montage put together by Midas touch editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski of Trump talking about his love of the Bible, and yikes, watch The Bible. You talked about the art of the Deal. Great book the Bible even better. Why is that for you? What? There's so many things like, you know, you take whatever you wanna say. There's so many things that you can learn from it. Proverbs, the chapter, never bend to envy.


I've had that thing all of my life where your people are bending to envy and they're just, it's actually, it's an incredible book. So many things you can learn from the Bible and you can lead your life. And I'm not just talking in terms of religion, I'm talking in terms of leading a life even beyond a religion. There's so many brilliant things in the Bible and You, I'm wondering what one or two of your most favored Bible verses are. Why? Well, I, I wouldn't want To get into it because to me that's very personal. You know, when I talk about the Bible, it's very personal. So don don't want To. get into verses. I don't want To get into, there's no Verse. It means a lot to you that you think about or sight. The, the Bible means a lot to me, but I don't want To get into specifics.


Favorite authors? Well, I have a number of favorite authors. I think Tom Wolf is excellent. He's a did great book. Did you read, did you read Vanity the Bonfires? I did not. It's a, it's a phenomenal book. What book are you reading now? Well, I'm reading Bonfire The Vanity Secret. I'm reading my own book again because I think it's so fantastic. Tom I mean, who, is There a favorite bible verse or bible story that has informed your thinking or your character through life, sir? Well, I think many I mean, you know, when we get into the Bible, I think many, so many and how people talk an eye for an eye. You can almost say that that's not a particularly nice thing. But you know, if you look at what's happening to our country, I mean when you see what's going on with our country, how people are taking advantage of us and, and how they scoff at us and laugh at us, and they laugh at our face.


And It's the best book you've read Beside Art of the Deal. I, I really like Tom Will's last book and I think, I think he's a great author. He's, he's done a beautiful job. He's which book? He's the, his current book, his, his, just his current book. It's just out bonfire the Vanities. Yes. And, and the, the man has done a, a very Very good job. And I don't, I, I really can't hear with his earphone, by the way. And I ask some of the folks, because I hear this is a major theme right here, but two Corinthians right, two Corinthians three 17, that's the whole ball game where the spirit of the Lord, right, where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty, and here there is Liberty College, but Liberty University.


But it is so true. You know, when you think, and that's really, is that the one? Is that the one you like? I think that's the one you Didn't decide, a verse that you Like, no, I don't wanna do that. I mean you an Old Testament guy or a New Testament guy, probably equal. I think it's just an incredible, the whole Bible is an incredible, I, you can read it over and many people have done this and they've led their life that way, but you can read it hundreds and hundreds of times. You know, David, they say great art like the Mona Lisa. Some people, they look at it and it doesn't look as great at the beginning, and then they'll look at it. By the time they see it many, many times it becomes the most, they can't take their eyes off it. Whereas art, that's not great. You look at it, it looks beautiful at the beginning, but you don't, you get tired of it.


The Bible is special. The Bible, the more you see it, the more you read it, the more incredible it is. The whole Bible is an incredible, I joke very much so. They always hold up the art of the deal. I say my second favorite book of all times, but I just think the Bible is just something very special. I don't like to use this analogy, but like a great movie, a great incredible movie. You'll see it once, it'll be good. You'll see it again. You can see it 20 times and every time you'll appreciate it more. The Bible is the most special thing. Vice President Kamala Harris and Governor Tim Walls have also really gotten under Donald Trump's skin with a simple phrase by calling Donald Trump and JD Vance. Weird Donald Trump now likes to go to rallies and he spends an inordinate amount of time speaking about his weirdness, saying, I'm not weird, I promise me and JD we're not weird.


So the DNC brilliantly put together this video montage highlighting how weird Trump and Vance really are. Check it. Nobody's ever called me weird of a lot of things, but weird. I'm not the late grade Hannibal Lecter is a wonderful man. You know what I'd do if there was a shark or you get electrocuted, I'll take electrocution every single time. Bing, bing, bing, bing, bing. She said, Kamala has one big advantage. She's a very beautiful woman. I'm a better looking person. Then Kamala, he says, you're not gonna be a dictator, are you? I said, no, no, no. Other than day one, I'd like to congratulate Vladimir Putin for having made yet another great deal.


Ki Young one had a good relationship with, he's a tough, smart guy. Now, if I don't get elected, it's gonna be a bloodbath. Well, they're the weird ones. JD is not at all. The people who are most deranged and most psychotic are people who don't have kids at home. Let's give votes to all children in this country, but let's give control over those votes to the parents of those children In four years. You don't have to vote again. We'll have it fixed. So good, you're not gonna have to Vote. And we could add to that weird montage right here. One of the things Donald Trump does as he goes into all of these cities and towns when he lands on his plane, is he goes out of his plane and he waves to nobody.


As his camera people film him, he then uses it. Sometimes he inserts crowds into videos later on and like Instagram videos, he'll show like there was a crowd there. He just pretends to wave to adoring fans even though there is nobody there or nobody even paying attention to him. If there are people there, you could watch this montage once again put together by our brilliant editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski, You later, Each of those montages that we showed you, all of those compilations truly nail Donald, Trump nail, JD Vance, and expose the hypocrisy and the danger of this entire MAGA Republican party.


I'm happy that we have it all in one place for you right here, so that you could share this video with your friends, with your family, and help get this information out. That is the most important thing that we could all be doing right now. And in order to do that, make sure that you are subscribed to the YouTube channel. Hit the subscribe button, hit the like button, leave a comment. We are on our way to 3.5 million subscribers here on YouTube. Also, listen to us on the Midas Touch podcast on audio. It's on Apple Podcasts, on Spotify. Anywhere you listen to podcasts. It is free and you could leave us a five star review while you are there. Alright, that's all I got for you. For now. Share these videos. Thanks for watching. I'll see you in a bit.


Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.