
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms. Apply


The NBA 82 Game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And DraftKings Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg dot org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance for additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio


Location. The lab, Quentin only has 24 hours to sell his car. Is that even possible? He goes to carvana.com. What is this? A movie trailer He ignores the doubters, enters his license plate. Wow, that's a great offer. The car is sold, but will Carvana pick it up in time for it? They'll Literally pick it up tomorrow morning. Done with the dramatics Car selling in record time. Save your time. Go to carvana.com and sell your car today. Pick up these may apply.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one. Ready to eat meal service factor's. Fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply.


Every Idea starts with a problem. Warby Parker's was simple. Glasses are too expensive. So they set out to change that. By designing glasses in-house and selling directly to customers, they're able to offer prescription eyewear that's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Warby Parker glasses are made from premium materials like impact resistant polycarbonate and custom acetate, and they start at just $95, including prescription lenses. Get glasses made from the good stuff. Stop by a Warby Parker store Near you.


Second form, ma'am. Reclaiming my time. Reiterating ma'am. They wanted children with ma reclaiming my time. I'd like you to avoid the filibuster so I can get to all my questions. Please ma'am. Answering your, the Democrats were ripping into Donald Trump's cabinet members testifying on Capitol Hill with some powerful cross-examination you saw right there. Democratic Congresswoman Esco Barr from Texas Cross-examining the dog killer Homeland Security Secretary Christie Nome. More on that cross exam in a little bit. I now want to show you Democratic Congress member Mark Pocan, his cross-examination of Treasury Secretary Scott Besant, where he basically just asks Bessant the most basic question.


Who pays for Trump's tariffs? Watch the response. Let's play this clip. Who Pays tariffs? Mr. Secretary? No, no, no. Ask the answer the questions I ask, please. I only have five minutes. Who pays tariffs? Sorry. Well, Who pays tariffs? Sorry, Mr. Secretary, please excuse me. The question is very simply, who pays tariffs? Mr. Chairman? The, I'd like him to answer that question. Well, he wants to answer other questions. Well, Congressman, if the congressman, if the exporters, they just dislike tariffs so much, they, why wouldn't they?


If I think what you're trying to get me to say, Did you remember the question? I'm not sure you did. Who pays tariffs That they, it's a very complicated question. Reclaiming my time. People pay tariffs, right? I'm a, I reclaiming my time. Mr. Secretary. Reclaiming my time. Mr. Secretary. No sir. Reclaiming my time, sir. No sir. You clearly aren't gonna answer it. I'm not gonna waste my Next up. Democratic Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett goes one by one with the individuals who the Magar Republicans called to this committee hearing and she goes and explains, seems pretty easy that Trump's policies are bad. Wouldn't you agree? Don't you think that these are some low IQ policies?


She says, here, play this clip. Thank you so much, Mr. Chair. Okay, I don't really know where to begin. We've got a lot of ground to cover in about five minutes. So let's go. I've got three statements that I wanna know if you agree or disagree with, and I wanna just go down the row, yes or no. Does cutting pay typically assist in recruiting a workforce? Yes or no? No. No. Generally no. No. Thank you. It sounds like a low IQ implementation to me. So let's go to the next one. Does poor working conditions assist with recruitment? Yes or no? No.


No, no. No. Sounds like another low IQ implementation to me. And finally, I'm gonna start with Mr. Potter 'cause I don't know how this is gonna go. Does union busting help with recruitment? No. I, I know nothing about unions whatsoever. I'm sorry. Okay. I I don't know anything about unions Either. Okay. No. Okay. So again, another low IQ implementation. I just wanna be clear that the American people should know that these are all Trump 2.0 policies. So when we say that he's failed, let me tell you, we got receipts and those are some of the receipts. So when we start talking, So then the MAGA Republicans were getting so ripped to shreds yesterday and they really have no ability to even debate anymore.


'cause they just basically take whatever Donald Trump posts on social media and then they're like, okay, I guess that's what we believe in now. And they, and they know that they get flustered and that they can't even justify their positions. So I showed you this thing that they were doing last week in their continuing to do it this week. The, I'm talking about the members of Congress now, the MAGA Republican congress members. So they don't even speak or debate with the Democratic Congress members anymore. They stay mute. They go silent. So you have a Democratic Congress member, like Congress member Nago, and he'll say, okay, could we debate this amendment? Because that's what we're supposed to do in Congress. Who wants to discuss this?


I'd love to just debate it so I can see why you oppose it. And, and we can, let's, let's discuss our ideas in public as legislators. Let, let's talk about it. And then the Magar Republicans just, they refuse to respond. I'm gonna stop the video after four or five seconds of the silence. So you'll get the point. But it goes on for four minutes. And Congress member Nagu, the Democratic Congress member is just like, okay, no one, no one, no one here watched this clip right here. Report it. Perhaps I'll try something a little different this time. 'cause I, I, I have, I have made repeated offers to the chairman to try to engage 'em in debate. I've, I've made good faith efforts to convince my colleagues that they should rise to the occasion and on behalf of their constituents, be willing to defend their values, defend the positions that they have taken.


But that has fallen unfortunately on deaf ears and sort of just blanket refusal on the part of my Republican colleagues to engage in any kind of debate. So what I will just do, I will give my Republican colleagues an opportunity to explain to their constituents, to their colleagues, and to the American people why they believe this amendment should not be approved by the committee. Then we have Democratic Congress member really grill into treasury Secretary Cent right here about Scott Besant's employment of this guy Marco Ez, who made all these, a doge worker who made racist posts and then Besson tries to play dumb about it.


Great cross exam skills here play this clip Statements that Mr. Ez had made in the prior year. One was, you could not pay me to marry outside my ethnicity. Another was that he wanted to normalize Indian hate. The third was just for the record, I was racist before it was cool. And another was, I just want a eugenic immigration policy. Is that too much to ask? This man resigned shortly after that article was published. But you haven't, you don't recall? No Congress, him being there, Congressman, I did not recall that individual's name. But that, that individual was terminated.


He was terminated. Okay. Well, I appreciate that. Although it appears that he then later turned up that he was rehired, I guess, and that he's continuing Not, not by treasury, sir. Okay. But he was continuing to do work for Doge, but in this instance, HHS and three other apartments. I I You have no idea. I I Didn't follow his career. Okay. Wait, you, you didn't catch JD Vance saying that he didn't think he should be terminated. Did you miss that too? I, I don't recall that. Alright. Do you recall Mr. Trump saying that he should have a second chance? I don't recall that, No. Okay.


Delete Me. Makes it easy, quick, and safe to remove your personal data online at a time when surveillance and data breaches are common enough to make everyone vulnerable. It's easier than ever to find personal information about people online, your home address, phone number, even your family members' names, just sitting out there for anyone to see. And these days we've seen how online trolls and bad actors use that information to target political voices, government workers, and everyday people just speaking out. As someone with a very online presence who has been the victim of attacks in the past, privacy is more important to me now than ever. I personally use DeleteMe and it's given me real peace of mind, knowing they're removing my personal data from hundreds of data broker websites. I could focus on my work and speaking up without constantly worrying about who's got my info. Take control of your data and keep your private life private by signing up for DeleteMe. Now at a special discount for our listeners. Get 20% off your DeleteMe plan when you go to join DeleteMe dot com slash Midas Plus and use promo code Midas at checkout. That's M-E-I-D-A-S. The only way to get 20% off is to go to join delete me.com/midas and enter code Midas at checkout. That's join delete me.com/midas. Code Midas, MEI ds.


Then we have Democratic Congresswoman Lauren Underwood from Illinois. Here's her exchange with Christie Nome. Let's play this clip right here. Do You believe that the Constitution grants everyone in our country the right to due process, including non-citizens? The administration has the authority to, Ma'am, I'm looking for a yes or no question. Yes or no? Do you believe the cons? Yes, ma'am. Do you ma'am, we have not conducted any claiming time, Mr. Chairman. Ms. Yours? Okay, secretary Noam, I'm just looking for a yes or no here. Do you believe the Constitution guarantees due process to everyone in America? Due process is exactly what this Congress Lays out. Yes or no? Ma'am. I take that as a US on due process.


I, excuse me. I'm trying, ma'am, I'm trying to ascertain your understanding of the law as it applies to your department. And you as its leader should be able to give us a yes or no answer because judge, after judge has ruled that the law is not being followed. Do you believe that the US government has the authority to deport American citizens? No. And we are not deporting US citizens. I'm so happy to hear that you do not believe that the law gives you that authority because the federal government has no authority under US laws to deport any American citizen. And as I know everyone viewing this hearing today knows that several American citizens have been deported to date. That is not true.


Secretary? No, that was not a question. Secretary Nome. That oath that we both swore before taking office was to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States. Not the President, not a political party, the Constitution. And that's what we're gonna keep doing here at the Appropriations Committee. Thank you. I yield back. Now going back to Mark Pocan, hope I'm saying his name right, democratic Congress member. Is it Pocan Democratic Congress member Mark Pocan sparring with Secretary of Treasury. Scott Bess here about Scott Bessant has what he calls the crazy Ivan Theory and he's like, oh, Trump's being crazy, Ivan. That's what, that's what this is.


It's strategic uncertainty. Crazy Ivan. And so you just don't know what crazy Ivan is going to do. And here the Democrats are like, okay, for like Americans, like regular folk, like we don't want crazy Ivan. Like we just want our paychecks and we want to be able to afford housing and we wanna be able to have healthcare and we wanna be able to raise children and we want to be able to have a family or we want to be able just to be happy. And We don we don't want crazy Ivan. We're not looking for crazy fricking Ivan. This is actually the Republican policy. They call it the crazy Ivan Theory. Un. And that Trump's crazy Ivan. They've unleashed crazy Ivan on us. You think I'm joking?


You're playing this clip right Here. So I just recently from a, one of my suppliers got the tariff surcharge on things. And in addition to the tariff surcharge, guess what else got raised? American made walnut plaques. That has nothing to do with tariffs, but companies take advantage and do that. So right now we are getting screwed right and left because of the indiscriminate use of terrorists. That's the reality for Main Street. And you go off to Beverly Hills for private investor conferences and talk about crazy Ivan theories. Answer that. What is the crazy Ivan theory of tariffs that you mentioned at the, at the the summit? Well, first of all, sir, I I've had meetings with more than 50 small lenders.


So the, I I want to clarify that. I would also say that in game theory, strategic uncertainty, of which the, you seem to like the name crazy, Ivan. Well, It's your words, correct. Didn't you use crazy Ivan at the, well You've used it five times and Ask the question, Mr. Chairman. I'm saying the strategic uncertainty is part of negotiations that should we say, oh, here's what we'll accept. Please take this. Okay, I've got your answer. Thank you. I'm gonna reclaim my time again. So for a small business, we don't have that luxury, right? When the ports are empty in California and we can't get goods and people are stocking up for Christmas goods crazy. Ivan is great for, please don't take this offense really rich people like you.


But for people like me, it's not right. That's what makes small businesses fail. That's what makes people lose their jobs. That's what makes the stock market tank. So I'll ask one more time. Who pays tariffs, Sir? The history would show that it is a complicated mix of who pays the tariffs over various times. So that's exactly the problem. If your answer and you are a very educated person, you have a very impressive bio, cannot answer the question who pays tariffs? Because you won't answer that. And you say it's a complicated issue. It's not complicated. Consumers pay trump's tariff tax. That's the reality. Yeah, The the, the crazy Ivan theory, everybody, here's the clip that I showed you at the beginning of Democratic Congresswoman Escobar grilling Christie Nome right here.


Let's play this clip. Were any of the individuals who were deported, who had us citizen children deported with them, were they given an opportunity to sign that form when these, the specific cases that you're referencing with these children, it was the parents' choice to take their children and, and did I which it is a policy, the, on the policy administration to keep families together. Did ma'am isam ma'am reclaiming my time. I told you, you at the top of this ma'am, their parents took it. Ma ma'am, reclaiming my time. I said the, the questions are really simple, yes or no? Were these, was that form used in any of those cases? Yes. I'll get back to you. You, you on that specific form? Perfect. I don't know the number. Thank that's, but I do know these mothers on the record.


The second form ma'am, reclaiming my time Interviews. Reiterate ma'am. Reiterating ma'am they wanted to keep children with ma'am reclaiming my time. I'd like you to avoid the filibuster so I can get to all my questions. Please, ma'am. Answering your questions. And then Congress member Moscowitz had this great rant. This is Epic. 10 of 10 rant right here. And he does, he does a really good job here where he goes and talks about, oh, so Trump woke up and he was watching a show about Alcatraz. So now we have to all be for Alcatraz. And then Donald Trump wants to tariff movies. This is actually, mosque should probably just be a standup committee. This is funny stuff right here at play. This Clip, I was listening to the ranking member and she brought up something about Trump, talking about Alcatraz.


And of course, look, this is just another distraction to divert attention away from the tariffs or rising prices or the struggle on Main Street. But since we're having a hearing on prisons, it's lucky timing for me. So three times more expensive than any prison to operate in 1959, Alcatraz was, okay. It needs about $250 million to shore up the infrastructure and utilities. All food and water has to be barged in sewage, has to be barged out. The facility is almost a hundred years old. And so I don't get it in the days of Doge where we're cutting budgets, we gotta find savings. Now we're gonna, what? We're gonna cut Medicaid and snap so that we can pour money into, into Alcatraz.


First of all, have you been to Alcatraz recently? It literally is a, it's a rust box walking around. You need a tetanus shot just to go into the building. I do. We still give tetanus shots or has RFK gotten rid of those? I I can't, I can't keep up. And so listen, where did the president get this idea? All of a sudden, right? Where did he get the idea? Perhaps he was watching Escape from Alcatraz, right? And I, I brought boards. 'cause some people are visual learners. Perhaps he was watching Escape from Alcatraz by, by Clint Eastwood. Actually, funny part about that, it was actually on television in South Florida. It was on PBS South Florida over the weekend when Trump was at Mar-a-Lago.


In fact, he made his announcement just hours after it aired, you know, PBS the programming that he's trying to get rid of. So just in case you're keeping up, right? It's two dolls for girls and zero Elmos. Okay? But maybe, maybe I'm wrong. Maybe it wasn't, maybe it wasn't that maybe he was watching The Rock with Sean Connery. You know, this one, this is where Sean Connery goes back to Alcatraz because he originally escaped Alcatraz and he needed like an expert on, on chemical weapons. Maybe the, the president was just netflixing and chilling, like watching, watching, watching the rock, which is not to be confused with the rock, right? That's a different, that's a different person. And then the president's really excited about these sharks, right?


He's talking about all the sharks and the person escaped. He lost his clothing. So, you know, sharks, they don't have laser beams on, they don't have laser beams, but maybe, maybe maybe the sharks are, are gonna be there. So this is just all ridiculous. But even, but then all of a sudden after, after that we, we heard like, oh, we're gonna tariff the movies. Well, hold on a second. Why would we tariff the movies? This is where the president is getting his ideas from. We can't tariff the, the policy idea making of the presidency. And look, I know what my colleagues are gonna say. They're gonna say, Jared, just let the president cook. This is 40 chess he's playing.


And, and I'm gonna say per, maybe he's just watching late night movies. Perhaps. There You have. But folks, let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get Enough Midas. Check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcast Daily Recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.