
Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms proving difficult to manage? Tremfya Guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year, many patients taking Taya achieved clinical remission, and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. Tremfya is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis, serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor If you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or If you need a vaccine, ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms, call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit trem via radio.com.


I'm ready for my life to change.


A B. C Sundays American Idol is all new. Give it your all. Good luck. Come up the golden ticket. Let's hear it. This is amazing. I've never seen anything like it. And a new chapter begins Hollywood. Carrie Underwood joins Lionel Richie, Luke Bryan and Ryan RET STA. American Idol New Sundays eight seven Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions apply. See terms and conditions at KL and Dao.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered tech scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com. Cancel any anytime terms apply.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. Oh, what advice they have my favorite brand it Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great branch? You'll Love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


We're an equal branch of government and you start off with a blather. And yet we look at the empty seats here. Where's Elon Musk? I'm sure he's a genius and is a very credible person because of the wealth he's accumulated. But that does not put him above the law or the responsibility to come before this committee in this Congress. If he's so great, if these plans and all the fraud and abuse that he is found are so eminent, why isn't he here explaining it? You know why? 'cause he is out to privatize Social Security.


He's been on television the last couple of days talking exactly about Social security, Medicare and Medicaid and what he intends to do, privatize it. The American people, some of them may have been born at night, but not last night. That's how you fight Democratic Congress member John Larson saying, where the hell is Elon Musk? Oh, wait a minute. We know why he's not here submitting to oversight by Congress. We know why you maga Republicans are refusing to do your damn job. It's because y'all want to get rid of Social security. That's what Elon Musk has been talking about as he's talked about privatizing social security or saying that the whole thing is a Ponzi scheme.


Let's highlight some Democrats fighting back like Democratic Congress member John Larson, shall we? Here's Bernie Sanders at a recent event that he held, and again, he's listening to the people, he's relating to what the people are saying and the suffering that they're experienced now being caused by the Trump regime. Let's play it. Thank you. Well, thank you all. Thank you. Thank you all. No, no, no, no, no. It is not Bernie. If there is ever a time in American history where it's not one person, but millions of people, this is that time.


Next clip I wanna share with you is Governor Tim Walls of Minnesota did a great job on this interview. I am liking this Governor Walls, and I just think he either held himself back or he was held back during the campaign. This is the guy that made me really excited when I was, when I found out that he would be picked to be the VP pick with Vice President Kamala Harris. Here's what he says. Let's play it. I hope that your, I think your viewers know this is, there's no plan behind this. Donald Trump doesn't know how anything works. Donald Trump is this caricature that had a reality TV show that pretended like he knew how to run businesses. The reality is he doesn't, as a governor, we have to make these things work.


Local school districts have to understand what are the impacts going to be when you lay off 1300 experts who are there to make sure that every one of our children get an equitable education. And so it's chaos. Now, take what I just showed you and contrast it to what MAGA Mike Johnson was saying yesterday. Maga Mike Johnson was saying, look, Elon, he's so smart. He's got the biggest platform in the world. And you know, sometimes he says things that are misunderstood and it causes big problems. I don't know, like when he got rid of people at the nuclear power plants or nuclear weapons, or when he said that he fired the people who study Ebola or watch what MAGA Mike says.


I think of it metaphorically. I get up every morning and I have this giant sort of control panel and it's got 219 dials on it and I gotta make sure everybody's, you know, okay, this one's, oh, you know, and then I got the President Trump dial, and now I ha, now I have the Elon Dial. Okay? Because Elon has the largest platform in the world, literally. And if he goes on and says something that that's misunderstood or misinterpreted about something we're doing, he can blow the whole thing up. So I spent a lot of time working with all these dials and all these folks, and I just run around all day and make sure everybody's happy. So utterly pathetic. Let's go back to Governor Walls. Here's what he goes, he goes, look, Trump's the guy who's declared bankruptcy over and over again, who declares bankruptcy more than Trump.


This is a guy who doesn't pay his bills, play this clip. And he negotiated the damn trade deal with them. If trade is so bad with Canada, he was the guy who signed the deal. This it, it defies logic. But look, I think this is how he ran business. He stiffed contractors, he stiffed workers. He doesn't pay his bills. He declares bankruptcy. The one thing is his claim that he's the business president. He is the worst possible business executive that I have ever witnessed. And I hope you know this is what we need. I need the business community to speak up the Wall Street Journal. Thank you. Thank you for saying this is the stupidest trade war. 'cause I've been saying it.


And so now I can go back to my constituents, Republican constituents and say, this is the reality of what you're facing. And boy did Montana make a massive mistake when they chose the MAGA Republican guy. She over over John Tester, who was a great senator here, the MAGA Republican senator from Tim Sheehy from Montana says, look, this is what happens sometimes with the stock market. We were on a sugar high, you know, we'll see a correction here. And no one really likes good stock markets, right? We don't like that. We like crashing markets. That's how the mags are trying to spin this. That crashing markets are good 'cause we were on a sugar high and now we need to be punished by Daddy Trump and Daddy Elon.


That's what these idiots are saying. Play this clip. We lo we all love a good stock market. But the reality is that stock market imbalance didn't necessarily benefit the smaller midsize companies and average shareholders across the country. It didn't necessarily benefit Main Street that much. So I think we are gonna see a correction there, you know, but the reality is the stock market's not the economy. The economy's not the stock market. It's not uncommon for uncertainty to cause disruptions in that as they digest a new environmental, a new economic landscape.


This episode of the Midas Touch Podcast is brought to you by Graza. And yes, it's my new favorite olive oil. It's fresh, never blended and comes from a single type of olive. The paal straight out of high end Spain. We're over half the world's olive oil is made. So what makes Graza so good? First, it's single origin, which means no mystery blends. Just pure flavorful oil you could actually trust. And the packaging game changer, squeeze and spray bottles, no drippy mess, no fussy tins, just aim, squeeze, done. They've got three types. Frizzle, the newest one for high heat frying and grilling sizzle. Your go-to everyday oil for sauteing or roasting and drizzle, a bold finishing oil you'll want to put on everything. Yes, even ice cream. Don't knock it till you try it personally, I love using Graza. It's perfect for when I'm roasting veggies, super clean, super flavorful, and way easier than my old olive oil setup. I've also been making some amazing salad dressings with the drizzle oil. It's so good, so convenient. I don't think I could ever go back to anything else. So head to Graza dot co and use code Midas to get 10% off of trio, which includes sizzle, frizzle, and drizzle, and get to cook in your next chef quality meal. That's Graza dot co. And use Midas M-E-I-D-A-S.


No wonder Donald Trump's approval is plummeting. No wonder people are pissed at these Maga maga, Republican Senator Tommy Tuberville right here. And his view of the markets crashing, people's retirements being lost, is no pain, no gain. He says no, because when he was a coach in football, no pain, no gain. You deserve to feel the pain care of the Trump regime because that's the only way you're gonna learn to be a better person when they inflict suffering on you. That's what they are saying. Play this clip And Trump's tariffs making America great again. It's a great strategy. If somebody's finally doing something out of the White House, president Trump, that is, that says you have to take an action in another country.


Yeah, no pain, no gain. That's what we used to tell our football players. There's gonna be some pain with tariffs, but tariffs got us back as the strongest economy in the world. When President Trump was in the first time, he knows what he's doing. Democrats get outta the way. Shut up. You have no answers. You didn't do anything right. In the last four years with Joe Biden, we have a game plan. Trump has a game planned along with Howard Lunik and the other people that, that are pushing the tariffs. We can turn this thing around, but folks, lemme tell you, this is our last chance. If we can't get it done now with tariffs and with putting and pulling regulations and getting people back to work and cutting our, our, our debt and cutting the amount of spending, we're not gonna have the country that we've had before.


So people need to just listen, learn from this. Understand it's short term pain. We're gonna get this turned around. President Trump knows exactly what he is doing and he has a game plan, something Democrats didn't know anything about. Now, let me share with you Democratic Congress member Nago. He came on the Midas Touch podcast. I interviewed him. Let's take a look. And he's on the rules committee and he's focuses on the subcommittee on legislation and the budget. Here's what he's gotta say, Is that there will be mass collateral damage to the absurdities of the policies that they are pursuing. And so, you know, you, I think about average working family in my district that's struggling to be able to buy a new car because car prices are soaring through the roof, interest rates are still remarkably high.


And what are they left with? They're left with, you know, the the car infomercial that the president of the United States conducted earlier today on the White House lawn, that that is their policy prescription, right? Is to engage in these reckless economic policies, the tariffs and, and the rest, unnecessary trade wars, and then ultimately offer nothing of actual consequence to the American people who are really struggling. And from my perspective, that's the most confounding part of all House Democrats are gonna remain focused. You know, as as leader, Jeffries often says, keep the main thing, the main thing, which is quality of life, cost of living, addressing core challenges that the American people face that Republicans refuse to address.


And as I said, if anything are exacerbating, I had democratic leader Hakeem Jeffries on here's what he had to say. We understand that people are anxious, scared, concerned, upset at the state of affairs as a result of the flooding of the zone and the unleashing of this extremism from the Trump administration and the failure of house Republicans or Senate Republicans to actually serve as a check and balance on an out of control executive branch. We hear you, we see you. But most importantly, we are committed to making life better for you.


We're gonna turn this national nightmare around and make sure we can bring the American dream to life for every single person in this great country. I had ro Kaa on Democratic Congress member Kana, here's what he had to say. The what gives me confidence is propaganda. Even If you have an information, asymmetry doesn't work when the reality is terrible. And what we're, what, what what what Biden had was, in many cases, a an economy that was recovering and we got hurt by propaganda. Now you actually have a terribly moving economy and people are, are hurting. And there's no amount of things that Sean Hannity can say that's gonna pay the bills.


There's no amount of things that a, that Charlie Kirk can say that's gonna pay the bills. And, and so, you know, you can't spin reality at a certain point. And that's what republicans are waking up to. And our Gen Z superstar, Adam Achler, had Democratic Senator Mark Kelly on, and here's what Senator Kelly had to say. Well, yeah, first of all, that was kind of a surprise to me. I, when I was flying in combat over Iraq, during the first Gulf War, getting shot at, on, you know, every, almost every time I went up on missions, I didn't expect that there was a 10-year-old kid, you know, sitting in South Africa who one day was gonna become the richest guy in the world and was gonna call me a traitor for doing my job.


I mean, I mean, who saw this coming? It was, it was quite the surprise. I don't take him very seriously. You know, now he kind of acts like a 12-year-old kid just, you know, hurling around insults. He supposedly has this big job in the Trump administration. He's just doing an incredible amount of damage to our institutions, to our workforce, but to the missions that this government needs to keep people safe, to keep our economy moving forward. He's doing significant damage. So I don't take the guy incredibly seriously, but at the same time, I, I do worry significantly about the damage he's doing.


Oh my God, I mentioned this one, this one more video here. I had New York Attorney General Letitia James on the Midas Touch podcast. Here's what she had to say. So the list goes on and on and on. Whenever he issues an executive order. It's the blue wall of defense, the attorneys general all across this country who respond in, in record time defending the rights of individuals, defending the rule of law, and standing up for our democracy and for our freedom. And we'll continue to do that even with their threats and even, you know, with all of their, you know, the fact that they throw everything against the wall and see what's going to stick.


You know, attorneys general, we are prepared to respond in record time. And, you know, there wouldn't be a Midas touch video if I didn't share with you Democratic Congress member Jim McGovern on the house floor speaking the truth right here. And one of the things he points out is in that bogus BS continuing resolution that the mags have tried to push through, that will be a massive gain for the billionaires and screw over people on Medicaid. Screw over veterans, screw over the Department of Education. He goes, they slipped in a clause letting them escape from ever having to debate or vote on Trump's tariffs.


They gave full authority and they'd snuck it in, in a little tiny footnote. Here, play this clip. Republicans Are really hoping, really, really hoping, I don't bring up this last part. Guess what? They tucked into this rule hoping that nobody would notice they did this after everyone went home. They slipped in a little clause letting them escape from ever having to debate or vote on Trump's tariffs. Isn't that clever? Trump's trade, trade war will result in one of the largest, If not the largest tax increase on American families ever. And this rule gives him the ability to do it without a vote in Congress. I get it. They're already hiding from their voters, running away from their own town halls, slipping out the back doors because they're afraid of being held accountable by their own actions.


But guess what, Mr. Speaker, people don't send us here to hide. They send us here to fight for them, and they send us here to vote. And Democrats are not gonna be complicit in voting to screw over America's veterans. We are not gonna be complicit in voting to screw over our senior citizens on social security. We're not gonna be complicit in taking money away from first responders. And we're sure as hell not gonna be silent when it comes to this administration's BS and their corruption. Because what we are going to do is we're gonna show up in our communities. We're gonna stand up for veterans, we're gonna speak up for people on Medicaid and social security, and we're gonna put up one hell of a fight when it comes to the middle class, to middle class families who are counting on us to fight for them.


I urge a no vote on the disgraceful rule, a no vote on the underlying legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Gentlemen, reserve. Wow. Powerful stuff. Let me know what you think. Good to see. Fight Democrats need to be fighting like this. Now Democrats need to go into those red districts and go into those purple districts where the MAGA Republicans are too scared to speak to their voters and Democrats need to speak to them. 'cause they're, they're on Medicaid. They, they have these programs that are being taken from them. They're veterans. They're on social security, their pensions and 4 0 1 Ks are being destroyed by these mags. So Democrats go out and speak to 'em.


Please hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100% USA Union made.