
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the Planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going, cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit shopify.com to upgrade your selling today.


Being a marketer's, no sweat. You just have to manage dozens of channels. Launch hundreds of campaigns, score thousands of leads, and okay, fine. It's a lot of sweat. Unless you have HubSpot's AI powered marketing tools to help you do all that and more, get started at hubspot.com/marketers.


Hey, aren't you that PBM Middleman at your service? Doctor? Don't you get rebates that save money on medicines? Oh, PBMs like me get big rebates. So why do patients tell me they're worried about their costs? No one says we have to share the savings with patients. Congress should make sure medicine savings go directly to patients, not middlemen. Visit PhRMA dot org slash middleman to learn more paid for by pharma.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it, Guaranteed or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock, save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science backed Language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babel gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee. Just start speaking another language with Babbel right now, up to 55% off your BAB subscription at Babbel dot com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


Let's go Democrats. Who's gonna lead? Who's going to take charge? We see some Democrats going on the offense and pointing out that Donald Trump and his cabinet of oligarchs who are worth over $500 billion combined plan to pick pocket the American people and exploit we the people to further enrich their oligarchy. Here is Austin Base Congress member Greg Casar, Democrat. Here's what he has to say. Watch this powerful message. The GOP campaigned and won on a propaganda fueled lie to the American people. They said over and over and over again that it was immigrants or people of color or trans people or whoever that were to blame for our economic problems.


It wasn't a trans person who denied your health insurance claim. It was a giant health insurance company that has gone unregulated by the Republican majority. It was not an asylum seeker that raised your rent. It was a Wall Street hedge funds that did just like the Wall Street hedge funds CEOs that Trump is trying to fill his cabinet up with. The truth is the GOP doesn't give a damn about working people. They just pretend to. They distract us with bigoted culture war propaganda while they pick the pockets of hardworking Americans. Our party has a tough road ahead, and I wanna make it clear, the members of the Progressive Caucus are those who are best prepared to reform the Democratic Party.


It is progressive caucus members who know how to stand up to CEOs who make more and more money while they pay their workers less and less. It is progressive caucus members who have the experience of standing up to special interest groups who spend millions of dollars to influence our elections. It is progressive caucus members who know how to stand for peace. It is progressive caucus members who stand up to bullies and fraudsters and the cheats who try to scapegoat our communities. Trump's entire campaign was built on nothing but lies, and it is progressive caucus members who are unthought and unpassed truth tellers. Look, That's the type of messaging that's needed right now. I mean, just take a look at this new Echelon Insights poll among Democrats.


Democrats should lean harder into economic populism like breaking up big corporations and preventing workers from being exploited. 70% of Democrats are saying they should do that. Frankly, it's consistent with President Biden's middle up, bottom out economy. Let me show you this as well. This is Democratic Senator Chris Murphy from Connecticut. Here's what he's gotta say. Play the clip. What Does this tell you about the, the government that is emerging in next January? I I, I think we talk a lot about the coming dictatorship, but I think what's really coming is what you would call an oligarchy.


You know, that's a term you probably lose. You forgot from high school, but what it means is that a handful of really rich people run the government and they steal from ordinary people using their access to government in order to make themselves and their families even richer. That is likely what we are heading for in the United States of America. I don't think it's a, a coincidence that Trump's cabinet is filled with billionaires. There's more wealth on that cabinet than 169 different nations. And then Senator Murphy, Democrat from Connecticut raises this point as well, that Donald Trump's administration is compromised, right?


They've taken all this money from the Middle East. You have Jared Kushner who got like $3 billion from the Saudis, UAE Qatar and others making him millions of dollars in fees every year. You've got the Trump family having their name plastered on buildings in Saudi Arabia. They're bragging about it. You've got Eric Trump bragging about his buildings that are paid for by Saudi Arabia, not his buildings, the Saudi buildings. They put the Trump name on it. Give the Trump family tens of millions or hundreds of millions of dollars. Why? To buy them off. Look, MBS the leader of Saudi Arabia previously said that Jared Kushner is in his pocket.


Here's what Senator Murphy had to say. Let's play it. Sure. Trump left office, his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, went and did a massive deal with Saudi Arabia, in which Saudi Arabia promised billions of dollars to invest in Kushner and his properties, properties that the Trump family benefits from. There is no doubt that this administration's policy towards the Middle East is going to be compromised by the fact that they are making money off of the very people that they're sitting across the table from and supposedly having a conversation about the interests of the United States. I mean, it's just extraordinary that we have allowed for the normalization of Trump's financial empire to be woven into the statecraft of this country.


All that matters is how much money he makes, how much money his family makes, and it comes at a cost to the rest of us. We'll make, we'll see really bad policy made in the Middle East because he is got unqualified people there, but more so he's going to put his wealth and his family's wealth. First, the national security of the country. Second, And look, these are the messages that need to get out. You put those messages in contrast with Indiana Senator Elect Jim Banks right here, who says, we need to reevaluate vaccines in general. This is a senator spreading vaccine disin info with RFK Jr on things like polio and measles that could result in the deaths of tens of millions, and especially children play this clip.


RFK is a, obviously a unique and diverse choice. A a long time lifelong Democrat, the one, one of the major figures in the Kennedy family. Obviously, he's, he, he has a lot of, a lot of views that, that Donald Trump appreciates and supports. But at the end of the day, Donald Trump is the president and the White House and RFK is gonna work for him. And whe whether it's putting American agriculture first or putting our kids first, this country is ready for a big debate about vaccines and a lot of these issues related to making America healthy. Again, i I support RFK 110% to be the new secretary, because I think he brings a lot to the job that's unique. He's gonna shake up these departments, but Donald Trump's in charge.


He's gonna be, he, he's the guy in the White House that's gonna be in charge, and RFK is gonna report to him. So I I, I have a lot of confidence and comfort in him being the the new secretary because, because I know who's in charge At the, the end of the day. One of thing, as Shannon Watts puts it, is America trying to find new and creative ways to kill children besides gun violence. Well, not Americans, Republicans are count on the Republicans to do that.


A large part of managing a business's finances is tedious, repetitive work to ensure accurate bookkeeping. You know what I'm talking about? Ramp helps streamline this work giving business operators like yours truly and you more time to focus on what matters The most Ramp is the corporate card and spend management software designed to help you save time and put money back in your pocket. With Ramp spend policies are built into the card so you can prevent wasteful spending before it happens. You can customize spending limits and restrictions, so employees are empowered to purchase what your business needs, and you could have the peace of mind Ram plays bad cop, so you don't have to, you'd be good cop detecting policy violations, chasing missing documentation, requesting repayment and locking cards of noncompliant employees, and get this Ram's Accounting software automatically collects receipts and categorizes your expenses in real time, so you don't have to say bye-bye to manual expense reports. You'll never have to chase down a receipt ever again, and your employees will no longer spend hours on expenses. The time you'll save each month on employee expenses will allow you to close your books eight times faster, and now get $250 when you join Ramp. Just go to Ramp dot com slash midas. That's Ramp RAMP Ramp dot com slash midas, RA p.com/midas. Cards issued by Sudden Bank member DC terms and conditions apply.


Let me just show you this as well. A group of students we're trying to interview Senator Tom Tillis of North Carolina. Just ask him some basic questions about corporate contributions he received. Watch how he treats these students with utter disrespect. Play this clip. Thank You. Ask me a question later. Will You commit to tell me who you're and where you're from? My name? I agree. So why do you think there's a nexus between that and the question you're asking To working class people, how you can find working class People?


Is that a, is that a sincere, I see your friend video in here. Is that a sincere, you, you look sincere. I I'm just a young person, but I, I can tell it in your voice, which is why I'm asking you a question. Can you just answer her question? I haven't heard the question. Can you turn off that phone? She's asking you a question you could commit to not incorporate my union collect and see, here's the problem. I went from a pathetic person here to a guy who says, you must answer the question on the, so I wanna answer the question, do you represent, how about you come this for me? If you give me your identifying information, and then I can look at your activities on social media, I promise you, I'll answer a very simple question.


Working class people got you videos or how you get paid. I'm just not that guy. No, I'm a working class person. Own. What's your job? Job? Who's work? Who do I work for? I work for Coffee Shop where I'm just asking you a simple question. Where, where in your home, you're not gonna shut me down. I'm asking you If you represent working class people or corporations because you're taking million. Gotta focus on somebody who will your bank. Yes or no? Why do you refuse? And meanwhile, what's Donald Trump doing? Well, he's posting images of people who tattoo trump's name on their arms.


Can you say cult? Donald Trump is also saying mystery drone sightings all over the country. Can this really be happening without our government knowledge? I don think so. Exclamation point. Let the public know and now otherwise shoot them down. DJT, who's gonna start shooting in the air that, is that the game plan? Or how about Donald Trump saying this? The Republican Party will use its best efforts to eliminate daylight savings time, which has a small but strong constituency, but shouldn't. Daylight savings time is inconvenient and very costly to our nation, as Aren Ruper said, did standard time donate a million bucks to Trump's inauguration?


Or what's going on here? You want to, you want to keep standard time where it gets darker earlier. Anyway, I digress. What Trump wants to keep though, and what Congress member Kazar and Senator Murphy are pointing out, which we've been talking about here at the Midas Touch Network, all along though, is this message of Donald Trump literally lives in a golden palace, in a golden Country club with golden toilet bowls. I mean, look how soft this guy is. I mean, just, this is what he was doing when people were fighting for vie and fighting in Vietnam. He claimed that he had bone spurs. Just look at him on that bed right there. He's got golden toilet bowls.


While Elon Musk and other mega billionaires in Trump's cabinet talk about taking away vaccines and taking away your healthcare, getting rid of your social security, getting rid of veteran benefits, getting rid of Medicare, making sure that people are suffering. It's a real issue. But Democrats keep going on the offense. Sharp, strong, loud messaging on the economy, please hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


This holiday season. Surprise everyone on your list with the best gifts tickets to see their favorite artists live. Choose from thousands of concerts and comedy shows, including Mariah Carey, Mary j Blige, Matt Matthews, Metallica Thomas, Rhett Trans Siberian Orchestra, Sarah Silverman, and so many more. Share a memory together or give a gift they'll never forget. Find the most exciting gift for every fan at live nation.com/gifts. That's live nation.com/gifts.