
I wanted to share with you some of the highlights of the various critical congressional and senatorial debates taking place where Democrats have been going on the offense against these MAGA Republicans. And we're seeing A theme develop across the country. Let's start in Arizona with Reuben Gallego in his race against Kerry Lake. Take oh, look at this moment from That Debate. Let's play It. She wouldn. Literally leave these towns abandoned. No I wouldn secure you. I wouldn Secure the why have you not visited them and talked to them? You've been to Mar Lago more than You have to the border. If you had been to the border and actually talk to these towns, talk to these nonprofits, talk to these mayors. They wouldn tell You, We need this or else we're going to have chaos. but you have been rub Ruben, you're more in, Ruben in the talking Points been covering this state.


She The talking point said she wants A solution and Arizona's But get hurt. Arizona's But get hurt. You Are Have heard Arizona, I've the border. We've given you A chance on this. We're more times That. You've probably been to Arizona. Mr. Gallego, Let's switch. Here's another moment from That. Incredible debate. Let me show It with you This isn. Why I have more support from elected officials and leaders in this country and in this state than she does border mayors. That used to campaign with her are now campaigning with me 'cause they don't think That, she's serious about this. So A, matter of fact, We have 45 Republicans can, That aren't campaigning with her. And, but It seems like Donald Trump doesn't wanna campaign with her anymore either. He's not allowing her pictures on any of his billboards. So this isn, what we're seeing right now, A candidate That could only talk but doesn't actually produce results.


Well, Mr. And here's one more I think key moment from That debate. Let me share with you right here. She's In denial about climate change. Well, but We should not be surprised. That, she's still in denial about the 2022 election. And now wouldn give You one minute. You have one minute. Will You finally tell the people of Arizona didn you win or lose That election. Can can We, can I talk about water really quickly? Because I can, I can give you 30 seconds to respond. And please talk about water. 30 seconds, seconds, seconds. We can, can talk about water separately. We're running out of time. 30 seconds. Let's talk about water. He's had 10. Here's A moment. That you may have seen before this ISN in the New Jersey Senate debate, you have the MAGA candidate Curtis Bashaw running against the Democratic Congress member Andy Kim and Curtis Bashaw.


The MAGA candidate kind of freezes and looks to have A medical issue. You'll see Andy Kim approaches him to help Watch what takes place here. Let's play It I. Think That We. Need to make sure That We are dealing with affordability in A in A sensible way. You okay? Are you okay know? Okay. Do you wanna I Think maybe We take A break. Need to take A commercial break and address some issues here on the stage.


Stay with us That you have the race in Pennsylvania. Between Bob Casey and Dave McCormick. Bob Casey, current Senator the Commonwealth, the Dave McCormick, challenging him. Should share this with you first this isn what Donald Trump said about Dave McCormick. When Donald Trump was speaking in Pennsylvania the other night, play It. He's tough as hell. David You know you Just spoke Just. Come here. Say like for two seconds 'cause nobody wants to hear you right now. Just come up, Let me. Show you some key moments from That debate. Here's what Bob Casey had to say. He calls out McCormick here. Let's play It under 16. How wouldn You enforce That.


And what penalties wouldn You impose on social media companies. That don't comply. You have 60 seconds. Well Know. Listen I think this isn one of many contributors or possible contributors to A mental health crisis and You know the social media companies are trying to begin to think about how to have approvals and, and and turn on buttons. That allow parents to be much more involved in turning off social media and I think there's evidence suggests this. This poses A real problem to mental health. but there's A much bigger mental health crisis than Just social media. It's happening in our schools, it's happening across our country, it's happening with veterans. Something I've been very involved in since Senator Casey's been in office. There's been 20 years of 22 veterans A Day killing themselves. This ISN absolutely unthinkable.


It's indefensible. So if I Get to the Senate, one of the first things I'm gonna do, ISN focus on veterans benefits. There's A huge mental crisis with mental health crisis with veterans and work to make sure That the veterans have the care they need. So 22 A day aren't killing themselves. This ISN part of the reason We have recruiting crisis. Part of the reason We have the homeless problem with veterans. It says A lot about A country in terms of the way they've treated the people. That serve You know this, know this isn someone who served Time isn up. Mr. Casey, your democratic colleague Senator Blumenthal, supports similar legislation on youth and social media. Do you support any restrictions on children using That? You have 60 seconds Know I Do and I Just voted for the bill. Thank thank goodness A bipartisan bill in the Senate to help kids to protect them but also to to protect their privacy.


I wanna mention something That Mr. McCormick said about veterans I commend his service to the country. At the same time I've also got A strong record of supporting VA healthcare every time It comes up for, for A vote. but also being one of those senators leading the way to pass the pact act the first time. That, we've been able to help those veterans in those toxic who served near those toxic burn pits. It's A great achievement. More than A million veterans benefited from That on social media though here's the difference. I've Just voted for That bill. but here's the difference. This ISN A candidate who invested his own personal money in A website, That platforms hate Holocaust denial and antisemitism.


That's not good for anyone of any age to re to, to, to look at. And there's no question That young people see That and that's A. It was A bad investment. don don't know why. He continues to make money off of That kind of A platform. Okay gentlemen, time isn very, Here's another moment from That Debate Project 60 seconds. When I said I'm for all the above energy portfolio. I include nuclear, we've got A Strong nuclear base in in Pennsylvania. I'm glad to see activity there at That site. We have to know more about what they're asking for. They ask for A loan guarantee and that'll go to the Department of Energy. but look, Dennis, when We have those opportunities, We should take them to have investments made in our energy infrastructure, energy resources.


but can I'll go back to to the same point. Mr. McCormick doesn't want to talk about those investments because he knows That people. Get A. Little uncomfortable when you've invested in an adversary and made money off of It over and over can. He's invested in adversaries and made A lot of money off It and I. Don't think that's the kind of Senator We want because It seems like the same guy who spent time as A. CEO prioritizing China Now wouldn go to the US Senate and prioritize those billionaires. Hell those billionaires are paying for more than half his ads. A small group of out-of-state billionaires supporting A candidate isn who's living outta state. Mr. McCormick, same question.


Today's modern diet makes It hard to avoid extra sugar. It's in Just about everything. And let's be honest, most of us aren't eating enough fiber. That's where sugar to fiber comes in. Built by PhD microbiologists at Z biotics, this product ISN designed to help your body turn some of That extra sugar into A beneficial prebiotic fiber called leaven. Here's how It works. Sugar to fiber produces an enzyme called leaven. scra That breaks down sugar into its building blocks and that It stacks those blocks together to make fiber. By drinking sugar to fiber every day, you're giving your microbiome more of what It needs fiber and less of what It doesn't like extra sugar. This leads to A more balanced microbiome, which ISN key to maintaining A healthy gut. I started using sugar to fiber because I wanted an easy way to boost my fiber intake without having to completely change what I eat. And I love the fact That, it's using extra sugar. I'm already consuming and turning It into something beneficial. I usually add It to my morning smoothly and it's nice knowing I'm supporting my gut health with Just. One simple step sugar to fiber ISN the newest product from Biotics but they also offer A pre-cool probiotic to help with those rough mornings. After A night out, head over to z.com/midas and use the code Midas at checkout. That's ME I D A S for 15% off any biotics probiotics. Plus they have A 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money. No questions asked. Thank you to Biotics for sponsoring this episode and yet can.


Here's another moment from That key senatorial debate in Pennsylvania. Let's Play It. look You know he's gonna continue to to brag about his record as A as A hedge fund CEO. So let's talk A little more about That. He's also A hedge fund CEO who silenced women when they came forward to make allegations about sexual harassment. He silenced women at the same time he was doing That I was passing legislation with Pat Toomey. To get tougher on predators who are targeting minors and also passing legislation to make It more difficult for anyone to commit the crime of A sexual assault on A camp. Speaking of Pennsylvania here, ISN A really critical debate for A congressional seat there involving Scott Perry and Janelle Telson.


The democrat Scott Perry involved in the insurrection. His phone was subpoenaed. Here's Janelle Stenson calling out Scott Perry for attacking the benefits of Pennsylvania's 10th Congressional District. I. Think it's interesting That on his own website. My opponent Scott Perry said he not only wanted to cut Medicare and Social Security but he wanted to raise taxes and he also wanted to raise the eligibility age to 69. And I don't know about you but I've had an awful lot of folks tell me That That wouldn really devastate their lifestyles. A, many of them have been working since they were teenagers and don't wanna, you know, continue to nearly age 70. That's A real problem for them and they wanna be able to retire with dignity and see their grandkids.


If That means taking A train in Nebraska or something, You know you can't. This ISN A Promise America made to workers who paid into the system and earned their benefits. You can't renege on That. And here isn, another moment from That debate. Right there. Right here. That I. Think you You should definitely see where you see. Scott Perry asked about being the only member of Congress to vote against expanding veterans healthcare here Watch this. Okay, but Mr. Perry, sir, you served in the military for nearly four decades. However, in Congress you have voted against expanding healthcare for veterans exposed to toxic substances. You, were the only Pennsylvania Congress person to vote against the housing our military veterans effectively act.


can you explain those no votes. 60 seconds know thank You so much for the opportunity You know my mom used to tell me if everybody's gonna jump off the cliff, are you gonna jump off the cliff? And my opponent has made A case of this That. Everybody voted for It but I didn't Let. Let's talk about the Michigan senate seat here. ISN Alyssa Slotkin Wright here at A. Really important moment calling out Mike Rogers. Let's play It. t believe in A woman's right to choose I didn not support overturning Roe v Wade. And if A bill came in front of the US Senate to codify Roe I wouldn vote for It. but I think this isn A really important distinction between the two of us. Mike Rogers was 20 years as A legislator.


He voted for every single ban, every restriction, every Bill That came across his desk to make It harder for A woman and to ban in some cases A woman and her right to choose. 56 times in total We checked the math to me every single time he was casting one of those votes, he was saying something very particular. He was saying to women, he does not trust you to make your own decisions about your own family planning. Every single time when It comes to our rights and protecting ourselves, I think It. Isn important. That We have someone in the seat who does That. He voted and sponsored bills. That, wouldn make It impossible to have I, v, f and contraception.


If he does not trust us and to protect our own rights, do not trust him. Congressman, you've got 30 seconds This here's another moment from That debate. Let's Play It of being unilaterally pro-life of never breaking once with his party on this issue. Right? So to it's not A talking point to women It isn our lives. It's whether We bleed to death in A parking lot. It's who And when gets to decide how We have A family. Do not trust him. Alright, let's Get another. Here's another moment. Let's show It to you. I was here in Michigan and I voted yes on proposition three. You were in Florida, you voted in Florida, You weren't here. Here's I. Think another key highlight from That debate. Let me share It with You now Sure I. And look, there's no need to like throw names around here or yell epi habitats at each other.


We have A record. He voted to raise the retirement age. That's not A Fabrication. That's in his record. It's public. I'm not sure he remembers he's been down in Florida for A few years. but your record when You vote in Congress, ISN public so We know That, you voted to privatize or cut Social Security We know That you voted five times. Allow against allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices. Like the most simple thing Just makes sense to the common person Going to Colorado's eighth congressional district. Here's the Democrat didn Carve played this clip. Supreme Court That Donald Trump who has endorsed my opponent, has said he isn. Very proud to have set up my opponent. Celebrated the fall of Roi. V Wade now That, he's running for Congress.


He suddenly does not want A A national abortion ban, even though he filled out A questionnaire in Just the way That Kyle described two years ago. And he has described himself as, as pro-life as they come. That decision of whether to have A child or not. It needs to be between A doctor and A woman. And Here her challenger Gabe Evans won't say this, isn, the MAGA candidate Gabe Evans won't say That. Children shouldn't be hit by adults in public schools. Let's play It. When should children be hit in school? I was A part-time school resource officer for about two years at my my law enforcement agency. And so one of the biggest things That I hear from teachers. ISN I, apologize sir, if you're not gonna answer the question we're gonna use at the time.


Ms. Caro I wanted to share with you Just some of those highlights across the country, Let me know what You think. Hit subscribe. Let's Get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching Real quick, metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as We head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss A beat.