
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The new year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration Specialists will fix it, guaranteed, or your money back resolve. To make identity, health, and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


If You've had that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babbel is the Science-Backed Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your BAB subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B A BBL com slash spotify. Podcast. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Super Bowl 59 1 Game, two teams, endless possibilities. And there's no better way to make every play more exciting than with FanDuel Sportsbook. Whether you're predicting the first touchdown, cool, take home the MVP trophy or the coin toss. FanDuel makes it easy to place your bets and feel the thrill of every moment. With live betting all game long, you can jump into the action, adjust your bets, and ride the wave of excitement from kickoff to the final whistle. Plus, to make the Super Bowl even sweeter, new customers can score 200 bucks. When you make your first bet, just place a $5 bet and If you win, you'll get 200 in bonus bets. Download the app or head to fanduel.com/bet. Big and bet with FanDuel official partner of Super Bowl 59 Must be 21 plus and present in select states for Kansas. An affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit fanduel.com/rg. Call 1 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut, or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 support in Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope NY in New York.


So Donald Trump in Elon Musk just offered a fake buyout to all federal employees saying that if they resigned before February 6th, they're going to get paid all of their salary through September of 2025. Well, Congress hasn't appropriated that money. There's no authority to do it, and it's likely another bait and switch by Donald Trump, which he did to stiff contractors his entire career. That's just what Donald Trump does. Democrats are forcefully calling Donald Trump and Elon Musk out for this scam.


You have the Democratic Oversight Committee saying the following, there's a fork in the road. All right, and Trump Musk in their project 2025 cronies are going down the wrong path. Again, read Jerry Connolly's statement on the Trump administration's latest attempt to push our experts, federal workers and others out and replace them with political hacks. This is Jerry Connolly's statement from the oversight committee. Donald Trump is trying every trick he and his project 2025 cronies can think of to circumvent established civil service protections so they can purge the civil service of experts and replace them with political loyalists.


The victims here, as is always the case with Donald Trump, are the American people who will see government services and benefits allocated, not by nonpartisan civil services servants, but by partisan hacks. But more over Donald Trump is also, I think, trying to con and fraud the federal workers. You sign your resignation, you think you're gonna get the money from Donald Trump and Elon Musk, or do you think you're gonna get the all bait and switch? Democratic Senator Tim Kane gave a powerful speech earlier where he said the buyout idea is another Trump scam quote. He's tricked hundreds of people with that offer.


If you accept the offer and resign, he'll stiff you, just like he stiffed other contractors. Folks, If you have friends, family or you, or you know people who work at the federal government, make sure they know that this is likely yet another Trump and Musk scam. Don't be fooled. Here is Senator Tim Cain on the Senate floor making this impassioned case. Let's play it. And they received an email that said from the administration, If you tender your resignation by next Friday, We will guarantee you payment through the end of September.


Whether or not you show up for work. So tender your resignation, and then boy, it's just gonna be a gravy train. You're just gonna get paid for seven months without working. The president has no authority to make that offer. There's no budget line item to pay people who are not showing up for work. This is a guy who made this promise to contractors again and again and again when he was a private business guy. Oh, come work for me on my casino. Come work for me in a hotel. We're gonna do a handshake, we're gonna do a contract. The contractor does the work and then finds out they get stiffed.


So my message to federal employees who receive this is, yeah, the president has tried to terrorize you for about a week and then gives you a little sweetheart offer. If you resign in the next week, we're just gonna pay you for doing nothing for the next seven months. Don't be fooled Here. Democratic Congresswoman, Jasmine Crockett, he, she goes, Trump is offering a fake buyout to federal workers with no guarantee he won't screw them the minute they accept and then replace them with unqualified, inexperienced loyalists the second they leave. This is straight from the pages of Project 2025.


Wanna share this with you? 'cause Democrats going on the offense and calling Donald Trump out. Here's Governor Tim Walls, this is his interview he gave recently on M-S-N-B-C. He's what he had to say about the Trump oligarch play this clip. Those folks are, are in there and they're making, you know, they put out tweets from the president's fail son, who threatens people like, we're coming for you. You think this is bad? Or whatever. So I would tell people, stay focused. Don't take the bait on the distractions. Surround yourself with people who understand this and recognize the things they went after. Today are basically a big chunk of what society does and people like to have clean water and hospitals and safety and roads and airports, all the things they're going after.


And, and you summed it up, this is, there's societies that function like this where the rich and the oligarchs do everything. And there's some fabulously wealthy people who are basically not basically are above the law and the rest of us are here. You Know, when I watch that clip, I get a little frustrated because that's the governor walls that vice President Kamala Harris picked and, and he seemed to be holding back or the advisors were holding him back during the campaign. He came out so strong he was calling Trump and JD Vance. Weird. And then I guess they were saying, don't say that I, I thought that was powerful as could be. Speaking of powerful as could be, democratic Congress member Dan Goldman here, he talks about how Donald Trump and MAGA Republicans are basically allowing Trump to impound all of legislatively prescribed funds that are out there going to all of these people who need it.


All of these federal programs, Trump is not allowing to reach its final recipients. People who rely on this for, for life or death matters here, watch this. $3 trillion are Distributed through these federal programs. And the a policy difference under the law is not a good, a good reason. It's not a sufficient reason to stop payment of federal funds. So just 'cause Donald Trump doesn't like it does not give him license under the law. As Caroline Levitt said, there's of course no reference to what law, but it is flatly illegal. Congressman Dan, and here's Democratic Congressman Dan Goldman. Again. What Really happened here, Anderson, is that they planned to stop all funding and that there was enough of an outrage that they released supplemental guidance today trying to roll this back.


But what was clear is they shut down all of the money right away. And that was their plan. And what I either, they didn't realize because of ignorance or perhaps cruelty was the point of it, is that it would have a tremendous impact on hundreds of millions of Americans.


Muscles are vital for movement and play a key role in supporting the vascular system. The calves often called the second heart, help pump blood against gravity, aiding circulation throughout the body. By using a standing desk and incorporating movement accessories, you are more likely to engage these muscles, promoting improved blood flow and overall health. If you work in front of a desk like I do, you've probably experienced the frustration of sitting for long periods. I seriously thought this would be a lasting problem until I discovered this episode. Sponsor Uplift Desk. Uplift Desk is at the forefront of ergonomic solutions, promoting better posture and health through adjustable standing desks designed to help you live a healthier lifestyle. Plus they offer amazing accessories to keep you moving throughout the day. My personal favorite, the Under the desk treadmill, which I have right here. It's a game changer for staying active while I work. Standing while I work, gives me more room to move, which gets my creative juices flowing and helps me stay productive. I'm more focused and I'm more alert, and I've noticed I have so much more energy throughout the day. The best part, Uplift Desk lets you customize your desk with more than 200,000 configurations to suit your style and needs. Their desk configurator helps you build a complete workstation, including storage, seating, and even wire management. Make this year yours by going to Uplift Desk dot com slash midas and using our code Midas, that's M-E-I-D-A-S to get four free accessories free, same day shipping, free returns and industry leading 15 year warranty, covering your entire desk and an extra discount off your entire order. That's U-P-L-I-F-T-D-E-S k.com/m E-I-D-A-S for a special offer only available at our link. Start 2025. Right, stand, move, thrive with Uplift Desk.


I think Senator Tim Kane makes a great point here as well in M-S-N-B-C where he says, look, If you want to make cuts to the budget, then pass a law. You control the house, you control the Senate. Don't do it unlawfully via impoundment. If you wanna do this, go through the process. That's what laws are for. Laws are on the books that allow, that require that mandate. These funds, these government funds go to their destination. You can't just be like, no, that's called being a dictator on day one. Here's what Tim Cain has to say, play this clip.


Really wanna focus on this last thing. What the president is doing is not only illegal, it's not only chaotic and damaging to Virginians, it's betraying a deep insecurity. And let me explain why. As you know, we're working on a budget deal Right now. The Republicans kicked the budget to March 14. The president has two Republican houses. If he wants to cut the budget, he's got majorities in both houses. He could just work with them to do it the lawful way, reach a budget that matches the Trump priorities over the course of the next six weeks. The fact that he's not doing that, that he is using this illegal unilateral executive strategy, means he doesn't have confidence that the Republican leadership in both houses will go along with the extremity of the actions that he's taking.


That should tell us something. But If you wanna know what they're talking about on Fox, the WMD, the weapon of mass distraction, what are they trying to do here? Know their playbook folks. They're talking about, oh, Trump's gonna do an Iron Dome in case Russia nukes us Iron Dome. Oh, I thought Donald Trump had great relations with Putin. I thought him and Putin were buddies in that the war in Ukraine was gonna end on day one. I thought Trump, Trump promised US peace in 24 hours after the election. Oh, that failed 24 hours after the inauguration that failed. And now you're saying that we need an iron dome to protect against nuclear weapons in the United States from Putin.


Who's Trump's buddy? What in the world are y'all talking about? You can't even get your WMDs, your weapons of mass distraction consistent at all. And now your WMDs are actual WMDs weapons of mass destruction. You, you're running that playbook Right now. That's the playbook you're running to try to distract us. Isn't it so obvious folks? So Pathetic. If you talk to most Americans, they probably think we do have a missile system, same as what you see in Israel. But the truth is we don't, which makes us highly vulnerable because if we do get attacked by ballistic missiles or hypersonic missiles, or God forbid, even nuclear, it's probably not gonna be shot all the way from Russia.


It's probably not gonna be shot all the way from North Korea or from China. It's gonna be shot in international waters just off our shores, which isn't gonna give us a whole lot of time, time to respond. And when you start dealing with hypersonic missiles, it doesn't have a projected pattern like a ballistic missile does, where a ballistic missile has an arc that goes up and you intercept it. When you're dealing with hypersonic missiles, you've gotta intercept quick because of the fact that it's moving quick and it's moving at a unpredicted location. So it the I. Anyway, Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. We're almost there and we're getting there quick. Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast Right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.