
You did say, I think homosexual activity is a sin. Yes. I'm a religious you. That's true. I'm sure there's a genetic component. You found me out orientation. But the view of all religious people I know has always been that sexual behavior is something that is up to you. And you said, I may have a desire to sleep with many women, but I do not. I agree with me. Yes, that's true. Congratulations on your, yeah, I'm sure it's very hard to restrain yourself. That was Democratic Congress member Eric Swalwell questioning one of the Republicans witnesses, Ben Shapiro is who they called Magar Republicans noticed two separate hearings today. Democrats took control over both of them, pushing back with Congress members like Swalwell, Jasmine Crockett, and others tearing into these MAGA Republicans.


So the two hearings that were held today, one was a hearing called Collusion in the Global Alliance of Responsible Media. That was in the Judiciary Committee, and that's where you saw Congress member Eric Swalwell. The other hearing was oversight of the US Environmental Protection Agency, where Magar Republicans want to gut the EPA and think that the Supreme Court's recent order regarding agency decision making is a carte blanche authority to just stop any regulations to help our environment. Let me show you here. Democratic Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett going on the offense, play the clip. We Look at where this money is going from this administration rep Jordan's district got 500,000.


The chair's district got about 1.6 million in EPA Grants Rep Green's district got 500,000 rep. Lunas district got 300,000 and rep Perry's district got a million dollars. So for Republicans that may feel a way about EPA and it allegedly pushing a woke agenda. I just wanna know, can we get the money back? I'll yield Chair. Next up we have MAGA Republican congress member James Comer talking about how he likes to eat McDonald's. Play the clip board. Chairman, forgive me, do you know what the cost of 10 piece Chicken McNuggets is today? Well, I I buy a lot of chicken nugget meals number. It's under $5. It's $4 and 49 cents at the closest one you can get here.


Just, I mean, and impossible nuggets are even less Than, so, so there's no inflation at McDonald's with trashcan. I and I, I, I would say I spend more money at McDonald's than any person in Congress. And I'll stand by that. I'll, I'll testify under oath. Well, my three kids, I, Well, we certainly don't mean to bankrupt you with our environmental regulations when you go to McDonald's, but, And By the way, one of the things that these MAGA republicans don't tell you when they go, well, you know, look, the, the cost of chicken McNuggets are up or use any other type of food product. You know what's also up record profits at these businesses. Just take a look at McDonald's record profits By the way McDonald's gross profit for the 12 months ending March 31st, 2024 was $14.6 billion.


A 9% increase year over year. It's not revenue. That's gross profit and By. the way the CEO of McDonald's, Chris Kaki received a pay package just over $20 million By the way, and then the CFO made $10 million. The president of McDonald's International made 8.3 and the USA president made $7.45 million. You could go down and see the rest of the executives crushing it and making massive, massive amounts of money as well. Here By, the way we have Lauren Bobert walking into a fact check by Democratic Congress member Dan Goldman, watch this.


I'm asking about the EPA and I'm asking about your rogue bureaucrats that have enacted these unconstitutional reg regulations. Are you going to repeal them? Are you going to continue to implement them or are you going to stop altogether since it's been overturned? Do you understand the ruling? Do, do you understand the ruling of the Supreme Court? I do. And so your question is, is Ill form No, will you re we're not repealing we're not gonna stop. You're, So you're going to unconstitutionally continue With these, we're going to rule makings. We're gonna adhere to the Supreme Court and continue to do our So which, which Rulemakings are you going to roll back? We're going to adhere to the Supreme Court and continue to do our work in accordance to the Supreme Court.


The Supreme Court made. So which ones are you going to repeal? The Supreme Court didn't tell us to repeal anything. They, They have been deemed unconstitutional. No, Absolutely they have. This was a huge victory. No, Mr. Regan, I don't wanna spend too much time on this, but I would just like to clarify a few things for my colleague from Colorado. The Loper Bright ruling, as you know, said that the courts should not defer to agency rulemaking if a statute is ambiguous. And instead the courts get to determine whether or not what the statute means.


Is that your understanding as well? Absolutely. Okay. So that would not require any regulations to be reversed or overturned. Correct. Correct. You know, as I watch that, I think about the saying better to remain silent than open up your mouth and remove all doubt and be thought of as a fool.


Here's something we all know, cheap razors are annoying. They cut you, they irritate you, and heck they frustrate you. And don't get me started with subscription razor services. Can you say blah? That's why you gotta meet Henson Shaving. Henson Shaving is a family owned aerospace parts manufacturer that has made parts for the ISS, that's the International Space Station folks in Mars Rover, and now they are bringing precision engineering to your shaving experience. If you're like 88% of men who experience irritation from shaving, you might be expecting the worst with each shave. Yet Henson users have seen dramatic improvements, including the disappearance of ingrown hairs and razor bumps. Henson shavings innovation comes from an interesting analogy. Think of razor blades as diving boards. The longer the board, the more it wobbles. The micro wobbles are what lead to more nicks and cuts. Henson solves this by minimizing blade extension, addressing the root cause of bad shaves, not the blade itself, but the extension Henson's Aerospace background has enabled the creation of razors with unmatched precision. Using aerospace grade C and C machines, they achieve a blade extension of just 0.0013 inches less than a human hair thickness. This incredibly precise control over the blades position ensures a vibration free and incredibly close shave The Henson Razor works with standard dual-edged blades to give you that old school shave with the benefits of new school tech. Once you own a Henson razor, it's only about three to $5 per year to replace the blades. Look, my first shave with the Henson Razor was incredibly refreshing. The design is sleek and the durability is exactly what you want and the affordability factor, you simply can't beat it. I'm ready for my next shave right now. It's time to say no to subscriptions and yes to a razor that'll last you a lifetime. Visit henson shaving.com/midas to pick up the razor for you and use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S and you'll get two years worth of blades free with your razor. Just make sure you add them to your cart. That's 100 free blades when you head to H-E-N-S-O-N-S-H-A-V-I-N g.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. And use the code Midas, that's hench shaving.com/midas and use the code Midas


By. the way here is Lauren Bobert. One more time here saying to the EPA administrator, again, false facts and you'll see how the EPA administrator deals with it play the clip victory. And you know, I mean, even in our appropriations bill in the house this year, the funding has been reduced by 20%. I would argue that it needs to be reduced by 100%. Next up, democratic Congress member Robert Garcia, take a look at him. Play this clip, But I also wanna look at an alternative plan for your agency. Now this is project 2025, which is Donald Trump's anti-environmental agenda. And I want to just note some of the main features of Project 2025.


It includes shredding pollution regulations, gutting clean energy programs, repealing the Inflation Reduction Act, president Biden's Climate Law, which we know is, is landmark and of course empowering corporate polluters. Now we know that Donald Trump's project 2025 destroys the EPA. He'll let corporations dump more toxins into our air and water like he did the last time he was president. We know that he will empower corporate polluters and fill the EPA with handpicked extremists rather than actual climate experts and who will destroy the progress that President Biden has fought for. Now he's promising to repeal the inflation reduction Act. And let's be clear, repealing the bill doesn't just mean reversing the historic progress that we have made.


It means threatening jobs and businesses all over the country. Over a thousand projects already are underway, deploying hydrogen, hydropower, wind batteries, solar energy, which will all make us more green and independent and really leading us to a greener future that's also hundreds of thousands of jobs. And we know why he's pushing this dangerous agenda. Donald Trump met with big oil executives to promise to carry out their policy agenda in exchange for $1 billion in campaign contributions, which oversight Democrats are actually investigating. And if that wasn't enough, he promised he would pay back his big oil donors with tax cuts for the rich. And as we know, worst of all, his agenda will be enabled by an extremist supreme court that Donald Trump himself appointed.


And Lauren Bobert apparently doesn't even know what the EPA is. Let's play this clip. Is it true that the EPA has never obtained formal authorization legislation from Congress? I'm sorry. Is it true that the EPA has never obtained formal legislation, authorization legislation from Congress? It's never been authorized by congress. EPA is not authorized by Congress. I'm asking you, I thought EPA was authorized by Congress. Well, The EPA is not the a p, the EPA has never been formally authorized by congress. An EPA administrator, Reagan is no fan of Lauren Bert's grandstanding.


Watch this. It's just shocking. You spend so much time with our regional staff and regional administration and region aid and have such productive conversations about how we're doing things for your district and your state. And then you take this microphone and You pretend I've also seen the coal plans that have been decommissioned in my state. Hundred percent. We should not Exist. I've seen the energy regulations, it's that have regulated my district into poverty. You're Spending time, my state, so sure. In your district. Of course I am. I have oversight over your staff compli and I want them to answer, compliment, Answer, Compliment you. I want them to provide a service for the American people, complimenting them partnership. But there are so much, yes, there are some things that have been done well, but not everything. But we can be a hundred percent Removed when we have $617 billion per year in rulemaking.


That that is absolutely absurd when you are taking our affordable clean energy and regulating it out of existence and killing these good paying jobs in my district. Yes, I have a problem with that. Sure. Yeah. My time has expired And I yield Then you have the Republican congresswoman from Michigan, Lisa McLean, just not reading what the actual EPA says, but just putting out these fox talking points that are just complete lies. So the EPA administrator has to explain, there is no 70% EV mandate that exists. Our policy and program was rolled out with the support of unions and the workers.


Like read the actual regulations and read what we're actually saying before you just parrot Fox talking points. Watch this Very quickly. There are a combination of technologies that can meet an environmental standard and, and the regulation suggests that up to 60% could be met with env, with EVs, but that rule could also be met with plugin hybrids hybrid. Okay. So we are not, there is not a mandate that 70% of of vehicles need to be no EV mandated by 23rd, 30. No. Okay. Alright. That is great. I I I am really gonna be excited to go back and talk to our people in the great state of Michigan talking about the EV mandates that there really are no EV mandates.


So we really, the auto industry doesn't need that. We shouldn't be giving incentives then because there's no mandate. Well, and I don't think the auto industry or the UAW would've stood with me when we announced the rule if it was a mandate. So I clearly, So there's no, I am excited to hear about this because Next up we have a OC play, this clip, This isn't just economic prosperity. There are people and organizations and companies responsible for this. DuPont and 3M are two of the largest corporations that were responsible for PFAS dumping in the United States. Is that correct? Yes. The day they know that these chemicals were potentially toxic.


Is that correct? We believe they did. And we yet, there are members here of this committee that want to defend the quote unquote economic right for a company to poison its people, the American people. Now, when we talk about economic prosperity, if you're a kid in the South Bronx, if you are a mom in rural Pennsylvania, near A-P-F-A-S dumping site, who comes ahead when you get cancer and have a medical bill to pay? Who comes out ahead from, from that PFAS dumping the CEO of DuPont or that mom?


So when we talk about the bills and the prosperity that gets made from here and who has to pay that, we need to understand a very simple economic concept called externalities. Externalities, the costs of pollution, the cost of poisoning that are not factored into the profit margin of the corporation. That's actually wreaking havoc on this planet. And when we talk about issues like climate change, it is at its core an issue of externalities because ExxonMobil and all of these oil companies can afford to burn this planet to a crisp because it makes 'em a pile of money.


Then we have maga, republican congress member, clay Higgins going after the EPA administrator Reagan, and then kind of creepily saying, what are your plans next year? Play this clip. Objection ordered. Mr. Reagan, do you have plans for next year, sir? You have plans for next year? I have plans for every year. What's your plans for next year? Well, my plans are personal and I don't Well, I'm asking you. I Don't know professionally. Well, I You have plans to m continue. I'm not obligated your battle. I'm not that you, that you're carrying that, that torch for With, with you just assaulting me and saying I'm un-American. Now You wanna know, you think this was An assault? Now you wanna know what my planes, We definitely living in two different worlds.


Oh yeah. We are in two different worlds. Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman, I Appreciate, Have an inquiry. This Mr. Chairman, chairman Bean Convened. Mr. Chairman, I have an inquiry J gentleman from Maryland. Mr. Fume, I'm Gonna rec reclaim My, I I have an inquiry and, and you have, you have time left. Mr. Higgins, Mr. Fume. I have an inquiry of the chair. Mr. Chairman, we disagree on a lot of issues in this committee a lot of times, but we always ought to look and put a stop sign in front of ourselves when we start assailing by name. The personal integrity of any witness. I mentioned this a few weeks ago with Mr. Fauci. It continues to happen. I wanna make sure I'm on the record so that members of the committee on both sides of the aisle will at least respect the personal integrity of a witness before this committee.


The chair recognizes Mr. Higgins for his final few seconds. This is the oversight committee. This is where government is forced to sit in front of Congress and be held accountable for their actions. Mr. Chairman isn't the gentleman's time up personal Integrity? That's Not Mr. Chairman. It's the chairman ideal. It's not the McCarthy era gentlemen. It's not the McCarthy committee. Order Chair now recognizes Ms. Norton from Washington DC And then finally we have MAGA Republican, Jim Jordan acting as like an agent for Ben Shapiro and apparently calling these advertising companies to testify so that he can help Ben Shapiro get more advertisers here.


Play this clip just a Little bit, I guess outta 850. Okay. Do you advertise on Fox, Breitbart or the Daily Wire? Just to be clear again, we have a, A, a partnership with Fox at this total level. What does that mean? So Fox is one of our Strategic partners for sports and everything else. Okay. Do you advertise on Fox News? No, sir. Not, not on Fox News. Okay. And and do you advertise in Breitbart? No, sir. And do you advertise on the Daily Wire? No, sir. Mr. Jules, same questions. Do you advertise on Fox News? Breitbart, the Daily Wire, not Fox Sports. We have a large partnership with Fox News. You do? Okay. Some of your, so, so some of your people do some of the, some of the clients you represent advertise there?


Absolutely. Okay. And we have an ongoing dialogue with Murdochs and Fox on a regular basis. What About Bright Barton Daily Wire? They have not reached out to us directly to have a conversation. Okay. But you'd welcome that Mr. Shapiro wanted to reach out to you and of course you'd welcome that. Okay. That's good to know because the guy who you just fired, it sounds like Mr. Montgomery said that they should be blocking Fox blocking the daily wire and blocking Breitbart. But now you wanna reach out to him. That's good. Okay. We're open to having dialogues with anybody. Again, GM doesn't decide where the money spends. We don't decide where the money sends. Our clients decide it's their budgets. They decide if that can help grow their audience. Okay, great. Very, very bizarre.


But just wanted to showcase everything going down. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.