
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going. Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Be honest, when's the last time you had a homemade meal? We get it between meetings, workout classes, and the kids after school sports. Who's got time to cook? That's where HelloFresh comes in. No matter how busy you get, HelloFresh has everything you need to get an easy Homecooked meal on the table with flavor packed recipes like Parmesan, herb crusted salmon. You'll be filling your kitchen with the cozy aromas of a homemade meal in no time. So go ahead, try HelloFresh. It's homemade made easy. Learn more@hellofresh.com.


We Are learning about a disastrous phone call that took place recently between Donald Trump and met Frederickson, the prime minister of Denmark. Donald Trump reemphasized that he wanted to conquer Greenland, which is part of the Kingdom of Denmark. He said he was serious handed over right now, to which the Prime Minister of Denmark said, no, it belongs to us. To which Donald Trump said, we'll see about that. Multiple people who were familiar with this phone call said it was an utter disaster that Donald Trump was rude, that he was yelling, that he was trying to bully the Prime Minister of Denmark, that she stood her ground. But anybody who was on that phone call that thought, oh, this is some negotiation ploy by Donald Trump, they left that call saying, no.


Donald Trump intends to try to use military force against Denmark and Denmark and the European Union need to now prepare their military to try to counter whatever the hell Donald Trump thinks he's going to do this. As Donald Trump has continued to reiterate that he wants to annex Canada, turn it into the 51st state, or else he will impose severe punishment on Canada, Donald Trump has turned the entire world in just one quick week against the United States of America. America finds itself literally right now with zero friends. If you take a look at the World Health Organization map showing all of the nations that are part of the WHO, you'll see that the United States is the only nation.


Maybe there's two others, Iran and one other that are not part of the World Health Organization. And that basically sums up where America is in the world right now alone detested, despise as the entire world stands in unity in different alliances against the United States. Whether you have a Russian China alliance against the us, whether you now have Canada, European Union, and other countries against the United States, whether you have South American unity against the United States, Latino immunity against the United States, what a disaster this is. Let's just take a look at this article. This one's for examples from the Financial Times.


Donald Trump in fiery call with Denmark's Prime Minister over Greenland US President insists he wants to take over the Arctic island. It said that Donald Trump insisted that this was serious. He wants to conquer Greenland. He had this phone call with Denmark's Prime Minister met Fred Rickson. She's the Danish premier for the call. Lasted about 45 minutes. The White House has not commented on the call, but other people who were familiar with the call have described what went down. Donald Trump said, I want it. She goes, okay, it's not for sale. And said, we understand that that's what you're interested in, but we're not giving it to you.


It belongs to us. It's it's it's part of our Kingdom five current and former senior European officials who have been briefed on the call said, the conversation went awfully. They added that Trump had been aggressive, confrontational, and just outright rude following the Danish Prime minister's comments that the island was not for sale despite her offer of more cooperation on military bases and mineral exploitation. So the Prime Minister met Frederick since she was trying to be nice. He said, look, we're always down to improve our alliances and to strengthen our relationships. But this is how people described.


It went after she said that quote, it was horrendous. Said one of the people another and another added, he was very firm. It was a cold shower before it was hard to take it seriously, but I do think it's serious. I do think he is serious and potentially very dangerous. The details of the call are likely to deepen European concerns that Trump's return to power will strain Transatlantic ties more than ever as the US President heaps pressure on allies to give up territory. I mean, do you realize even as I read that sentence as he heaps pressure on allies to give up territory, who the hell does he think he is?


This fricking treasonous? Ugh. I mean, as I talk about it, Trump has asserted in his second term musing about potentially TA taking over Greenland, Panama and Canada. Great job. Everybody in America who voted for this guy, you got your own. Vladimir Putin, who is absolutely despised and hated by the world. And by the way, we now have zero allies in the United States of America in one quick week, as as our neighbors up north and Canada said, it feels like we're living above a meth lab, is what they've told me many European officials had hoped his comments about seeking control of Greenland for national security reasons was a negotiating ploy to gain more influence over the NATO territory.


Russia and China are both jostling for position in the Arctic, but the call with Frederickson had crushed hopes deepening the foreign policy crisis between NATO allies. Quote, the intent was very clear. They want it. The Danes are now in crisis mode. Said one person briefed on the call, another said the Danes are utterly freaked out by this. A former Danis official said quote, it was a very tough conversation. He threatened specific measures against Denmark, such as targeted tariffs. The Danish Prime Minister's office said it did not recognize the interpretation of the conversation given by anonymous sources. Greenland home to just 57,000 people is an entry point to new shipping routes gradually opening up through the Arctic.


It also boasts abundant but hard to access minerals. Why are these ship routes now opening up around the Arctic? I don't know, maybe because of something called global warming as well. Then it goes and says that Trump as demanding that he conquers it. He's threatening to take it over. Now, I wanna share this with you. You've seen this clip, but it's I think, appropriate in this context right now. Here's how the people of Denmark are feeling. This is Anders Vian, a Danish member of the European Parliament, offering this blunt message to Donald Trump about his obsession to take over Greenland. Let's play it. Dear President Trump, listen very carefully.


Greenland have been part of the Danish Kingdom for 800 years. It's an integrated part of our country. It is not for sale. Let me put it in words. You might understand Mr. Trump, fuck off


New Year, new gutters because if I'm investing in one thing this year, it's protecting what matters most to my family, which is our new home. And so whether you are tired of unclogging gutters, or don't even know what your gutters look like, that's me. The latter. It's time for you to find a permanent solution that you can depend on with LeafFilter. LeafFilter is a hassle-free way to protect your home all year long. You just schedule a free inspection at LeafFilter dot com slash midas, L-E-A-F-F-I-L-T-E r.com/midas. Look, I am a low maintenance kind of homeowner. My skillset is I can make these videos. I'm a professor at a law school, but when it comes to cleaning those gutters, I need professional help. And I know those claw gutters are more than just a nuisance to me. They cause extensive water damage and I need to protect my home against flooding, roof damage, rotting siding, foundation issues and more. And I just don't know what in the world I'm doing. So every installation from LeafFilter, it comes with a lifetime no clog guarantee. It uses award-winning patented technology. So just do it. Look, call today, schedule your free gutter inspection like I did. Get a no obligation free estimate. A LeafFilter trusted Pro will clean out, realign and seal your gutters before installing LeafFilter. Over 1 million homeowners, including me, have trusted LeafFilter. So protect your home and never clean out gutters again with LeafFilter America's number one gutter protection system. Schedule your free inspection and get up to 30% off, 30% off your entire purchase at LeafFilter dot com slash midas. That's a free inspection and up to 30% off at LEAF filter.com/midas c representative for warranty details.


And there was this moment where Fox visited Greenland and was shocked to discover that contrary to what they were told by Trump, most people on the island don't want to become part of the United States. Let's play it In the hot topic here has been President-elect Trump's comments about buying this Danish territory. Take a listen A lot about Trump and also their opinion about Trump. I hate it. Don't talk. And basically, I don't know what's his, I don't know what he's aiming at My, me personally. I want to stick with Danish. Go government. Well, most of the people that we talked with said that they did not support Trump's comments and found them offensive.


But the MAGA Republicans in the House of Representatives and the Senate continued to say that this is our manifest destiny. America. We are predators is what they say. I'm not making this up. This is for example, Andy Ogles, MAGA Republican. He's the one who introduced the resolution or introduced a proposal to make Donald Trump a dictator for life within the first week to amend the Constitution. He and other MAGA Republicans are out there saying this, America, they go, we are the dominant predator. So we need to impose ourselves over others. Just watch it. You recently introduced to Bill, it gives President Trump the Congressional authority to acquire Greenland.


Tell us more about this. Well, you know, for some, that may sound a little bit crazy, but actually the United States has been eyeing Greenland for over a hundred years. Strategically, when you look at it, it, it's wealthy and resources. And when you see increased activity with Russia and China, the Arctic Circle and the increased activity with the shipping lanes, it's important for the United States to assert itself and say, look, this is our doorstep. This is our area of operation. And we are, quite frankly, the the dominant predator cop, if you will. But it's important that we fight back against China and send them back to their own hemispheres. And just so You go, oh, well that's just, you're just showing me Ogles Ben, show me someone else.


Okay. Well, here is MAGA Republican, Brandon Gill, and he says that the golden age of America means that it is our manifest destiny. We need to take over these nations. We need to, we need to acquire 'em. We need to own 'em Here, play this clip Conference yesterday. Trump was asked if he'd rule out using military force to get control of Greenland and the Panama Canal. And Trump would not rule that out. How would acquiring that land help everyday Americans better afford their day-to-day expenses? Well, first of all, Brianna, thanks for having me. Really appreciate it. Listen, president Trump is bringing us into a golden age of America.


This is the new manifest destiny, acquiring Reacquiring, the Panama Canal, acquiring Greenland, renaming the Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of America. This is the the light of America expanding. You know, we have a very clear strategic interest geopolitically, both in Greenland and in the Panama Canal. The Panama Canal, as you know, was created with the blood toil, tears, and sweat of American citizens. We put an enormous amount of money into it. I don't think we ever should have relinquished control of the Panama Canal. So President Trump, and By the way, while all of this is going on, America is already in a crisis, domestically, massive labor shortages called by Donald Trump's mass deportation threats.


Our egg supply right now is severely strained as a result of Donald Trump. Although Fox wants to say, oh, it's because of the bird flu. It's because of the bird flu. No Donald Trump's power. Now, the same way you blamed everything on Biden. When Biden actually improved the economy and got us out of the trash bin that Donald Trump created, you blamed every single thing on him. This is Trump's fault. All of this chaos is Trump's fault. Now we are alone, isolated, mocked by the world, laughed at by our enemies, looked on with horror and disgusted by our allies.


Thanks to all of you Magar Republicans and all of you who voted for this freaking idiot, you happy that you did this? This is what you wanted. Are we great again? Or are we really? Do I hit subscribe? Let's get to 4 million subscribers. We speak the truth on this YouTube channel. Hit subscribe right now. It's free. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now, and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today.