
It's turn time. And with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 plus in President select states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non-controllable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply, including token expiration and max wager amount C terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcast to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


Let's check in on state regime. Media known as Fox, as Donald Trump is crashing the economy and he failed in whatever you want to call those discussions with Putin. He didn't get the ceasefire that he promised on day one. Now that we're in March of 19th. So what's Fox talking about? Well, Fox propagandists Jesse Waters brings on this like right wing podcaster and they talk about sipping from straws and that men don't use straws. Here play this clip. David's the founder of valuetainment. Do you ever drink a milkshake and drink it with a straw? Jesse? I'm sitting here laughing.


I'm sorry. I gotta tell you, I've just been cracking up the entire time. But lemme put it to you this way. You like such A bizarre network and they get extra weird as Donald Trump continues to tank. Then you have Greg Gutfeld, one of the chief propagandists on Fox, and his message to the Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court is shut the F up. Shut the F up. Justice John Roberts. That's what they're platforming on. State regime Media known as Fox. Watch for yourself, Our Chief legal Analyst, Greg Gutfeld. Oh, Yes. Well, I'm glad you asked me that question. Look, John Roberts says it's not appropriate.


It's not an appropriate response to dis when you disagree with the judge. And it, it is really a surprise to me that Trump doesn't follow the appropriate protocol when there are rapists and murderers invading our, our country. Maybe a guy in a robe in DC can follow all the protocols, but Trump is the effing president of the United States who protects 300 million plus people. He is a leader who does not have the luxury of opening up his little books to read, oh my God, maybe he didn't do it the right way. Roberts shut the F up. This is something that a president has to do. He has to do this.


Now, throughout the day on state regime media known as Fox, they were saying shut the F up cheap Justice Roberts. They were bullying and attacking federal judges, specifically the federal judge in Washington DC District Court. Judge Bosberg, who's the chief judge of the federal court in Washington dc He used to be the chief judge of the FIA court because this judge issued an injunction saying, Donald Trump, you can't implement the Alien Enemies Act for 14 days without further briefing of the court. So we can make sure that there is a process here and we know what's going on. So you're not just taking people and calling them gang members without us knowing if they're actually gang members or not, or whatever.


And, and, and you have to give people some sort of process. You can't just take people and claim their criminals without presenting evidence or having a hearing and then sending people to concentration camps in El Salvador. Well, they're never gonna be heard from again. A lot of these Venezuelans who Trump picked up, who Trump claims to be gang members because of a tattoo or some other data that they don't want to discuss under national security, the family members of these people are saying they're not gang members. They weren't engaged in crimes. Now, they may be gang members, they may have engaged in crimes. If they are, they should get the book thrown at them, but they should get process. There's something called the Constitution.


That's my view of it. And again, I'm a law and order person who wants to see people who commit crimes, get the book thrown at them, go to jail, go to prison for a long time, just we're a country of laws still. I know the Trump regime doesn't like that. Then they have Trump's special envoy, Steve Witkoff. He goes on state regime media and he praises Vladimir Putin. He goes, president Putin was so great with Donald Trump, and Trump was so great with Putin. Here, watch this. So I think there, there have been some breakthroughs. I would commend President Putin for all he did today on that call to, to to, to move his country close to, to a final peace deal.


And I would say, and I would give all the credit to President Trump, his election peace through strength, the perception that there are no alternatives. That a good piece, a lasting piece, a durable piece is important for both sides. And the President was, I I I, you know, it's, I can't, I can't understate or I can't, pardon me, I can't overstate how compelling he was on this call. He was, he was, he's a natural born leader, Sean. And he demonstrated that today I've seen him in action. I know I I know him pretty well. Steve, like you, I've known him 30 years and there's, there's no other human being like him.


I will say that. Really so great. They didn't do a deal. All they talked about was like the United States and Russia playing hockey together in the future. And Trump wanting to do big, huge economic deals with Russia in the future. Purportedly, they talked about a ceasefire as it relates to energy infrastructure only. Whereas President Zelinsky agreed to an absolute ceasefire, Putin didn't. And then right after the discussions with Trump, a Russian bomb took out the power attacking energy infrastructure in a Ukrainian city just hours after allegedly Putin.


And Trump agreed not to strike en energy infrastructure for 30 days while peace negotiation for seeds, it's all BS with Trump. It's all lies. There's no ceasefire, there's no peace in 24 hours in Ukraine. What Trump did do though, over the past 48 hours is he was, you know, in part responsible for the ceasefire being removed in Gaza, where over 400 people were killed in Gaza by Netanyahu. Trump was responsible for breaking that ceasefire. Horrific stuff over here as well. You have egg, egg, this is the Fox Graphic Inflation Nation sponsored by, I don't know, Lear Capital, whatever the hell that is.


And so Fox is now just lying to its viewers that egg prices are super cheap. Now again, egg prices are now $3 and 45 cents. Where, where maybe one or two places, I don't know. But they're using the wholesale price that was given by the US Department of Agriculture, the lady who runs the US Department of Agriculture. By the way, that was one of the agency. All, all the agencies are gutted by the Trump regime, but she's the lady who said, you should buy chickens if you want your eggs. And now all of a sudden they're saying the wholesale price is $3 and 45 cents. But they're comparing it to the retail pro. Eggs in California are 10 bucks. I think in Colorado, they're like eight bucks. In other states, they're like nine bucks. I'm sure there are some states where they're three bucks, but eggs are and $3 and 45 cents.


That's just not true. But state regime media will tell you it is. You have Scott Bessant, Donald Trump's treasury secretary goes on Fox. Now Bessant lives in the real life version of Barbie's. Dollhouse a $22 million pink mansion in Charleston. South Carolina hears Scott Besant saying, we're unstoppable. We're on a roll. Things couldn't be better. Play this clip Fact, right? These tariffs, No, no, no, no. Is is Maria what's gonna happen on April 2nd? Each country will receive a number that we believe that represents their tariffs. So for some countries, the, it could be quite low.


For some countries it could be quite high. So there's not an automatic 25 plus 25 that's gonna happen. And when you know the poll you just read, I think that that's a source of a lot of the consternation that's happening. And you know what, what we can see the here, the in the administration is President Trump is on what is seemingly an unstoppable role since


January 20th. Did you know that 90% of Americans are nutrient deficient? That's a shocking number. But the solutions you'll find in the supplement aisle, they're temporary and full of synthetic ingredients in artificial sweeteners. That's why Gem is the first real food multivitamin formulated with ingredients. Our bodies were built to absorb and free from synthetic ingredients. Unlike most supplements that overload your body with excess vitamins, it doesn't need, GEM was designed deficiency first to fill your nutritional gaps without the excess ingredients that inevitably turn into waste to the body. Gem is on a mission to make food as medicine real through bite-sized nutrition solutions that are simple and delightful to digest. Each gem bite is a functional daily multivitamin formulated for proper absorption, packed with 20 plus nutrients, prebiotics, and probiotics, all in one delicious real food bite for foundational health. They source organic ingredients whenever possible and have nothing artificial. They even worked with a pastry chef to make sure that each bite is as delicious as it is nutritious. If you wanna give the first real food multivitamin and try head to daily gem.com/midas or enter Midas at checkout for 30% off your first order, that's daily, g m.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S or enter Midas at checkout for 30% off


Your Besson goes on Fox and says he can't guarantee that there won't be a recession. Let's play it Story. The other day you were asked a question by another outlet, can you guarantee that we're not gonna have a recession? And you wanted to address that this morning? Yeah, well look, it, it, it was a silly, it was a silly question. Can you guarantee there's not gonna be a recession? I can't guarantee anything. I can't guarantee that the, the journalist who asked me the question that her news program's gonna be on in a year Here, even Maria Bar Roma then appears to lose patient with scent over their tariffs. Let's play it. And they have substantial tariffs and as, as important as a tariff or some of these non tariff barriers where, where they have domestic content production, where where they do testing on, on our, whether it's our food or products that bear no re resemblance to safety or anything that we do to their products.


See, the, these are, these are the things that people are really worried about because they first thought it was just about trade, then they thought it was just about fentanyl. Then after that we talked about, well maybe it's currency manipulation and maybe it's now you're talking about food testing. And when I bring up the issue of clarity, that's, that's what I'm talking about. And that's what I'm hearing from corporate America that we're not sure where this is going. But of course we will get resolution on on August on April 2nd, rather, secretary Long. Then you have Rick Scott, you wanna find the Medicaid fraud? You know where it is. This guy, Senator Rick Scott of Florida got rich off of a company that was involved in the largest Medicaid fraud settlement in the history of the United States.


That's where it is. I found it. I found it right here. Right With this guy. Here he goes, basically starts threatening war against Iran. Right? The regime that said, no more wars, but we're gonna make peace bringing us into all of these wars here. Play this clip. I do their part. Every democracy in the world has gotta say, stop doing business with Iran. The only way we can do it is hopefully we have to destroy their economy. It's horrible for the Iranian people, but it's the only way to prevent them from having a nuclear weapon. And maybe we're gonna have to go in, or Israel's gonna have to go in and destroy their ability to, to create a nuclear weapon. 'cause they cannot have a nuclear weapon. So thank God Trump's there. Thank God Marco Rupa is around Mike Waltz. All these guys, they're that are gonna do everything they can to hold Iran accountable.


The the world has to hold them accountable for what they're doing. Well, you're on. So then one of the things too, state regime media has to do, they have to platform the oligarchy. It, it's funny though, that everything's backfiring though with what they do. Right? Like as they get more desperate and they platform like Musk and these Musk grad and these, and these Trumpers, it has the opposite effect of what they actually want to happen. So like you're looking at the Tesla stock. Tesla stock is plummeting plum freefall freefall for sure, for sure. Then they bring on Elon Musk and Elon Musk in front of the White House goes, we're just implementing the will of the people.


This is the will. This is what the people want. They want veterans to be fired. They want 70,000 jobs at the VA to be cut. That's the will they want me to call Social security a Ponzi scheme. That's the will they want me to get rid of Medicaid and to fire all the people who work at the FAA and the NIH and the CDC and the national parks and, and get rid of the Department of Education. Yeah. Screw over poor kids and kids with cancer gut, the gut, the cancer research. It's the will of the people. That's what they want. They wanna send people to concentration camps in El Salvador without having hearings or evidence to determine if crimes or even committed the will of the people.


Man. Yeah, I'm from South Africa. I mean, stupid stuff here. Play this clip. Right? And the really, we're just implementing the will of the people. And we, we've got this window where we, where we can finally take corrective action. We can fix the government, fix the country, and, and create a great future. And again, that's only possible because of p President Trump. Well, I can't say no good things about him. I mean, right. I mean y'all just, just lower, just leave us alone. I mean, that's kind of what it boils down to, right? Like with former President Biden, you just woke up. You didn't think about the crazy shit like this. Excuse my language, right?


You just went through the day. The markets would do fine, businesses were doing fine. Fox would throw out, you know, everything that they could to undermine Biden and corporate media would buy and hook, line and sinker. But like, what, what is this? I mean, here's Elon Musk on state regime media in front of the White House trying to pump the Tesla stock here. Watch this. Yeah. It's, it turns out when you take away people's, you know what the fraud, the money they're receiving fraudulently they get very upset and they, they basically wanna kill me because I'm stopping their fraud. And they want to hurt Tesla because we're stopping this, this terrible waste and, and corruption in the government.


And, well, I guess they're bad people. Bad people will do bad things. Oh really? Elon Bad people do bad things. That's funny, funny coming from you. Bad people do bad things. What? Like, treat veterans like crap and fire 'em or fire tens of thousands of federal workers and lie and claim you're firing them because of their job performance when they were performing fine and exceeding expectations or meeting expectations and bad people. I don't know, bad people like Putin, like the people, like I know bad people like cutting off intelligence to Ukraine and causing people to die in Ukraine.


Bad people, bad people. Bringing Zelinsky into the Oval Office and attacking him. A war hero. Someone who's trying to save his country. Bad people, bad people like you, Elon and Trump and the, and the whole regime. Just, it's actually how I would define these. These are bad people. Scumbags. That's how I feel. My head subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.