
Feel your max with Brooks running and the all new Ghost Max too. They're the shoes you deserve. Designed to streamline your stride and help protect your body. Treat yourself to feel good Landings on an ultra high stack of super comfy nitrogen infused cushion that takes the edge off every step, every day. The Brooks Ghost Max too. You know, technically they're a form of self-care. Brooks, let's run there. Head to brooks running.com to learn more


Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc license 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California. And Open Door brokerage. LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsin ads, go to libson ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.


He remained on the board until April of 2019. We also know that. So that was Pam Bonde. That's who Donald Trump has now nominated as his attorney General pick. After Matt Gates withdrew his name from consideration in connection with a child sex trafficking investigation.


There you saw Bondi speaking on Donald Trump's behalf at the first impeachment inquiry into Donald Trump. It was really, really bad, and they basically sidelined her after what you just observed right there. Some more information about Bondi that's worth noting. You know, she's someone out there who's one of Donald Trump's top surrogates in general on the media, and she's out there calling for people like Hillary Clinton to be locked up here. Like, watch this, Lock her up. I love that.


Stay with me. Also, as Kyle Cheney points out from Politico, when Donald Trump was on the brink of defeat in 2020, Pam Bondi literally jumped in her car with Rudy Giuliani to Pennsylvania to help plant the first seeds of doubt to lie about the results of the 2020 election that was described by Politico as a manic road trip emblematic of her devotion to Donald Trump. She was standing there with Giuliani spreading lies after lies. The article, as Bondi has been quietly by Trump's side the entire time spreading lies about the 2020 election.


Here she is, by the way, starting these conspiracies about voter fraud in Philadelphia in 2020. You could watch this. Hey everyone, we wanted to give you an update. They are still not in compliance. Our votes are being suppressed. We cannot count the votes properly. What's happening is they have moved the barrier up to six feet, but they took away the ballot machines that were in the front row and moved them to the back of the building. It's unbelievable what they're trying to do to our votes that have been legally cast. Whether you're a Democrat or a Republican, your legal votes must be tabulated, and they're not doing that.


They will not let us see anything. They're trying to drown us out now where we can't be heard. We're not going away. And now we're gonna take further remedy to fix this. Other videos of Bondi are now resurfacing. Here she is in August, 2023, saying on live TV that when Donald Trump wins, he will weaponize the Department of Justice. I mean. She's saying the quiet part out loud right here, here. Let's play this clip as well. Something else that's gonna happen, Sean, is when Republicans take back the White House and we will be back in there in 18 months or less, you know what's gonna happen? The Department of Justice, the prosecutors will be prosecuted.


The bad ones, the investigators will be investigated because the deep state last pre term for President Trump, they were hiding in the shadows, but now they have a spotlight on them and they can all be investigated and the house needs to be cleaned out because now we know who most of them are. There's a record of it, and we can clean house next term, and that's what has to happen. Also worth noting that Bondi goes on all of these right wing shows frequently. By the way, she's a lobbyist right now at the Ballard lobbying firm. So, so much for draining the swamp. But here she is on Fox News, lying and saying that Democrats are trying to take your guns.


Democrats are coming after your guns and they're trying to give it to migrants and terrorists, just kind of more of the, the lies and the gaslighting here play this clip And, and as far as the border, the hypocrisy there, oh no, you know, look at, look at the guns. The guns. So Democrats wanna take guns out of the hands of law abiding citizens, yet they want them to flow across our border into the hands of gang members and drug dealers. It's unbelievable. They ignore that. No, No. You may have heard this as well, but back in 2013 when Bondi was the Attorney General of Florida, she was given $25,000 from the Trump organization and Trump University.


And after receiving that $25,000 donation, she withdrew the criminal investigation into the Trump organization back then and became a close ally to Donald Trump. As Matt McDermott says, there is evidence to suggest that when Pam Bondi was Attorney General of Florida, she was bribed by Donald Trump to avoid an investigation into fraud at Trump University. New York Times did a story how new records shed light on this money that Trump gave to Bondi, and then the investigation stopped shortly thereafter. By the way, here is Bondi back in 2018, sitting next to Donald Trump suggesting to take away people's guns.


And so I I just want you to listen to this. So on the one hand she's saying Democrats are out there taking away guns. He, here she is with Donald Trump. And do you remember this meeting? Remember when Donald Trump was basically saying, we need to take away people's guns without even kind of asking them or without due process? And then the NRA came in and said, you can't say that. And then they basically scripted what he needed to say about guns thereafter. Here's Bondi here, a playlist clip sitting Out within 24 hours, the majority of 'em. So what we wanna do is let law enforcement come in and take the guns. Good. They're a danger to themselves for others, which You can't do right now. Well, they're, because without being adjudicated, so because they're a danger to themselves, You want them to take the guns and not when they are committed, not go through six months of legal trials and everything Else.


Exactly. But we also have to give the the mentally ill, the due process in which they deserve precedent. So what we're doing is they're going to be able to take the guns when they're taken into custody or into the hospital, and then when they're released within 24 hours or 72 hours later, typically it's 24 hours, but law enforcement will have 72 hours to determine whether they should give those guns back. Or they can go to a judge and say, your honor, please keep these guns. We feel this person is still a danger to himself or others, whether They're, so this would not have worked custody the way it's currently constituted. This would not have worked with Cruz as it's currently constituted As it's currently written.


So you're gonna make changes. We're gonna make changes. And one other thing we're doing about the reporting president, which is


Huge support for today's episode, comes from iHerb. iHerb offers the best curated selection of wellness products at the best possible value across categories like supplements, sports, nutrition, groceries, and beauty. It's your one-stop shop for all your health and wellness needs. iHerb really cares about what's inside every bottle, whether it's part of your morning routine, your workout cool down, or your self-care rituals. They test and verify everything to make sure what's inside matches the label. Their site is super easy to navigate too. You could search by category, brand, or even specific needs like circulatory or digestive support. You can also narrow your search by ratings, price, or diet preferences like vegan. They've thought of everything. I've been using iHerb recently and it's become a huge part of my health routine. I love their range of products, especially in sports nutrition and supplements. My favorite so far has been their California Gold Nutrition Hydration up. It's the perfect thing for rehydrating after a workout so I could get the electrolytes my body needs. The quality is always top-notch and I love how quick and easy it is to find exactly what I need. iHerb offers over 50,000 products across a variety of categories, including supplements, beauty, and groceries. You could trust that your products will arrive in perfect condition because iHerb ships from climate controlled fulfillment centers in the us plus they ship to over 180 countries. All products are sourced directly from the brands or authorized distributors, so you never have to worry about third party sellers. And in the US you get free shipping on orders over $30 plus. If, You have any questions. Their 24 7 customer support has you covered. Our listeners get 22% off their first order when you use code Midas at iHerb dot com slash shop slash midas. Existing customers receive 15% off. That's 22% off your first order at iHerb dot com slash shop slash midas. Use promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. Choose iHerb because wellness matters.


By the way, just so you see, I can give you a broader context of what Bondy's speech was at the impeachment investigation into Donald Trump in the impeachment trial. Here she is right here. Again. She served as Florida's Attorney General from 2011 to 2019. Just, just listen to what she's saying. I mean it, it's I mean, it's, it's not a very good oral argument. Right here is all I'm gonna say here. You, you. You could listen to it for yourself and just judge for yourself. 'cause this is who Donald Trump picked to be Attorney General. Here, watch this. In early 2014, Joe Biden, our Vice President of the United States, led the United States Foreign Policy in Ukraine with the goal of rooting out corruption.


According to an annual study published by Transparency International. During this time, Ukraine was one of the most corrupt countries in the entire world. In Ukraine, there's a natural gas company called Barista. Barisma has been owned by an oligarch named Nicola Chesky. Here's what happened very shortly after Vice President Biden was made us point man for Ukraine. His son, hunter Biden, ends up on the board of Barisma working for and paid by the Oligarch Chesky in February, 2014 in the wake of anti-corruption uprising by the people of Ukraine, Zol Chesky flees the country, flees Ukraine.


Chesky the Oli is well known. George Kent, the very first witness that the Democrats called during their public hearings testified Chesky stood out for his self dealings. Even among other oligarchs. House managers didn't tell you that Ambassador, Kurt Voller Voller explained that barista had a quote, very bad reputation as a company for corruption and money laundering. Yep. Senator elect, Adam Schiff, former congress member, Adam Schiff, Senator Elect now from California.


He posted Pam Bondy amplified false claims about the 2020 election as ag, which she dropped cases against violent insurrectionists, which he continue pushing the big lie under oath. She will have to answer those questions and a lot more during her confirmation hearing. It's gonna be great to have people like Senator Elect Schiff at that hearing here. Just play this clip of Senator Schiff play this Clip. Pam Bondy was one of the election deniers out there very early on in Pennsylvania, making claims of fake ballots. So if she is going to be the Attorney General, what does that mean in terms of how Donald Trump and the Justice Department treat all of those people convicted of assaulting police officers on January 6th?


Is she gonna continue as Attorney General pushing out the big lie? These are questions that she's gonna have to answer during her confirmation hearings, but you're right, those that have been loyal to him, those that have been willing to essentially present his false defenses and his fake claims have been now elevated to the top ranks or if he has his way, will be elevated the top ranks of our justice system. You know, it's also worth noting, I'll do another video on this as well either today or for the weekend, but the MAGA Republicans tapped Marjorie Taylor Green to basically lead what they're referring to as their Doge subcommittee chair. Marjorie Taylor Green, in other words, would be responsible for taking away your social security, your Medicare, Medicaid, other important government services.


And here a OC says, this is good actually, she barely shows up and doesn't do the reading. To borrow a phrase I saw elsewhere, it's like giving someone an unplugged controller and I'll just throw this in at the end of this video, even though it's not directly related to this video. I'm getting a lot of comments like this right now, so I wanna see if you're experiencing the same thing. 'cause If, You are, put it in the comments below. Of course, right now, mortgage rates are up, up, up because of Donald Trump as they were getting lower in response to chaos in the bond markets being caused by Donald Trump's proposed tariffs and chaotic picks. But lots of people are sending me messages like this, groceries and everyday items we need for a living are also climbing.


Since Trump was elected, I was shocked last week at the grocery store at how Fast Cost Rose after Trump was elected So. if you have a story like that, share it in the comments with me as well. Anyway, thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks Love. This video, make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.