
Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detectors, spots, threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com cancel anytime terms apply.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington Price. They have my favorite brand. This is like a whole new bu I buy too. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll Love the deals you'll love Burlington. I told you. So.


This episode is brought to you by Enterprise Mobility. From fleet management to flexible truck rentals to technology solutions. Enterprise Mobility helps businesses find the right mobility solutions so they can find new opportunities. Because if your business is on the road, they wanna make sure it's on the road to success. Enterprise mobility, moving you moves the world. Find your road@enterprisemobility.com.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


The new KFC Dunk it bucket with juicy original recipe tenders. New mashed potato poppers, crispy fries, plus three sauces that fit right on top of the lid so you can dunk anywhere. You can dunk at the game dunk while security points to the no outside food sign and dunk as 20,000 people watch you and your dunk it bucket. Get removed from the stadium dunk almost anywhere with the new $7 KFC Dunk it bucket. Or get the double dunk it bucket for 25. Prices and participation vary while supplies last. Texas tips and fees extra.


My favorite punk band, the Dropkick Murphy's been making headlines across the country as they are touring and they are not afraid to call out MAGA when they see that occasional MAGA hat that's still in their crowd. Look, the Dropkick Murphy's has been making music for working class fans now for about three decades. And I think they're seeing firsthand though what Donald Trump and what MAGA has been doing to some of these people. I, I wanna share with you this video that we exclusively broke at the Midas Touch Network. This happened on stage in the past day or so, in front of 6,000 Bostonians at the Dropkick Murphy's concert.


Watch this Chinese Fucking red That they All wear, and I think it's di in their brains. You got the black on black Elon Musk, true Nazi edition. And then my man here, He's getting ready for summer with a nice fucking light and white One. All right? No, bro, listen, I admire a dedication, but I will ask everyone if You're in a room Full of people and you wanna know who's in a cult, how do you know who's in a cult? They've been holding up a fucking hat the whole night To represent a president.


Anyway, anyway, It's your mind, sir. We're gonna, we're gonna play a song about our grandparents and people who like fought Nazis in the war and shit, you know, So if you could just shut The fuck up for five minutes. Let me show you another incredible moment from another show recently where the lead singer Ken Casey just showed the crowd and an audience member who was wearing a MAGA cap. The difference between made in America versus made in foreign countries. Here, watch this. Where the fuck are all the other punk bands? We, the reason we speak out, we don't care if we lose fans because when history is said and done, we want it known that Drop Cake Murphy stood with the people we stood with the workers, okay?


And, and, and it's all a fucking scam guys. Okay? I want to propose in the, in the name of decency and fairness, sir, I'd like to propose a friendly, a friendly wager. You can't lose this wager would you? In the name of dialogue and discourse, and I appreciate being here. Would you agree to a friendly wager? He says, sure. That's a good sport. Well, first of all, do you, I, do you support American workers? Of course you do. Of course you do. Okay, so, and you support American businesses obviously. Okay? So I don't know if you guys are aware 'cause we don't go around fucking bragging about it, but Dropkick Murphy's always sells proudly made an American merchandise only.


And, and here's the bet I'd like to make. If you lose the bet, we switch, we switch shirts, okay? If you win the bet, I give you a hundred dollars in the shirts. Right? That's why I said you can't lose, right? Alright, Matt, can we get a little drum roll please? This is fucking high drama here because American made. Sir, could you both turn backwards? Don't worry. No, he just needs to check your tags on, on your shirt and your hat. Just need to see where they made. No, no, no, no. The mega shirt. The mega shirt. Let's see where that's made.


Nicaragua. It's made in Nicaragua. So he is a good sport. He's taking the shirt off. We're taking crime off the streets. God bless your fucking heart. That's a good sport. You get one probably made in America. Dropkick Murphy shirt. A proudly made in America Dropkick Murphy's shirt. Let's bring in the lead singer of Dropkick Murphy's. Ken Casey. Ken, how you doing? Tell us about Ben, your, tell us about your tour. We're big fans of Dropkick Murphy's here at the Midas.


Such, Edward, tell us about the tour, what you are seeing with your audience and your ability just to call out MAGA for what it is. Yeah, so, you know, obviously being around as long as we have, and since our very first album, you know, when we started in 96, we've always kind of been this, you know, pro working class, pro-union band. And a lot of our politics have been about our experiences in, you know, the workforce before we started the band and, you know, family history and unions and union politics and union organizing. So it's always been near and dear to our heart and our fan base was lockstep with us, you know, and we have a, we had a lot of military support, first responders, you know, rank and file union people.


And once that guy came down the escalator man and started telling everyone to lie, you know, all of a sudden, you know, a big portion of our fan base is like, what's with this politics? All of a sudden they say, all of a sudden we, one thing I can say is that we have not changed our message from the beginning in 1996 till now. Unfortunately, a lot of people, you know, that, that are in all those categories I mentioned have been, you know, tricked to think that a grifter billionaire who wouldn't know how to, you know, sit in a room full of regular people, you know, is, is looking out for their best interests.


So, you know, my my goal is not to come out on stage and parade our fans. Those, those two incidences you just showed were, were the first one in the, the second one that you showed in Florida. When I did the wager with the guy, he was actually a very good sport, you know, and, and you know, he lost the bet and he took off his shirt and it was good. And after the show, and I was talking to fans down front, he was there and I said, Hey, thanks for being a good sport. And he said, I've been coming to see you for 20 years and I don't let politics and I consider you family, and I don't let politics come between family. And I was like, man, that gave me a lot of hope, you know, that, that we can come back together. Because ultimately, if, you know, if it's just that by, by an uprising or whatever it is, we, you know, gain, you know, power backwards, a general strike, whatever it might be, you know, we're still gonna be a divided country, you know?


So I, I'd love to have the hope that someday we, you know, politics might be boring again and we can all be friends again. You know, the other guy, the first qui he showed with the hat, he was coming into more of a, you know, he had held the hat up all night, putting it in people's faces and, you know, he was looking for the attention. So like, I I, I'm not really looking to, you know, stop, get, I'm, I'm looking to play music and I oftentimes will comment before a song, you know, something about our beliefs, but I'm really not looking to stop the show and, and turn it into a political rally. But, you know, I do have to call out the hypocrisy when I see it, especially if it's being put in my face at a show, you know?


Yeah. Look, in this particular moment too, we're seeing with Project 2025 and Trump's other agenda, how, you know, these billionaires are gutting our government. We're seeing veterans being fired at Elon Musk calling Social Security a Ponzi scheme while destroying government agencies and then kind of just mocking working class people. I think Elon Musk says that, and Trump has said before, I think that they don't even believe in the concepts of unions or Trump's laughed when Elon Musk's, you know, fired striking workers and Trump found that hilarious. And so, look, this is a major topic of conversation right now.


Are are you seeing though, at your shows a, a different reaction now than maybe you saw even a year ago or two years ago right now, specifically with all of the things that Doge and Musk are doing? Yeah, well, people will say to us like, yeah, we know this is your politics, but why are you like, you know, they want to the right that follows us, wants to be able to just kind of know our politics but not have to fi be faced with it, you know? And I said, why? Well, why all of a sudden so much? I said, well, we always have, if it's more now it's because we're in a crisis and if we don't speak up now, we're gonna lose the opportunity to speak up. And, and all the things you mentioned, especially, you know, like organized labor and, and I get it, I get the anger and, and people feeling like the Democrats have let them down as well.


But if you wanna look at the voting records and you wanna look at, like you said, the the two guys in charge, whoever you want to call the president, I'm not sure which one really is. They literally laugh at working class people. How you can vote with that, I don't know. And I do see a change because I think that, especially like in the online world that, you know, the bullies will always bully, but like MAGA had dominated that they almost had scared people into submission and people would, even a lot of other bands, they just kept their head down 'cause they didn't want it to affect their business. They didn't want it to, you know, put the bullseye on them. But listen, they're coming for everybody eventually, right?


So you better speak up now and don't be afraid. And if you want to be silenced 'cause you think it's gonna be better for your business, it's like in the long run, there's only a few ultra ultra wealthy people that this is gonna benefit. Everyone else is gonna suffer. And, and, and, and someday you'll also carry the shame if you're a band or whoever that you didn't speak up when the time was called for. So that's why we do it now. And you know, we've just, it's what we've always been about, you know, and, and I think that, you know, working class people on the left in particular need to, you know, stand up because there's this whole like mentality that MAGA has painted that like, you know, you're either MAGA or you are, you know, drinking soy lattes, you know, or whatever, you know, and there's a, there's a lot of people that are just like, we're just regular people, but we don't want a dictator.


We don't want to see people ripped people's benefits ripped away, especially veterans and people who've worked their whole life to pay into social security. I just don't understand, you know, if, if someone was gonna trick Americans into what has happened, I would, I would've like, thought it might have been like a Brad Pitt or someone a little bit cooler or whatever. Like the fact that Elon Musk, the guy looks like he, he's, he's literally seems like a, a villain from a movie meet mixed with a guy that's like mid nervous breakdown and Donald Trump's just a clown. I just can't believe how they've been the two that have, that have swaying people's views.


It's crazy. And I, and I'm a hundred percent convinced that Donald Trump is a Russian asset, you know? And because his behavior and the things he's done, and one other thing Dropkick Murphy's has always been about is like a lot of songs about standing with your friends and family and the things you believe in, whether it's politics or just how you were raised. And Donald Trump is the exact opposite of everything we sing about. You know, he's turned on his friends, he's turned on his, he's turned on America's friends and our allies and he's a rat and a coward. You know, when you think of it that way, we, America shouldn't be turning on our allies, you know? So that's, that's how we feel. One of the things that they do though, to try to ingratiate themselves in the culture, as you say, like how do people buy into what they're saying though is they take a lot of cultural moments and songs and music and they pretend that they're endorsements of them.


You've seen this recently as well where someone like Don Jr as of what last week was posting your music, he was posting your song returning to Boston, and, and then you responded as, as follows to him, this was the DM that this is a cease and desist letter if I've ever seen one right here. He posts your music and you, you go take down our music, you nepo dictator crackhead, and he was posting, I'm shipping up to Boston, he was playing the music. So tell us about your version of a cease and desist letter and what went through your mind when you heard him playing your music?


Yeah, I mean, it's just kinda stupidity. It is just not, you know, I it's like, you know, these people just don't read the room, you know, and I mean, Don Jr don't even get me started. I, you know, they, they're definitely not welcome to play a mu music. They have a very limited amount of musicians that want them, will, will allow them to play their music, you know, and yeah, I just don't want, nobody wants, you know, their work associated with this regime, you know, and it's, it's sickening, but it also shows how like little, they're reading the room, you know? Absolutely. I want to tell everybody about your live show this evening.


You can go find the live show right there. It's at Veeps Events slash dropkick Murphys Veeps Events slash Dropkick Murphys starts 9:00 PM Eastern Time, 6:00 PM Pacific. So tonight the Midas Touch podcast goes live at five Eastern, or rather five Pacific, eight Eastern. And so right after the Midas Touch Podcast ends, you can go and tune right into the Dropkick Murphy's concert. We didn't plan it that way, but as soon as our show ends, go and watch it. Anything else you wanna say before we go, Ken? Just to your fans and to the American people in general?


Yeah, I just like that the American people, like I said, we started to touch on it, but I got a little sidetracked to say that I now see that, I think that people are starting to, you know, take back the airwaves starting to rise up, you know, the maga cancel culture and all that. Like go woke, go broke, that's over, man. You know? And like, we've been around doing what we do before the word woke existed, you know, so like whatever that, whatever you're trying to do with the go woke go broke is it's not working, you know what I mean? It's not working and we're, we appreciate all the people that have supported Drop Kick Murphy's and our message and our music and you know.


Yeah. Cool. If you tune in tonight, it's the final show of our tour, the final show of four shows in Boston. We do a little special thing tonight where we play like all the old school music back from a lot of the songs from the nineties and stuff. And yeah, it's a special night to wrap up on our hometown on St. Patrick's Day. I like to wish everyone a happy St. Patrick's Day and you know, thank you guys for all you do on behalf of democracy and it's awesome to have the, your platform reaching so many people. Well, appreciate you. We got Ken Casey from the Dropkick Murphy's on St. Patrick's Day on the last day of the Dropkick Murphy's tour. Ken, great to see everybody check it out.


Veeps Events slash Dropkick Murphy's. As soon as the Midas Touch Podcast ends tonight, go check out the Dropkick Murphy's concert. Thanks Ken. Thanks Ben. Have a great day. Everybody hit you too. Everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.