
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler. The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my bets in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts Of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself. And ammo savings alone as a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman matches, X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantisx.com.


You know, it's like clockwork with these sociopaths. They never want to face the consequences of their actions, and so they'll pretend that they're the victim. I'm just gonna have to sail into the sunset. We're seeing this with Elon Musk right now, and frankly, it's absolutely pathetic. Don't buy what he is selling quite literally. And also when it comes to this routine that he's doing, that he's somehow stepping away from the government and he's going back to sleeping on the factory floor, everybody. So that's the sob story that Elon Musk is trying to sell the American people. Right now, I'm moving away from government.


I'm not gonna do any more political donations. I'm just gonna fade into the background. I tried with Doge, I did my best. Elon Musk, you were still at Capitol Hill last week with the Congressional Energy and Commerce Committee, where you were talking about cutting Medicaid. You were with Donald Trump in the Middle East, where you met with the leaders of the UAE and Qatar and Saudi Arabia. You were with Donald Trump in the Oval Office when South African President Rama Foso was there. There's literally nothing has changed other than the fact that you realize that your destruction of our government, the hostile takeover, the cruelty with which you've done, everything has made you one of the most detestable human beings in the United States, in the world.


And your cars and your other companies are suffering as a result. So you just want to pretend, you wanna try to act like you're no longer involved with Doge or anything, And that you are just going back to Tesla and it's total bs but it's all coordinated, right? I mean, the Wall Street Journal article, angry Elon is back. That's good for Tesla. Now is the moment for Musk to channel his fury into executing on the company's long promise pivot to driverless cars. You want us to believe all of this crap? I mean, it's absolutely ridiculous. I mean, look, he, here's what Elon Musk just recently PO posted.


He had his was ex account, he was calling himself Kechi Maximus. Then he changed it back to Elon Musk and, and Grok is his background to see, see, I'm serious everybody. I'm no longer Kechi Maximus, but here's what he posted. I have come to the perhaps obvious conclusion that accelerating GDP growth is essential. Doge has and will do great work to postpone the day of bankruptcy of America. But the profligacy of the government means that only radical improvements in productivity can save our country. In other words, you're just gonna use a bunch of gibberish word salad, big words and be like, I tried, I saved us.


That, that that's where we are right now. He went from we're going to cut $2 trillion from the deficit to $1 trillion in the deficit to 500 million to 150 to we're actually adding to the deficit to, oh my God, we're adding 5 trillion to the deficit, to, oh my God, we may be adding 20 trillion to the deficit. But now it's, I tried, I did my best. I I I saved us for a few more years. No, you've absolutely made things worse. You made things much worse than you have other posts from Elon Musk like this. 'cause he's trying to, he's trying to make us feel bad for him.


He's trying to make us feel like, like he's gotta go back to the factory to work after destroying our federal government. Let me be very clear also, doge was never about efficiency. It was never about cutting the deficit. It was always about one thing, stealing your data, taking your Social security information, taking your medical records, getting all of the data aggregated with Elon Musk's crew, Mr. Big Balls or whatever they called themselves. And once they did that, that's all they really gave a crap about. And the destruction was the point. They, they destroyed it all.


There, there, there's no efficiency. It's not efficient. Now that in fema, there's like very little staff there who can actually respond to emergencies. It's not efficient that at the National Weather Service or the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Agency, there aren't people who can predict the weather patterns and do the forecasting. It's not efficient when you don't have people answering the phones at the veteran affair suicide hotline. It is not efficient when you're not helping nine 11 survivors and first responders, right? It's, it's, it's not efficient. When you shut down the Department of Education and you steal school lunches from the mouths of low income students.


It's, it's not efficient when you kick people off of Medicaid. It's not efficient when the Federal Aviation Administration is just made a total disaster of our airports with massive delays. The radars and Newark and Denver shutting down the flights are incredibly dangerous. Planes are crashing. There's nothing efficient. That's not, that's not what they were doing. He put the poison pill or the nuclear bomb blew up the federal government, and now he just goes, I'm going Back to spending 24 7 on the factor of law. Everybody, I'm not sure why I'm doing a Mickey Mouse voice for that, but here's what he says. I'm not even sure if that was a Mickey Mouse voice. This is his real post from May 24th.


So yesterday, back to spending 24 7 at work and sleeping in conference server factory rooms. I must be super focused on x and X AI and Tesla plus Starship launch next week. As we have critical technologies rolling out, as evidenced by the X uptime issues this week. Major operational improvements need to be made, need to be made. The failover redundancy should have worked, but it did not. Let's just take a look at where you've been. Elon. As Mark Pocan points out, Elon Musk was back on Capitol Hill today. This was a few days ago. Anyone actually believe he's stepping back. He's just hiding in the closet, but he's still in the room.


Trump and Musk are doing everything to get tax cuts for themselves and ripping away your Medicaid and Medicare, even cutting healthcare for 14 million people and food assistance. That's what he was doing the week before that. Here's a photo of Elon Musk and MBS in Saudi Arabia. Elon Musk took that trip. Of course, you know that Elon was in the room with South African President Osa. So, so you see all of that. But Elon makes the Saab video. He makes the Selfie Saab video and he goes, in terms of political spending, I'm not going, I'm going to do a lot less in the future. I, I, I think I've done enough here.


Play this clip right here. I think in terms of political spending, I'm gonna do a lot less in the future. And why is that? I think I've done enough. Is it, is it because of Blow Back? Well, if I see a reason to do political spending in the future, I will do it. I don't currently see a reason. Okay, what about


You're smart enough to know when something's not working, like when you can't focus at work or when you're dragging by 2:00 PM or when your stomach feels like it's fighting you after every meal? Well, here's the thing, these aren't random symptoms. Your gut impacts everything from your digestion to your brain function to your energy levels. That's why we love Just Thrive Probiotic, unlike other brands that make big promises but fall apart in your stomach. Just Thrive is the only probiotic clinically proven to arrive in your gut. 100% alive. For you, that means real results, like better digestion, healthy immunity, and more energy to tackle your day. But don't just take our word for it. Try. Just thrive probiotic for 90 days and see how much better you feel if you don't notice a difference. They'll refund every penny, even if the bottle's empty. Start your 90 day risk-free trial today@justthrivehealth.com and use promo code Midas Plus to save 20% on your first bottle. That's just thrive health.com. Promo code Midas.


Oh, Elon, we're supposed to feel so bad for you, so bad for you that you were what? Giving away like a million dollars in different elections. If people register to people were like, register to vote. I wanna share this with you as well. Message from Democratic Congress member Greg Casar, who goes, Elon Musk is not gone and we can't let Republicans pretend he is just because he's unpopular. Now we have to keep up the pressure until we actually fire Elon Musk. And you see Jake Sherman, a Capitol Hill reporter, talked about how last week Elon Musk is on the hill meeting with the ENC Republicans, energy and commerce on energy and ai, notably, I think Medicaid's is, is in there as well.


The $880 billion cuts are in there as well. Now, this was Donald Trump on a plane recently when he was asked, would you appoint Elon to any other position? Here is what Donald Trump said. Let's play the clip. And they're working Very closely with our secretaries and our, the people that are the heads of. Do You think you would appoint him to another position once His 109 days? Well, he would. I would. I think Elon's great, but he also has a company to run or a number of companies to run down that he can do this. That he can find the time. He loves the country. That's why he does it. But we're in no rush. But they'll be appointed which time Elon's gonna have to leave, Sir.


Even auto, That was on April 3rd. This is on April 3rd as well. Even when Elon leaves Will Doge still be around? Was the question here, play this clip Even When you, even when Elon leaves and goes back to being CEO, will doge stick around in some kind of capacity? Yeah, it'll still Doge Doge itself. Yeah. At some point. What that look like. Just so you understand, I don't wanna get it wrong. I want Elon to stay as long as possible. Number one, I like him. Number two, he's doing a great job. Number three, he is a patriot. That's why he's doing this. And he's, you know, it's very costly for him. But, so I want him to stay as long as possible, but there'll be a point where he's gonna have to leave and what he does, the secretaries will take totally over and Doge will stay active.


We have a lot of smart people. A lot of those people I believe are gonna go into the agencies. And So, as I mentioned, Elon Musk is not going anywhere. Oh, here was Trump with OSA pointing out that Elon, the South African president Osa pointing out that Elon Musk was in the room here, play this clip here today. I have many friends from South Africa, but many of those friends are, are not, they can't go back. I have, Elon is from South Africa. I don't want to get Elon involved. That's all I have to do. Get him into another thing. But Elon happens to be from South Africa. This is what Elon wanted. He actually came here on a different subject sending rockets to Mars.


Okay. He likes that better. He likes that subject better. That's right. But Elon is from South Africa and I, I don't want to talk to him about that. I I don't want to, I don't think it's fair to him. That's right. But I will Say that, you know, now, now, who do, where do you think the idea is originating from? That the white africaners are given this without basically any paperwork at all. Their, their citizenship path to citizenship is fast tracked into the United States. Who do you think is giving Donald Trump that information? That the white South Africans are going through a genocide, which they're not in South Africa now. There is gang violence in South Africa. It affects white people and black people around the same proportion if we're talking about white and black farmers as well.


And it's a horrific thing that there's that gang violence and, and deaths of farmers and general, but it's not a, a white genocide taking place in South Africa. I mean, where, where, where do you think that's, where do you think that's, you know, that's originating from? I I, I want to give you just a few more data points before we go as well, in addition to the fact that the MAGA Republicans will be adding somewhere between five to 20, maybe even $30 trillion to the deficit. That that's what we get with Elon Musk and Doge. I mean, this is the Wall Street Journal headline, the stark math on the GOP tax plan. It doesn't cut the deficit. But if you just take a look at the federal spending, just federal spending alone over the past few months, what are we now over a hundred days now?


A hundred and whatever we are, a hundred twenty, a hundred thirty, a hundred forty days. The federal spending, this is what Pantheon has to say. Doge is falling well short of its goal to slash federal spending reducing at least one major near term downside risk for the economy. Realtime data suggests that federal spending has been roughly 10% higher since Donald Trump was inaugurated than in the same period a year earlier. Okay? So 10% more month over month federal spending with Trump than Biden. So with all of the hostile government takeover, all of the firing of the IRS and the veterans and the National Park Rangers and the FAA and NIH and CDC and you know, and, and, and all these people, right?


All those terminations, all the, you know, there's more federal spending. Now when you think about it, it's like obviously, I mean, Trump's you know, you use an Air Force one and, and bring in the motorcade in, in these lavish trips and a trillion dollar military budget and all of the spending at Mar-a-Lago, hundreds of millions of dollars for PR campaigns that mock Mexicans and, and, and threaten them that are being aired in English on Fox and also aired in English in Mexico with like Christie Nome praising Donald Trump and his bizarre ad campaigns. That our taxpayer dollars are going to, you know, our taxpayer dollars are going to like torturing migrants and, and there's less people being deported under Trump than under former President Biden.


But these, these more propaganda kind of ways of doing it with that, that cost tens of millions and hundreds of millions of dollars. And, and, and so the spending is up not down the deficit's about to, this is gonna be, this budget bill is about to make the deficit go up on the low end, four or 5 trillion. How do we know that they have to raise the debt ceiling in the bill? It has to raise the debt ceiling by four or 5 trillion. That's one of the ways we know. And then of course, you know, just listen to what, you know, the, the Congressional Budget Office has said about how horrific this is. Then people are gonna be losing their Medicaid and Medicare. So don't buy the crap that Musk is selling.


And you can just see the coordinated effort, right? Wall Street Journal, you know, writes the story. He's back, he's angry, he's pissed, he's gonna go help Tesla again. He's going nowhere. He's doing the same crap that he's been doing before. Isn't it obvious? Well, let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot midas touch.com.