
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless. How they to get 30 30 bid? Get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020. Maybe get 50 15, 15, 15 15, just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch, $45 Upfront payment, equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees, extra beats lower above 40 gigabytes of detail.


Time to move, skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc license 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage. LLC In, its other markets, terms and conditions apply.


Good morning, Midas Mighty joined by my brother, Brett. Certainly not the show that I wanted to do this morning. Certainly not the mode that I wanted this channel to go in to. I was excited to build upon the rights and freedoms and projects that I think President Biden did well. But I wanna send a very clear message to all of you. The first very clear message is, is that the Midas Touch Network is not going anywhere.


This community is not going anywhere. We are going to continue to grow this community together, and we will never tire, we will never stop protecting, defending, and doing everything we can to save our democracy. That is my promise to you. My other promise to you is that we will always be in this together. We will get through this together. And I'm not going to say it's gonna be easy. I'm not gonna say this is simple, but I am going to say that we will lead with the values that we all built this network on.


And those are not values of hate. Those are not values of demeaning people. Those are not values of trying to hurt or harm or divide. It's what we've always believed this network was and is, is talking about the importance of democracy, talking about compassion, being there for our fellow Americans and frankly, fellow humans who inhabit the world. And in a space media that is pretty much now dominated by billionaire oligarchs who control the corporate media.


There's frankly no choice. We need to build a people powered pro democracy network and continue to grow. It's moving forward. I think we will increase our coverage on our federal court system, the ins and out of the Supreme Court. We will continue our coverage, of course, on all of the day-to-Day events through a pro-democracy lens, not a propaganda lens that you will see elsewhere on CNN and NBC and all these other networks that have propped up Donald, Trump You know, and IIII certainly see today people pointing fingers at other people.


That's what the oligarchical billionaires want us to do. They want this group and ethnicity to blame that group and ethnicity and that group to blame this group and this one to point at that and say it's your fault. And to divide us as Americans and as and as human beings. That's always been the strategy to get people to ultimately do things against their own very self-interest and what's better for them. And so I believe in this moment, I'm not gonna tell you how to feel.


I am not gonna, if, if you need to spend some time and, and, and, and whatever you need to do to process this, take your time and process this. And I'm not trying to make this sound like it's easy, like this is somehow theoretical or philosophical. No, I understand this hits human beings, especially marginalized communities, especially women. But what I want to make to you as a promise is that we will be here for you. We will do everything that we can to continue to grow this network, to continue to lead with our values and to do our little part each and every day.


I think rather than pointing fingers at each other and saying, well, it was this group that screwed us and that group that screwed us, and you are the one who really screwed us. I think you have to look at what were the billionaire oligarchs one, what do they want today? They love when everyone's pointing fingers at each other rather than pointing fingers at them. The real bullseye of, of the situation is, is that mostly all of our media, mostly all of it, every, almost every single aspect of it is a right wing owned entity by some corporate conglomerate at best, or a sheer right wing propagandist operation at worst.


That's basically the structure of corporate media. Even a lot of these digital websites are owned by kind of corporate overlords with You know, with agendas that they have to You know, pursue. And we saw the consequence of that here in this election. We saw the outcome of, of what that means. And so we will continue to You know videos every day. The shows go on, and we are here with all of you. And I want you to know that.


I want you to know that this community is still strong. This community will still grow and we'll be with each other every step of the way. And it, it's, it's okay to cry. It's okay to shed tears for our fellow human beings and for our democracy. But it, it's not in my heart to be idle and to allow people's rights to be trampled on. I'm not, I'm not okay with giving up.


That's not in my spirit, that's not in my, in anything about me or, or this network and our great hosts. I think we have to, in a sober way, reflect, I don't think we have to or should ever sacrifice our values. I don't, I don't, I don't think that being a good messenger means you have to demean others. I'm not gonna do that. I'm not, I'm not going to buy into that at all. But I I I, I wanted to make sure we went live so you could hear from us directly.


I want you to know that we'll be by your side. I want you to know that we have plans for the show to go on. I want you to know that we're gonna continue to report in this pro-democracy way. I want you to know that there is no giving up. Because if we just see this territory to corporate media, if we just tap out, then, then, then, then, then why? What, what, what's, what's, what does that do? What does that do? And I understand the impulse. I I, trust me, I get the impulse. I get the feeling, I get the thought sometime of like, I just can't.


I just can't anymore. I just can't. I, I understand why and, and, and, and, and I want to make sure You know that I, I hear those people, I hear you. You have every right to feel that way. But I, I'm just gonna let You know that here at this network, we're not gonna give up on you. We're not gonna give up on the Midas mighty. And we're gonna find ways to continue to grow, to continue to expand, and to embark on this generational project together. You know I've always used that term. It's a generational project.


I said there's short term stuff that needs to be done, certainly coming into this game, three and a half years versus 40 years that the right wing has had to build their ecosystem. You know, we, we, we were definitely out armed outmatch, but I think we put up a hell of a fight. But that continues. It continues together. And so I ask all of you to continue that with us, continue to grow, continue to support independent media. And again, I just thought it was so critical that in this moment where I've gotten so many calls from people, so many calls, it's my phone's been ringing off the hook the whole day where people say, what do I do?


I don't know what to do. Can you tell me what to do? And I've been saying to everybody, lead with your values. Be yourself. Don't compromise. Don't tap out. Don't give up. You owe it to yourself, to your family, to this country and to this world. And there's hope at the end of darkness. There's hope at the end of this period of deep confusion and uncertainty. There's hope. And we'll continue to build and move towards that.


And we'll lead, as I said, with the values that I hope you've appreciated about this network and what's differentiated it. So from the bottom of my heart, thank you. And it's a different mode, as I said when I started this video, but it is a moment that we're prepared to meet Brett. Yeah, nice words, Ben and hello to all the Midas mighty. And thank you for being with us through the good times and the bad times. And now is obviously one of those. It falls into the ladder a category. I, I mean, You know, we gotta be honest, right? Today's a it's a dark day for America, and it's difficult to find the right words for the moment that we're in.


And we certainly don't have all the answers, but You know, here we are. And despite everything that we've seen of Donald Trump, his attempts to overthrow our democracy, his attacks on free speech, the stripping away of women's rights, his felony convictions, his stealing of classified documents, his Epstein relationship, his disastrous handling of covid, the fact that he tanked the economy. I, I, I mean, I could go on and on and on and on, but you get it, that this is something we all have to confront here at this network and in this country. And I'm still trying to make sense of it all, and I know you are as well. And You know, one of the tough things is that it's difficult because it's incongruent with a lot of the things that we have seen, especially in the past few weeks and few months.


I mean, we saw voters abandoning Trump in the primaries. We saw these empty rallies, we saw close insiders to Donald Trump raising the alarms. We saw all these things that we've never seen in American history happening. And on the other, on the other side, we had Vice President Harris's campaign, which had messages of hope and unity and actual policies and, and it was all about the American dream. And yet that's not what the American people chose at the end of the day. And I think that's what's shocking to me and You know what's most troubling is that we've seen so much progress over these past few years. And you would hope that would mean something. You would hope that would mean something. You would hope having historically low unemployment in a record, high stock market and wage growth, outpacing inflation and, and us being the best at inflation, beating inflation ever better than any country in the entire world, and leading on climate and energy independence and everything, right?


You would think that successful governance would mean something to people, but it went completely unrecognized. And this propaganda unfortunately worked and the American people decided that they wanted to bring back the person who caused all of that damage. And so that's where we are right now. And I just need you to understand this kind of media landscape that we're in, right? We face this corporate media that has networks like CNN and newspapers and and whatnot who are pushing messages that sane wash the reality of what's going on that downplay the actual threats of Donald Trump that at a time in the most crucial period of our country's history, declined to even endorse a candidate.


Took that extraordinary measure. I mean, it's insane. It's absolutely insane that that's, that, that's like the corporate media that we have that's supposed to be protecting us, right? That's the fourth estate. Then on one side you have networks, you got Fox and you have newsmax, which are pure propaganda. They're designed to be propaganda networks and, and you have billions and billions of dollars behind that. And then the new thing, this election cycle that really rose was all of this, this digital ecosystem that rose up You know, and obviously we get, we get a ton of views here. We have a ton of reacher at the Midas Touch Network, but there was this MAGA dominated digital ecosystem that was funded by billionaires.


They poured billions and billions and billions and billions of dollars into this. and that includes Twitter, which was purchased by Elon Musk and turned into a propaganda machine to radicalize people. That includes all of these other sort of right wing networks, including like the tenant medias that were founded by Russia, that were funded by Russia and, and things like that. And so I think people need to realize that we're up against, it's really a David and Goliath story right now, and we are up against this massive machine, this really well-funded machine that has never existed before in history, that is able to reach people farther in history.


The good news is that we here at the Midas Touch Network are also able to reach a lot of people, and we're going to continue to grow. And I think what we've accomplished in these past few years alone has been absolutely incredible. And so I hope that pro-democracy forces out there understand that now is the time to be focused on alternative forms of media. If you wanna call us that it's now the time to invest in alternative media networks because we gotta understand the, the, the fourth estate as we knew it isn't gonna save us. That's what we found the entire time, the entire time, what did we see them do? We saw them criticize every positive development from the Biden Harris administration, and we saw them sane wash every crazy thing that Donald Trump said.


And we were all looking at each other like, what is going on here? How could they possibly be treating this person? Like he's a normal guy. How could they say Donald Trump gave a riveting speech on the economy when he was giving oral sex to a microphone or whatever he was doing that day. I mean, these were like the headlines that we saw, and it was just You know, so appalling and shocking to us. But y You know, I I think that's why our fight matters. You know now more than ever. I mean, we, we can't rely on the fourth estate to protect democracy. We certainly aren't gonna rely on this right wing media ecosystem that has cropped up. It's up to us. And you and You know us being you and a few other pro-democracy creators out there.


And I hope that more rise up. But we need to build this platform even bigger than ever, because this sort of media has never been more important, has never been more critical. And at the end of the day, we won't give up mainly because we, we can't give up. We, the stakes are too high. We can't give up, and we hope that you feel the same as well. So with that, I wanna again, thank you for all your support. And as Ben said, I think it's important to reflect on your feelings, And, let them out You know, don't feel bad if you are devastated, because I am too.


Truthfully, don't feel like you need to hold in your tears. Don't feel like you need to put on a happy face and act like everything's okay. And I'm not gonna tell you that everything's okay. It's, it's not, not my job, not what I'm gonna do. But I will tell you that we are going to be here, we're gonna do our job. We're gonna report the news, we're going to get these messages out, and we will be a check on power like nobody has ever seen before. Because if our institutions won't be a check on power, if the media institutions won't be a check on power, that basically leaves us and you this community. So we need you, we need you, Midas mighty.


That's my call to action right now. We need you to fight with us. We need you to join us. We need you to keep your head up after it's all settled. Then, by the way, if you need to take a day, if you need to take a week, if you need to take a month, you need to chill. I get it. If you need to be like, this is all too much, I can't watch, I get it. But I'm telling you, we're gonna be here, we're gonna be reporting the news. We're gonna be covering Donald Trump. We're going to be covering him accurately. We're not going to be sane washing the things that he does. We're gonna be covering what happens in Congress. We're gonna be covering what happens in the house and the Senate. We're gonna cover what happens across the country.


And you could see how quickly the country could shift in just the single election in a two year period. And so, now's the fight of our lives, and it's an honor to be in this fight with you all. And I just wanna send my love to all of you And, let You know that we are here in solidarity with you, and that we will always be by your side. And Jordy, it's, it's great to see you here. Do you, do you have anything to add? Jay? You guys both put it perfectly. I just want to reiterate, it's okay to feel what you're feeling right now. Midas mighty. Trust me, I read everything. I see the comments, I get the dms, I read all your tweets. I, I I, I see it. And so I know everyone's feeling what they're feeling right now.


And it might differ from person to person, but as Brett and Ben said, it's okay to feel whichever way you're feeling and exactly to Brett's point, if you need to take a day, a week, a month, a couple we're here for you. The Midas Touch Network is not going anywhere. You know. We're gonna double down on how we report the news and how we check corporate media for their sane washing of this utterly despicable behavior that led to the reelection of this deranged person. We're here for you. We're not going anywhere. There is deep love in this community. The Midas mighty are truly the best, the best pro-democracy, pro-democracy warriors that frankly e exist.


We're here for you guys whenever you need us. And again, we're not going anywhere. So thank you all for continuing to fight alongside us whenever that is. We're here for you guys no matter what, and we're gonna be doing our part every single day to hold truth to power. So thank you guys for everything. I I wanna see this too. If I can, could everybody who's watching this right now, could you put a blue heart in the comments? Throw some blue hearts in the comments right now. I want just to show everybody how many people are here right now and how many people feel the way that you feel and how many people are standing in solidarity with you. Because in community, that is our strength, and we need to continue to show our strength and show that there are a lot of us out there who still care about our democracy, who still care about the American experiment.


And it's great to see everybody doing that right now. I just wanna show you, these are all real people who are affected by this. These are all people who care about our country, who care about the values that we've been espousing here. And I'm so grateful that you guys are, are in this with us and understand your role and what you are playing in all of this right now. To that point, Brett, there are currently 46,000 people who are watching this live right now. 46,000 people. And we just went live without saying there was gonna be a show 46,000 people joined.


That's like a football stadium or a baseball stadium filled with pro-democracy, loving people without even telling people when the game was gonna take place. That's not a testament to us. We're messengers. We're part of this community. It's a testament to you and what you have all built here. I saw people say, kind of need a support group right now. I I, this network can become a pro-democracy network and we can support each other. And I see the comments by some trolls in the chat, but I'm, I I, that doesn't make me happy to be ever be a troll.


This community is not about attacking each other. If, if you're here and you're trolling, I want you to experience actually what it looks like to have a football stadium filled up with people who actually love our democracy and love our constitution, and people who are sad right now because certain freedoms have been taken away from people that we loved. That's, if, if you want to troll on that, then, then, then go ahead. But we're always gonna lead here with our values.


I saw some people saying, hope is gone. Hope is not gone. You have the right to be scared. You have the right to feel fear. Hope is not gone. There is certainly a setback, big setback. But I, I really ask you, do not lose your hope. Do not lose your will and your drive to just be a good human being each and every day. And to make sure that those in your community, those in your family, those in your loved ones, that you, you're spread doing your best to spread positivity and to be helpful in life, in, in this, in this short period of time that we all get to spend together, we're going to use each and every day from here on out again, to just be a voice of positivity, to tell the news, to call out the corruption.


And we'll be here again, each and every step of the way. And, and you can think about it if you want, like a support group or a network or however you wanna do it. But most importantly, I want you to know we're not going anywhere. They may try to pull us back, but we're, we're, we're, we're not going back. And we're gonna do everything we can in a world filled of billionaire oligarchs to, to build this. And again, just think about it, right here again, 50,000 people right now, 50. Think about that. 50,000 people here at this moment, virtually shoulder to shoulder.


Do you, do you, you think if, if CNN went live right now, they can get on YouTube, they could get 50,000 people to join live, right? No, they couldn't. You think A, B, C could? No, they couldn't. You think NBC could? No, they couldn't. We cannot seed this territory to them. We're not going to seed this territory to them. A people powered media network is necessary right now. It's needed right now. And we're going to continue that mission. So I want you to know too, that we're here for you.


We're gonna keep growing. It's my own view that, and you may disagree, but it's my own view that right now a media network that gets out, the actual truth is needed more than ever needed, more than ever at this very moment. I'm positive about that. And in order to accomplish that, we need you. We need to keep growing. We need to keep getting out these messages each and every day. And that's my promise to you that that's what we are going to do.


So again, thank you from the bottom of our heart. If you haven't subscribed, make sure you hit subscribe. Turn the notifications on. I I want you to know that the content that we're going to be putting out though, if you're wondering it, it, it, it, it is over the next You know few days as well. It, it's gonna be very intentional. Maybe there's not gonna be videos every 60 minutes like we used to do for now, because I understand too that like probably doing so many videos every day, we all need You know some, some time.


And we don't wanna just go video, video, video, video. But I think that we will, I know we will be making videos that are very intentional, that are directed about how we grow this pro-democracy community together. What we can do, and, and, and if I may, I really want to give of course, a shout out to the core of this network, which is all of you, the Midas mighty. This is your network. This is the network you built. This is the network that when it goes live, 50,000 people immediately join. It's your network. So I really mean this.


Do not give up. Do not lose hope. I haven't lost hope. I will be here with you every step of the way. I have not lost hope. In fact, my spirit has been buoyed. I am more ready than ever right now to meet this challenge, to meet this moment. And I'll be here with you each and every step of the way. But I'd be remiss if I also didn't talk about some of the great hosts that we have on this network. And they're all superstars. Whether it's the legal af channel that's led by Michael Poppa and Karen Friedman, Magnio and others, the legal af YouTube channel, Adam Mahler's channel, Adam Moakler, gen Z.


I mean, he's a superstar. He has about 700,000 subscribers. I wanna try to get his platform to a million subscribers. I think you gotta give a shout out as well to Michael Cohen who's on the network, who put it all on the line. So thank you so much. Michael Cohen, his YouTube channel at the Michael Cohen show. You have Tennessee Brando blue.in a red state. He's been incredible to work with. Such a voice of reason. And it's been incredible. And, and, and, and then just all of our hosts from Anthony Davis who helped last night to Dina Dahl, who's been incredible.


I could go on and literally list the 50 hosts that are on this network. But they've done an incredible job. They've worked tirelessly. And so I wanted to, I wanted to thank them as well. So the show goes on. We fight for our democracy. We become the resistance to fascism together. Every day. We fill football stadiums together. 50,000 people, 60,000 people, a hundred thousand people. Let's get this to 500,000 people. Let's get this to a million people every single day. And I know how you're feeling right now, but I'm asking you one question before we go.


and that question is, are you with us? Are you with me? 'cause I am with you. And if you're with me right now, all 50,000 of you, please put the blue heart. Please put the blue heart emoji because I'm with you. Are you with us? And are we going to not be idle, not let fascism take over? Are we gonna do this together? Are we gonna grow? Are we gonna grow? I promise you we're gonna work our asses off each and every day for you. We love you. God bless you. God bless our troops.


God bless Ukraine. God bless nato. God bless the United States of America. Thank you for watching. And shout out to the Midas mighty Jor. Shout out to the Midas mighty.