
Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and as AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com cancel anytime terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Well, Donald Trump's having quite the morning. He woke up finding that at the Department of Housing and Urban Development, they're playing AI videos of Donald Trump kissing Elon Musk's feet. Very weird. Donald Trump then went on a posting tear to just post lots of things that have the number billions in front of him. So he goes, investments in the US under President Trump. $14.1 billion bid from nip on steel. $20 billion from Hussein Swanni, $500 billion over four years from Apple, 500 billion over four years from Stargate, 600 billion from Saudi Arabia. I feel like it's Dr. Eva $1 trillion, just putting up numbers while he's like crashing our economy, taking away people's Medicaid, gutting our federal government, taking America out of our alliances.


He's posting more about Apple has just announced a record, $500 billion investment in the United States of America. Look, Apple's an American company and it invest billions of dollars all the time. It's, yes, Donald Apple is a big company. And isn't this one of the biggest tells when he starts going down this route that he knows that people are pissed about the way he's handling everything. I showed a poll earlier this morning where it's like, close to 80% of Americans feel the economy is heading in the wrong direction. Donald Trump Grifting, of course, selling bizarre pens. Get your pen today. He then keeps on posting that Elon is doing a great job, but I wanna see him get more aggressive.


Donald Trump says, and then it's email after email to his subscribers and to his people on his listserv saying, you wanna come to Mar-a-Lago? I don't invite anybody to my luxurious home, but I'll, I'll invite you, I'll invite you. Let me bring in Congress member Raja, Krishna Mothy, Congress member. What the heck in the world is going on here? People are, people are rising up though. People are pissed. Hey, they are. You know, I think that you might've seen it, but as polls are poll numbers are dipping now as people are paying attention to what's happening here. You know, some people talk about DEII, I also talk about it, you know, Doge Elon and incompetence, and it is out of control, my friend.


And we're seeing it kind of lay, you know, wreckage across the government landscape. My constituents made almost a thousand phone calls into our office the day that they learned that Elon Musk had access to, you know, private information on the federal payment service. They don't want any part of that. And these are Republicans, democrats, and independents who are calling in. They aren't just Democrats, they aren't just liberals. They are people across the political spectrum. The more they learn, I think there is buyer remorse that's ta taking hold as well. You know, we've been covering these town halls of your Republican colleagues, and we're talking about in Ruby Red areas we talked about like Georgia's seventh, Oregon's fifth, the really red areas in Wisconsin.


Oklahoma's first. And you know, there are Republicans, libertarians who are there and saying, what the heck you're giving? Why are you giving my medical records and my private data to Elon? And it's so bizarre. 'cause these like MAGA Republican Congress members have been living in Elon's algorithm. They look like legitimately like frozen and stunned. This is MAGA Republican representative Grothman. Just watch this and I'll get your reaction to it. Calling those people with different abilities, leaches and losers, and that they're reaching off the system. I, yes, I have heard it from their own own posts. Did Elon Losers don't believe it.


If you don't believe it can read it, you're in denial. I'll Google it. Google it. Well, Congress member Grothman says he doesn't believe it. Do you believe it? Yeah, I do. And I think that these town halls are, are an indication that, you know, constituents are restless. They don't like what they're seeing. They don't like the fact that, you know, the Republicans are proposing upwards of $2.3 trillion in cuts to Medicaid. Think about that. That's almost a third of Medicaid. That would mean tens of millions of Americans losing access to their sole source of healthcare. And so Ben, you know, this, this is, this is a, this is a program, numerous programs like this, touch Democrats, republicans, independents in blue states and red states.


And I think that, you know, people are su suddenly kind of becoming aware of just the consequences of what's about to happen and why do they want these cuts. That's the other question that people are asking. Well, it turns out the answer is to fund tax cuts, tax cuts for billionaires, oligarchs, oligarchs, special interests, you name it. And that just causes the smoke to come out of people's ears as well. You know, it's like these republicans have been so entrenched in Twitter, which is now X. They like live through these memes and people need their Medicaid and their Medicare and their healthcare and, and they want answers.


And people are not satisfied with the dumb, excuse my language, dumb shit that Elon is posting on his social media. They want oversight. And they're just saying, that's right. Why don't you just have this guy show up and testify then? And even your Republican colleagues are like, nah, nah, nah, it's Elon. He's a billionaire. You know, we wouldn't do anything wrong. Why would he testify? I mean, that's, that's kind of like, that's crazy. It is. We were one vote short of having him testify before the oversight committee when we tried to subpoena him. But can I say one other thing that is wigging people out, really getting people upset, which is avian flu. This avian flu thing is out of control.


It's causing the price of eggs and other groceries to skyrocket for that matter. You might've seen this, but prices have gone up since Donald Trump became president. They've gone up. Not only that, but the stock market gains have disappeared since Donald Trump became president. And so people are starting to notice that their 4 0 1 Ks are down, prices of groceries are up, sickness is up through Avian flu, but also there's outbreaks of salmonella, outbreaks of listeria. And what is this guy focused on? He actually has an executive order banning paper straws. And I'm not making that up.


I actually, I, I hope that your viewers go and look at this. He has a executive order on paper straws. So that's kind of the types of priorities that Donald Trump has right now. Oh, I, I'm all over paper Straw gate. So my audience does, I play that clip over and over again. But Congressman, walk through with us this issue about Elon Musk testifying before the Oversight committee, because I hear a lot of people saying, then just have him testify. Have him justify everything that he's doing the same way an FBI director would, at least in the Biden administration. We'll see what happens with Patel and Bino, which we'll get to in a moment as well.


You would have the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs and the Biden Union, the Ag Merrick Garland would show up. These people show up, right? So why can't Elon, why, why, who's voting where, why is this being blocked? Because he'd have to tell the truth, Ben, he'd be under oath. You'd have to put your hand up and actually swear to tell the truth under penalty of perjury. And that is why he's not appearing. And I think it's time. Who's Protecting him though? Who's protecting him? Our Republican colleagues. They don't want him to come up there and have to, to testify. And oh, by the way, you know, he's, he's constantly threatening these Republicans if they don't do things that he wants.


You may be getting to this, but the one of the reasons why, you know, the Republicans in the Senate rubber stamped such controversial figures as Seth and Tulsi Gabbard and Cash Patel and RFK Jr. Is because Elon Musk threatened each of the wavering senators with primary battles that he would fund with his pack. And so he's threatening people and they're doing his bidding, and one of them is not bringing him to testify before the house. You know, and speaking about some of these controversial picks, Congress member, we learned on Sunday night that Dan Bonino, who's never worked in the FBI, is going to be the deputy director of the FBI.


I'll just show you this quick clip of this guy. The thing that matters is what, Chad, what matters? Anyone? Power. Power. You can see what I'm power. That is all that matters. No, it doesn't. Damn. We have a system of checks and balances. That's good one. That's really funny. We do. I mean, what, what, what in the world? I mean, just what, what in the world is this? I mean, you know, Americans who aren't perpetually glued to Elon's memes and I guess right wing podcast culture, I mean, you know, hard work and Americans who are working on the farms, working in the factories, you know, supporting their family, working for the federal government, you know, raising families, they watching this and they're like, it's a gut, it's a gut punch, right?


Like it's, it's every day is like a, is like a, oh, what, what, what do you That's right. What do you tell the American people right now? Well, I, what I tell them is that please hold us accountable in Washington. I'm talking about Republicans and Democrats. We have to get this better. We have to do something about this. This is unacceptable. And that starts with, I think, three things. One, we have to lift up and speak up and speak out about these stories that are repeatedly popping up about people getting hurt by these moves with the executive orders. And we have to rally public opinion around reversing these executive orders and these decisions by the Trump administration.


Secondly, there is a litigation strategy both inside of Congress from the committees, but also outside of Congress from the state attorneys generals and not-for-profits. Third, we have our votes and we're going to be required to vote on a budget. We're gonna be required to vote on a debt ceiling in the next month. And I personally think that those votes, you know, obviously if there's a shutdown or if we can't get a debt ceiling increase that lies at the feet of the Republicans because they have majority, they have a trifecta. However, if they're gonna come to us to rescue them, they're going to be conditions. And then fourth, we have to hold them accountable.


We have to make sure that everyone knows exactly how our Republican colleagues are voting, especially in those marginal districts. Because just as there is a project 2025, there needs to be a project 2026, taking back the house and then Project 2028, taking back the White House. That is what we need to be focused on right now. All four of those things. Congress member, Raja, Krishna, mothy, a Midas Touch fan favorite. Thanks for coming on. Thank you buddy. Everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 750,000 followers.