
This episode is brought to you by MeUndies underwear. Drawers are like the wild west. You never know what you're gonna pull out or what shape it's in. So upgrade your collection with the buttery soft comfort of MeUndies. MeUndies signature fabric is as soft as a warm hug from your favorite sweater. Plus it's breathable and oh so comfy, making it ideal for all day wear. Get 20% off your first order plus free shipping at MeUndies dot com slash spotify with code Spotify. That's MeUndies dot com slash spotify. Code Spotify


Super Bowl 59 1 Game two teams endless possibilities. And there's no better way to make every play more exciting than with FanDuel Sportsbook. Whether you're predicting the first touchdown, who will take home the MVP trophy or the coin toss. FanDuel makes it easy to place your bets and feel the thrill of every moment. With live betting all game long, you can jump into the action, adjust your bets, and ride the wave of excitement from kickoff to the final whistle. Plus, to make the Super Bowl even sweeter, new customers can score 200 bucks. When you make your first bet, just place a $5 bet, and If you win, you'll get 200 in. Bonus bets. Download the app or head to FanDuel dot com slash bet. Big and bet with FanDuel official partner of Super Bowl 59 Must be 21 plus and present in select states for Kansas in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Call 1 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7, or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 Support in Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York,


Prices are not getting lower. Housing is not getting more affordable. There's not peace in Ukraine in 24 hours. It seems that every day Donald Trump breaks another 20 promises. And this is hurting Americans, hurting Americans in the pocketbook, hurting America's standing internationally. Folks, even Fox is turning against Trump on some of their more newsy segments. I get here, watch what they said earlier in the day. Let's play it. A lot of people in the country are talking about eggs. Yeah. And the lack thereof right now. Right. I have a, I have a sister who lives in Austin, Texas. They said they can't find eggs anywhere, Costco and beyond, although I went and looked for her.


You can go about 30 minutes and you can find eggs on the shelf. Yeah. But egg prices are, there's no doubt they're way up. I know anybody who does the grocery store grocery shopping that's listening to this is going, they're crazy. I know. In fact, I mean, the prices that we have here, that's an average. I feel like most people are going My egg, the eggs I see on my shelf are way more, and I, and I enjoy my eggs too. So this is, This is certainly, And it's not just egg prices, it's all prices in general. You're seeing MAGA people are sending us messages as well, like this right here, you know, saying, what's going on with these egg prices? And they're complaining. And then you even have MAGA Republican congress members who are going on and they're talking about their priorities, and they're saying, Americans need to experience pain.


Pain for Elon Musk, for Donald Trump. The budget's gonna be filled with pain here, play this clip. See a menu of options that'll come out in March. And it will be littered with a collection of ideas, some of which Americans are gonna really not be before. But hey, if we don't sacrifice, if we don't understand that this is gonna be a painful process, nothing's going to change. I'm joined by the newly elected chair of the DNC Ken Martin. You got your handful, Mr. Martin, what do you say in response to all of that? Well, look, it's only been three weeks. And Elon Musk has already shown that he's the worst president that the US has ever had.


And so, in all honesty, I mean, this is the guy that was put in charge to bring efficiency to our government. The last thing he cares about is actually helping improve people's lives. Him and Donald Trump. Basically, you have this, this government now that's been bought in by the billionaires. The billionaires have one thing in mind, which is to make the most amount of profit they can off the backs of hard work in men and women in this country. You know, I don't know how in the hell changing the name of the Gulf of of Mexico to the Gulf of America is gonna help anyone in this country right now. I don't know how, you know, eliminating the free tax filing system is gonna help, you know, middle class Americans and working class Americans who file their taxes for free right now, it's only gonna help the billionaires who own TurboTax as an example.


Right. You know, Elon Musk now controls all of our social security number, has access to almost all of our private data. What do you think he's gonna do with that as a tech pirate? He's gonna take that data and he is gonna sell it to the highest bidder. I mean, this is what our country's become. You know, this billionaire cabinet is worth $460 billion. Not the top 1%, by the way. It's the top 100th of 1% has now bought our federal government. And they could give a damn about actually helping working people in this country. And clearly the last three weeks have proven that, You know, you can tell that it's even permeating the fox Babbel their echo chamber where they had to discuss it.


And then, you know, the pivot is, we gotta feel pain. Like If you are pa, this is what they're saying on the MAGA side. If you are a patriot, you gotta, you gotta sacrifice for Donald Trump and, and Elon Musk Americans, I mean, didn't Donald Trump say he was gonna lower prices on day one? That there was gonna be more jobs, so much jobs, you weren't even gonna know what to do with all of these jobs. Didn't he say there was going to be peace in Ukraine in 24 hours? So what do you say to all of these, you know, Americans who are like, whoa, whoa, whoa. What, what do you, you're talking about, I think Trump was talking about on Friday, plastic straws, the big one, everybody thinks about how, how much we need plastic straws.


What do you say to the American public? Well, again, I mean, look, he said he was going to bring down the cost of goods on day one. He hasn't done that. In fact, cost of eggs are, have increased dramatically. He's done nothing at all in the first three weeks, either him or his co-president, Elon Musk, to actually bring down the cost of goods in this country and to help everyday Americans who are working their asses off to get ahead in life. You know, he made a lot of promises. At this point. He hasn't delivered on any one of them. He seems to be focused on anything but helping the American people at this point, only trying to help his billionaire friends make as much money as they can. And as you said, and you heard from those clips, inflict as much pain on the American people as possible only so they can make off with as much money as they can at the expense of all of us.


That's what this is really about. And I've said for the last few weeks here, you know, whose side are we really? On? Whose side is Donald Trump on? Right. I know which side he's on. He's on the side of these modern day robber barons who are essentially trying to pill for the US government, make as much money as they can and do nothing, absolutely nothing to make a difference in my life or your life. So Ken, you're in the hot seat now. One of the most important jobs, DNC chair, also sometimes one of the most thankless jobs as the DNC chair, but incredibly important. And you know, so the question I get asked, and I know the question I'm sure you're hearing right away, and you were hearing as you were running for DNC chair, is, where are the Democrats?


What are the Democrats gonna do? When are we gonna see them fighting? And people don't just want to hear, well, Republicans control the House and the Senate and the Supreme Courts. Right? I, i, look, I think we need to educate people that that's the reality. But I think people wanna see fighters. They wanna see people out there. What do you say to people when they say, Ken, congratulations. What are you gonna do for me now? Well, as I said just a couple days ago, right after I, I was elected, they asked me, what's your message for Donald Trump? And my message is, we're coming. We're taking the gloves off, we're gonna throw a punch and we're gonna land a punch. That's, that's what I'm bringing to this. At the end of the day, we need everyone to stand up right now when the stakes are so high for the American people, if people around this country don't see us standing up and fighting back, fighting back, and pushing back hard, how in the hell are they gonna believe that when they put us back in power, that we're gonna fight for their lives then?


Right. And so it's incumbent upon us right now at this moment, to stand up to the excesses and extremes of this administration that are not only shattering lives of people throughout this country, but they're destroying communities. So look, we have to resist, but we can do both at the same time. We can walk and chew gum at the same time, which is, we can also define ourselves while we're also resisting Donald Trump. And that was one of the lessons of the last election, frankly, in my opinion, is we didn't do a good enough job of giving people in this country a sense of who we are as Democrats, what we're fighting for, and why. So we've gotta do both. But let me tell you right now, what we've seen these last few weeks should incense all Americans.


And it's, it's incumbent upon Democrats to get themselves off the mat, dust themselves off, and get themselves in the fight. This is the fight of our life right now. And people across the country are watching, they're watching us closely. They wanna see us fight. In 2016, someone said to me, the Republicans are shameless, but the Democrats are spineless. It's time that the Democratic party grows a spine and starts throwing a punch. Let's talk about how you would define the Democratic party in 2025. You know, one of the things that I've been saying, I've been saying a few things. One, A, B, C, always be campaigning and DBD Democrats be Democrats. And you don't need to chase being, in my view, Republican light or just a form of being a Republican.


Stand up for workers. Be proud of what your principles and values are. 'cause If you actually look at the polling, most Americans actually aligned. But I think one of the weaknesses is like, I don't know, Democrats get psyched out by all the right wing disinformation. They let Fox set the narrative and then somehow we're, we we're chasing that and we're like a lighter version of some of their stuff. I'm like, just stand for workers. Stand up. So you talk about defining Democrats right now, we need to go on the offense. How would you, how would you define what you wanna see the Democratic Party be in 2025 moving forward under your leadership? Well, look, I, I think it has to be fiercely focused on a working class agenda.


Given people a sense that we recognize that they can't afford their groceries, right? And we're gonna help bring down costs as Democrats. We're gonna make sure that that working class people can not just get by, but can get ahead, can actually retire with dignity, can actually save a few more pennies to maybe afford a vacation, right? Have access to good quality education, and of course, access to healthcare, right? You can go down the list of all the things that people struggle with on a daily basis. Those kitchen table issues that so many Americans are feeling like the US government and politicians don't give a damn about anymore. And so that's what we have to be fierce, fiercely focused on. I will tell you this, that, you know, there was research that came out last spring that showed that for the first time ever, the two perceptions of the two political parties has switched.


The majority of Americans now believe that the Republican Party best represents the interests of the working class and the poor. And the democratic party is the party of the wealthy and the elites. That is a damn indictment on our party. That's not who we are at all. So we've gotta get back to basics. We've gotta show people who are working so hard, who still believe in the American dream that if they work hard, they can climb the economic ladder and achieve success. That is still possible. And that has to be our message. We have to focus on those kitchen table issues, those struggles that everyday struggles with childcare costs, with rising home costs, with, with not being able to afford groceries or gas. These are all things that create economic anxiety.


And that's where the Democratic party has to be focused. You know, I always say, you know, while Democrats may have been fighting for workers or firefighters or first responders, Donald Trump would show up to the fire station with that six hour cold pizza and stand with them and then get people to vote against their own interests. And I've always said, Democrats, go a, B, C, always be campaign. Go to the fire department, hang out with the fired workers, hang out with the workers. Be there because your values actually align as well. But you gotta look people in the eyes and you gotta say to people, people want hear it. I'm with you. I feel your struggle. Let me shake your hand. That's, lemme give you the final word, Ken, about what you wanna say to people about the beginning of your tenure.


Any message you want to give to the people. Well, I just wanna reflect on what you said about the A, B, C. Always be campaigning, right? That's part of what I campaigned on for this position, which is we need a permanent campaign right now that's not just showing up four months before an election and starting a conversation with a voter, right? But doing exactly what you're talking about, showing up in the union halls, right? Showing up at the shift changes, showing up in community well before an election, and building a durable relationship with a voter around their hopes, their dreams, their aspirations, and not just asking them to vote for our party or our candidate. That also means having a communications infrastructure that is always campaigning all the time. Unfortunately, we don't live in this conventional wisdom of people just paying attention in the last five months of an election.


Unfortunately, we live in a perpetual campaign, which means our party needs to be always campaigning, which is why I am going to stand up a permanent campaign at the DNC. We're gonna get out there, talk to voters, and most importantly, we're gonna get back to organizing and building relationships with voters around shared values and about their hopes and dreams. Look, we've got a lot of work to do with very little time, but you know what? We've all gotta roll up our sleeves, get ourselves in this fight, and realize that American people are relying on us to stand up and fight for them because they feel forgotten. They feel left behind, they feel drop, downtrodden, and they feel like no one gives a damn. I give a damn. I know our party gives a damn, and we've gotta get back in this fight.


And Martin, newly elected chair of the DNC, excited to see what you do next. Thanks for joining us. Thank you so much. Everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers by the end of this weekend. Thanks for watching. Can't get enough Midas, check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.