
Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free, or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes. Without the ads,


Donald Trump keeps poking and poking Canada. Big mistake, Donald, that that ridiculous cabinet meeting he had yesterday. Here's what he said, let's play it. It's Not fair for us to be supporting Canada, and if we don't support 'em, they don't subsist as a, as a nation, Don't subsist as a nation. I'm here with Canadian member of Parliament, Charlie Angus. You saw what he was saying yesterday at the cabinet meeting. What's your response to him? You know, I think the thing in Canada is, is we're just getting really tired of this. This guy's, this guy's a convicted felon.


He's a sexual predator. He just keeps poking us. He turned what could have been a really fun game. I mean, nothing better than a good hockey rivalry. He turned it into a hate fest. And Canadians were determined we were gonna win that. What I'm, my sense on the ground right now is whether he brings tariffs or not, we're in this to win and we're in this to push back. So every time Donald pushes us, it actually is destroying what's left of mega maple in Canada and it's making everyone else say, yeah, okay, he wants to fight. I'm up for it. I got little old lady grandmothers who are telling me they're going out to do whatever they gotta do. They're gonna fight because Donald just doesn't get it.


The more he pushes, the more determined we are to push back. As Jeremiah Johnson said, this is one of the most astonishing polling charts I've ever seen. Trump's impact on Canadian politics is insane. You see the support of Maple MAGA crashing, that's the Pierre Pev conservative party, and now you see under a Mark Kearney liberal party. Now your NDP party, but under the Kearney party, the liberal party now is, seems like they're on the verge of being able to, to form a government potentially, which no one thought If you went back two or three months ago, was a possibility.


Have you ever seen anything like you, you've been in Canadian politics for a long time. Have you ever seen anything like this? Well, I do wanna say that I've been feeling for a long time that this mega maple thing in Canada was going to run its course. The fact that it's dropped as dramatically as it has. Thanks, Donald. You've done us a favor. Because pure poly pev and his politics are toxic. It's hate politics. It's the pitchforks politics of blame and hate and rage. And I always felt that Canadians weren't going to go there. But once Elon Musk tells Canadians how much he likes p Pierre Pollier, well, you can bet that that's gonna kill the conservative brand, and they don't know what to do right now. So they're scrambling.


Whether or not Mark Carney's gonna be fully ascended, I don't know. But what I think is we're gonna see the conservative numbers in Canada drop a lot more because people are looking at Project 2025, they're looking at the rage and destruction that Donald Trump is unleashing and the alienation that he's creating around the world, and Canadians are thinking, okay, so if this is what MAGA looks like, there's no damn way we're gonna vote for it in Canada. So he's certainly damaged his allies in Canada, but then who are his real allies? It looks like his real allies are North Korea and Russia. You know, there would've been a time that any American leader who wanted to side with Russia and North Korea would've been obviously identified as a traitor to the nation and a traitor to American values.


And now CNN saying, oh, it's, he's being unorthodox. So Donald's picking his allies in the world, and it's certainly alienating his real allies. And Canada is not gonna go down that road with him. Talk about this petition to revoke Elon Musk's citizenship in Canada that you've been supporting. I think it's gonna be one of the most widely distributed and signed petitions in the history of Canadian, of Canada in general. Tell us about what's going on there. Well, the great thing about Canadian democracies, people can bring petitions forward to parliament on anything. They can bring it on highway safety, they can bring it on natural health products. Sometimes a petition gets 500 or a thousand or 6,000 people to sign.


What you need is a parliamentarian who's willing to bring it forward. So when I saw this petition about stripping Elon Musk, who's never been a Canadian of a citizenship, I thought, okay, I'll support that. Now, I, I know for a fact that a petition does not have the legal power to strip a citizen citizenship from anybody, nor should it. But what this does is it sends a message because Canadians in their DNA hate extremists and fascists, it's, it's in bred in our bone. I call it the Juno Beach from D-Day Gene that's within all Canadians. So when we see Elon Musk giving the Nazi salute at the Trump inauguration, when we see him supporting far right extremists in Germany, when we see him saying that Canada isn't even a real country, just like Putin said, Ukraine wasn't a country.


You can bet the Canadians think this guy doesn't represent anything of our values. So what's happened was a petition that I thought might get a couple of thousand signatures, I don't know. We're about, we're above the 300,000 mark, which is unprecedented. We will be perhaps the largest petition in Canadian history, and it's sending a message to our government that we don't wanna have any dealings with this guy. We wanna make sure that our election system cannot be interfered with by X. We don't want any more deals with starlink. We don't want Tesla and the douche panzers that he's bringing over the border, Canadians are sending a message. So this, this petition has gone off like wildfire. And what it reminds, I think it's really important to understand ordinary Canadians are way out front on this fight.


Politicians are catching up, they're still scratching their heads, they're not sure what they should do. Ordinary Canadians get it. We're in a fight for democracy. We're in a fight for our values, and we're in a fight against tyranny. And when that fight's on the table, that's when Canadians show up. The Midas Touch podcast is now the number one most downloaded podcast in all of Canada, beating all of the Canadian news channels and entertainment channels. So where can people find, we know we have a lot of Canadian listeners and viewers if they want to join this petition and they're not already signed on, what, what do they do? This is, it's really important. I think what Midas Touch has been doing in Canada is really important work because I, I, again, nothing against the, the traditional media, but I think they live in a box and, and they're uncomfortable stepping outside the box, but we know that we're dealing in very dark times.


We're dealing with, you know, basically fascist threats. And so people are looking for clear answers. And it's been really amazing in my journey as a, as a member of Parliament, particularly representing a large working class constituency, ordinary working class voters stop me in the grocery store. They're watching the Midas Touch because they understand the seriousness of this issue. So to support the get rid of Elon Musk outta Canada petition, I mean, all you gotta do is type in Elon Musk citizenship petition and it'll take you to it. We're like, we're adding thousands and thousands of members or petitions by the day.


And, and you know, I'm hoping some of our American friends might think of a similar petition because look at the chaos he's causing with Doge. This guy is not any of our friends. He's not a friend of democracy. Let's kick his rear end back to South Africa. Let's talk about Wayne Gretzky, who used to be a friend of Canada, used to be Beloved, used to be Canada's golden boy, and then he went full Maga would hang out at Mar-a-Lago, became a Trumper. Not just, he wasn't Maple Maga even. He was like America Maga. He was rooting to be 51st State type stuff. And then Donald Trump was saying that Gretzky should become basically the leader of Canada to become his puppet, and then basically run it the way Putin runs his nations and his orbit, like Belarus.


It would basically be that version. And Gretzky was all into it. Then Gretzky started showing up to hockey games and was in Canadian gear, by the way, NHL doing that. I'm not sure that was a great decision, but you know, we know why they did that. But then Gretzky would get booed by Canadians and Gretzky can't walk around Canada now without getting booed. And one of the more, most detested people. So Donald Trump had to post this, 'cause I'm sure Gretzky's like, Hey, I need you to like write this for me. Like I need some cred back. So Trump just wrote this. He goes, Wayne Gretzky's a fantastic guy. They call him the great one. He could run for any political office in Canada and win Wayne is my friend, and he wants to make me happy and is therefore somewhat low key about Canada remaining a separate country rather than becoming a cherished and beautiful 51st state, paying much lower taxes, a free and powerful military, no tariffs, and having a booming economy.


Wayne and Janet, his wonderful wife, loved Canada, and they should only support Canada. Whatever else makes the Canadian people and Governor Trudeau happy, he's the greatest Canadian of them all. And I'm therefore making him a free agent because I don't want anyone in Canada to say anything bad about him. Charlie Angus, your response to that, Wow. I guess if you're a Canadian, you know how important Wayne Gretzky was to us? You know, when Wayne Gretzky was traded from Edmonton to la, my wife was giving birth during the birth, I was upstairs cheering for LA because we felt that the betrayal of his team and selling him to LA, that we had to support la.


'cause we loved Wayne Gretzky. I came down when my wife was just about to give birth to say that Wayne had scored okay, maybe I'm not a bad great dad, but I should have admitted that. But that's how much important Wayne was to us. People are really angry at Wayne, and so every time Donald touches something, he turns it to crap. So the simple thing for Wayne is, Wayne, If you're quiet about Canada being a 51st state, you're a traitor. That's it's Vimy or Vichy, as we say in Canada. Vimy Ridge was the great battle. Canadians fought. Vichy were the collaborators. So Wayne, If you don't want Donald speaking for you, then you speak up and you tell Canada that you believe in Canada as a nation, because If you don't, Canadians feel that you've totally betrayed them.


Canadians are not in a forgiving mood right now, and Canadians have shown they're willing to fight for our nation because this is about our sovereignty. So it's a simple message to Wayne. Don't ask Donald to tell Canadians that you want to be quiet. You stand up and tell us whether or not you're a trader or you believe in Canada. I think every Canadian wants to hear that answer. And we haven't heard that from Wayne the great one yet. Now finally, we usually end our interviews with this. We know that Trump's press team watches that they clip this stuff and whatever. So if you wanted to direct a message to Donald Trump right now, what's your message to him as we're recording this, as we are starting to head into the month of March?


Well, Donald, you're telling us that we're getting the tariff threats, blah, blah. Canadians are like, okay, bring it on. Like, we're you wanna fight? We're gonna fight. But you have made America sign up with Russia and North Korea at one point, that would've been considered the act of an absolute traitor. How do you defend to the American people, your absolute betrayal of your allies, 80 years of American leadership on the global stage that you're willing to give that up to kiss up to Putin? If you think that Canada's gonna break right now, you are in for a big shock.


It's gonna hurt us. We know it's gonna hurt, but we're ready because we are a unified nation. We have values, we're a democratic country. We believe in the rule of law, and you don't believe in any of those things, Donald. So I, I don't know, maybe you're gonna have to call Vladimir and get an opinion on whether you should bring tariffs in or not. But If you bring in the tariffs we're coming at you, we're gonna come at you hard. And my message to the the American voter is you're gonna be in for a big surprise that the damage that your leader is doing economically, socially, geopolitically, and of course democratically. So Donald, it's, it's in your court. We can't tell you not to bring tariffs, but If you bring them, we're coming at you and we're gonna come at you in the Canadian way, which is what we've always done.


When push comes to shove, we don't back down. We never have, and we'll never ever kiss the gangster ring. Charlie Angus, thank you so much. Thank you Everyone. Head subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. The truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection@store.midastouch.com, all 100% USA Union Made


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to lipsy ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.