
When the game tips off the NBA action is just beginning on FanDuel America's number one, Sportsbook. Because FanDuel is your home for NBA live betting however you wanna play, now is the perfect time to join. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA 21 Plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER


Congress member Jared Moskowitz. Just wanna start off by asking you, how are you holding up there in Washington, DC How are things going there? Fine, Ben. Why, why do, do you know something that I, I don't know. I I haven't been watching the news over the last couple weeks. Is something been going on? I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm doing fine. So, but, but you wanted to talk to me during lunchtime, so I hope you don't mind mind if I just, you know, pour myself and eat, eat while we talk. I'm sure, I'm sure everything is fine then. You know, I'm sure Yeah. You, you, you, you, you seem to be akay.


But Congress member, we, we, we, absolutely. Well, is there something going on in DC that I'm unaware We absolutely need you in the fight? So let me start off by asking you this question, though, which is Elon Musk, there was a declaration that was submitted either on his behalf or by the federal, by the Trump White House, basically saying, Musk is not running Doge, or he's not an employee of Doge, but he's an advisor to the White House. You sit on the Doge subcommittee. What is Elon like? What, what's his role if he's saying that he's not actually working for Doge? Well, we don't, we don't know, right?


And I'm a part of the Doge caucus. I joined very early because I do believe Americans don't want the status quo with government. I do believe government become more efficient. First of all, they're using computer systems from like decades ago. Okay? So I do think government become more efficient, and I do think we can probably save a lot of money in government. And If you look at some of the things that DOS has found, by the way, these programs go back decades in the government, Democrat and Republican administrations, Democrat and Republican Congress. And, and so I, I do think the American people wanna see us save money, but we don't know Elon's day-to-day role or, or his involvement.


We've not had that transparency. Now, Elon, look, Elon's a very smart guy. We can't take that away from him. He's created some unbelievable technologies, there's no doubt about that. And, and he feels very comfortable in his ability tweeting or x-ing, whatever we call it nowadays, you know, three, 400 times a day. So he, he probably, he should come to Congress and tell us he doesn't think much of us or any of our abilities. So he shouldn't be afraid to come, come, he should wanna come. No one should make him, right? Like, we'd be like, make him come. But he should wanna come. He should come and talk about all the things that he has found. Tell the American people tell Congress, I mean, remember, they're going to need Congress to do something.


And I've talked about this, Ben. They can find fraud, they can find ways, they can find abuse, and they can, you know, mix it in the executive. But at the end of the day, the only way we're going to get at the debt issue, which is one of the principles of Doge is to get at the debt issue, is they're gonna have to come to Congress. So this is gonna have to happen in March 14th, is the date that it's gonna have to happen by otherwise the government is gonna close. 'cause I just don't believe that we can continue doing what I think Mike Johnson, speaker Johnson wants us to do. Speaker Johnson is gonna propose us to do a clean CR to fund the government. Well, by the way, if Doge has found all this fraud, waste, and abuse again, that's what they say.


So if we take them at their word that they have found all this, we can't do a clean cr 'cause that would refund all the fraud, waste, and abuse. They would love to trap Democrats with that. So Speaker Johnson needs to come with his, his 12 spending bills, individual spending bills, which by the way, he promised to do. But so far has taken, taken no steps to do. So, you know, all of this is gonna come to a head on March 14th. In my opinion, I want to talk about the 12 individual spending bills that Speaker Johnson claimed that he was gonna bring, but he's not. I want to talk about clean cr clean continuing resolution and what that means. But, you know, we know that it's possible.


Elon Musk is gonna be watching this interview, these clips circulate far and wide. So maybe you speak to him right now and, and make that invitation for him to show up in the Doge subcommittee. Why, why would you tell him to show up if he's watching this right now? And you, you could speak to him directly. Well, hi Ilan, how are you? I'm Jared. So, I mean, here's what I would say. I think the time for staying in safe spaces is over, right? Twitter's a safe space for her ex is a safe space for him, okay? I mean, I did Jesse Waters the other night on Fox. That's not a safe space for me. You gotta get outta your safe spaces, right? Go talk to the American people, not on Fox, and, you know, not next to the President and, and not, you know, on x go come to Congress, okay?


And talk to the American people have to mix it up with Democrats. He shouldn't, I don't think he's afraid to do it, but he should do it. If, if he thinks he's so right and has the winning issue, he should, he should come and do that. And, you know, embarrass the Democrats with the information. If that's what he thinks he can accomplish, come do that. But by, by, by hiding and not coming and just x-ing about what they found without showing the American people what they found, again, this is gonna come to a head on March 14th. They're gonna have to bring those documents, in my opinion, in order to, to keep government open. Because you can't what Speaker Johnson's trying to do, and it's Speaker Johnson's gonna close the government, not the Democrats.


The Democrats shouldn't wanna close the government as a strategy. They should not employ that. And I will as one Democrat, not employ that. I've never believed in just doing this hostage thing. But what we should say is, speaker Johnson, you're saying that all this fraud, waste and abuses over here, you can't ask us to fund it in a clean cr. So you're gonna have to either do the 12 individual spending bills, or actually the chip Roy suggested, you're gonna have to show us the list of everything you found where there's fraud, waste, and abuse. And we're gonna have to attach that to a continuing resolution and defund those programs. Otherwise, we're just gonna refund it all, which makes absolutely no sense. Elon should come and talk about that.


You know, it's not normal. I think we should, you know, let our viewers and and listeners know that this constant use of continuing resolutions to keep the government going and funded, explain to people in layman's terms why that's not how it worked. Usually when Democrats were in control. And the way the budget process, and I'm not asking for a, our lecture, but break it down in a quick way of how the process is supposed to work. So people see why this cr approach is kind of a cop out, and how it's not really addressing what Congress's main function is, like, the most basic function of what it is.


And, and, and Johnson and the Republicans can't do the most basic stuff. Explain, explain that If you can. Well, a continuing resolution is, is how these programs that are either old, outdated or no longer needed, that some, that some of these programs are finding how those continue. They continue. Because when you do a continuing resolution, you just continue the budget from the previous years, you make no changes to it. And that's something that the Republicans now have done for the last two years, while they've been in control of the house going into a third year. Now, as they do a continuing resolution, by the way, the reason Kevin McCarthy lost his job was over doing a continuing resolution.


And Democrats have had to be the adults in the room to help our Republican colleagues try to keep government open. But now, again, is, now that the American people, whether some of my colleagues like it or not, the American people voted for change. And they voted, they voted for to, to not have the current status quo, to change the status quo. And the way Speaker Johnson is trying to keep government open is with continuing resolutions, we have to pass budgets for each department. Maybe you plus up some things, maybe you deduct some things in all of those departments that what you, you should do. Republicans actually started that. They had done about seven of the 12 appropriations bills and then completely abandon the process.


Why? Not because of Democrats, because they were fighting amongst themselves, fighting amongst themselves. And the reason why Speaker Johnson, in my opinion, isn't starting the appropriations process like he promised to do, is because he knows he can't do it amongst his own members. He can't do it amongst his own members. And so he is gonna bring a cr and he is gonna expect Democrats to go vote for a cr. Not this time, Mike, not this time. 'cause this time we have a list of fraud, waste, and abuse that has been found. So they say, and we can't go fund that. Mike can't fund it, right? 'cause then what you would love, what Mike would love is to put a CR on the floor. Democrats are the majority who vote for it, right? Maybe we get a couple, you know, maybe we get a hundred Republicans, but the Democrats are the ones who vote for it in order to keep government open.


And then they can be like, can you believe the Democrats refunded all of these things there? The Democrats refunded the condoms, the Gaza, which was never a thing, but that's what they'll say. And so we can't walk into that trap. And quite frankly, it's not good practice once we've identified programs that shouldn't exist anymore. And so Speaker Johnson, he's in charge. Remember mandate. They have a mandate, huge mandate. Even though they have a three vote majority in the house, you know, that's not a mandate, but they say that they have a mandate. So we're gonna go with that. Well, then there speak John, speaker Johnson's the one who's gotta put these things on the floor, but he won't. It's clear he is gonna wait till the end. He's gonna throw a clean CR on there. Maybe he'll throw California emergency funding in there.


Think like that's some sort of catnip and that Democrats are gonna go for. And I'm advocating we can't, the American people don't want us to, the American people don't want the status quo. A cr is the status quo. So if they were to propose a CR though, and not the individual spending bills, and it was just the status quo, how, how would you vote on That? I'm a no vote on a clean cr. I, I, I, I don't think we can do that, Ben. I, I, I, listen, one of the things that, and I'm new to Congress, okay? I don't have all the answers, but the game has changed in Washington. And there are still some of my colleagues that have been there longer than I have who are playing a game that no longer exists.


It, it, it doesn't exist. It, the, the way we used to conduct our business, the way we used to communicate, all of that has changed. All of that is new. And we're still stuck and have not changed with the times. And so, you know, there are some of my colleagues who were just like, we gotta vote for whatever we gotta vote for to keep the government open. I, I have bad news. I wanna keep the government open, but I'm not just voting for anything to do that. We, we gotta do it the right way. That's what the American people want. And Republicans are completely in charge. They have the house, the Senate, and the executive branch. So if government closes, it's on them. We have to force them now to do the right thing in Congress.


If you can believe that. And the, the right thing in Congress is If you found all this fraud, waste, and abuse, and we gotta defund it, otherwise, you're just lying to the American people, right? And, and we're not, I'm not gonna fall into that trap where they can just blame us. And, and look, this is part of the strategy then that Republicans are playing, right? I'm gonna fix the price of eggs on day one. That didn't happen. Eggs are the highest they've ever been. I'm gonna solve the Ukraine war on day one. That didn't happen. It's still going on. Europe and the US are now fighting. It's become very complicated, right? That didn't happen. I'm gonna get Inflation under control on day one. That didn't happen. Inflation had a bump last month, right? So all these day one promises, you know, day one, and look, I obviously knew it was hyperbole, right?


It didn't happen on day one. So since we can't solve that on day one, right? Trump is a very good communicator and he understands the American people. You wanna know why you sit in traffic for 25 minutes when there's a fender bender on the highway? It's because we love that. We watch it, we slow down, we look at it, we analyze it, and Trump was just giving that to us over and over. Oh, I can't fix the price of eggs, but hey, we're gonna get Greenland and I can't, you know, solve Inflation. But you know, we're gonna get Gaza. You know, how are you gonna get Gaza? You gonna buy Mr. President? We are not, we're just gonna get it. You're gonna send the military. No, we're not. We're just gonna get it. Osmosis, potentially, you know, oh, what about Panama?


We may take Panama, you know, and then Governor Trudeau, that was kind of funny. I did laugh at that one by giving credit for that. Joe, governor Trudeau, CA Canada's gonna be the 51st state, which of course, by the way, would, if Canada became the 51st state between Canada and California, republicans could never win an election again. But hey, we're gonna talk about Canada being the 51st state. And the legacy media just eats this stuff off. I mean, the literally just, just total distraction. He puts it on a platter and they just pounce, you know? And I hear the people like, no, Jared, we got it. Treat it seriously. What if we actually turn Gaza into the Riviera guys? That's not gonna happen.


Okay? But yet they go for it. Now look, sometimes there's a little bit of strategy and his madness, right? The Gaza thing, we're not gonna get Gaza, but it is making the Arab countries take notice and move. There is a summit that's gonna be going on. The Egyptians are leading that, and they're gonna be coming up with a proposal. And it's because of that strategy that perhaps the Arab Arab countries are gonna take more of an active role on what should happen there. But, but these, these things he's putting out there are to distract us from these other topics, and we're going for it. And I, I, James Carbol said the other day, that, and he's right, we gotta stop, right? Just let Trump cook.


Okay? Let him say some of these things. And, and we just gotta just like, not give that the oxygen, we gotta focus on, on these other issues. But, you know, we're like squirrel Gaza, squirrel Greenland, right? And we're just, that's, that's not what the American people voted for. Al. Although, I will say this, I, I do feel, I mean, I'm not, I'm not happy that they're executing on project 2025, but you know, I I'm sure like maybe like Republicans and independents were looking at Democrats carrying around this giant book, you know, like Moses carrying around two tablets, right? And they were like, why are these Democrats carrying around this giant book? They look ridiculous. And we're like, project 25, these are all the things they're gonna do.


And republicans are like, Nope, we're not gonna do any of that. And now that they're actually doing it, like, like chapter and verse from the book, I guess I feel a little vindicated. I'm not happy about it. But at least we were right. And we don't look crazy carrying around that book anymore. Well, look, your constituents, many of them maybe thought that no tax on tips was gonna be the first priority, which it isn't in the budget or no tax on social security. We don't see that in the budget or no tax on overtime. And, you know, the priorities seem to be how do you help the billionaires and the, you know, deca millionaires and, and, and how do you focus on them? But like, you know, do, do you think though it is a little bit breaking through to some people that whoa, even if they're now waiting, whoa, whoa, whoa.


What, what about these things? Do you see at all, you know, people in, in your district starting to call your office and ask questions like, we, we feel a little bit rug pulled here, or, or, or not yet. I'll give you the final word. So, chaos. It's been chaos right Now I'm a former emergency management director, so I, I know how to deal with that. But it, it's the chaos that has people worried. Because if everything is chaotic, they start to care about their things like social security or my veteran's benefits, or, you know, or my Medicare or my Medicaid. They start to worry about these programs that, that people depend on. People that voted for Donald Trump. By the way, Donald Trump only lost my district by one and a half points.


And there are people who voted for him that are on social security, and there are people who voted for him that are on Medicare. And there are people who voted for them about their veterans' benefits. And with all the chaos about getting into these systems and changing all these things, you know, that breeds a lot of anxiety, which then breeds a lot of those phone calls because it breeds a lot of uncertainty. And so I'm seeing a lot of that with the folks, the folks I'm talking to. And so, and Elon has created a lot of that by, you know, that all of these stories, that Doge is going everywhere. Remember we were told Doge is gonna do like an audit and then develop a list, but that, that's clearly not what they're doing. They're firing people, they're turning on programs, turning off programs, right?


And they're gonna, they're making mistakes. Elon even said they're gonna, they're gonna make mistakes. Some of these mistakes could be, you know, very damaging to firing all the folks that work on our, on nuclear weapons that clearly, you know, was, was a big one. And so, you know, that's the anxiety that folks are, are, are seeing in my district. And I tell, and some people are like, this is not what people voted for. No, no, no. This is what people voted for. I'm sorry. I totally disagree with that. I understand Donald didn't talk about all of these things on the stage. I mean, he talked about Hann of Electra. I'm still waiting for that dinner. Okay? But you know, we, we had him as president for a whole four years.


And so the idea that we're getting, you know, 2.0 or, or you know, the second movie, which is never as good as the first usually, okay, this is, should be no surprise to people. This is what the American people voted for. They were gonna get a level of chaos. But you know what, you know what I, I think about that at the end of the day, Ben, that is also a reflection on where the Democratic party is, right? That's, that's on a reflection. That they voted for this and were willing to take that risk than what we were selling. And the Democratic party has still not had, in my opinion, that introspection, that inflection point on they voted for this instead of what we were pitching.


That is an indictment on us. And unless we recalibrate and figure out how to make our tent bigger and start acting a little more normal, by the way, you know, we, we may be in this position for some time. Well, we'll have you back on. You gotta keep us posted on all the developments in your state. And, but You see from my shirt how I feel. Well show, show me the shirt. I I can't see the, alright. It's a, it's a cap Barra, you know, they're very in right now. Cap Barra is so in You, you're, you're too cool for me. I just, I just record YouTube videos all day from my living room so I don't get out of, I don't get out of much Congress Member Mo, you bar. Oh man. Come on, Member. Before, Before it was like tiny little hippos.


Now it's cap bar. Cap bar, all the, all the rage. Congressman Maman, they're large. Thank you for your time, Congressman. You're Welcome.


Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion. And this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.