
If you've heard that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the science-backed language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Bael gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with Bael right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at bael do com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms. Apply


10 years from today. Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses. Lisa's taking now with A A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does and she can finally run with the big dogs and the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.


The NB playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me. Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is knowledgeable. Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantisx X, the cutting edge drive fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, and you could be next. With Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself in ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x do com. That's Mantisx x com.


I wanna say a few words about the events of the last few days. This past weekend, federal agents conducted large scale workplace raids in and around Los Angeles. Those raids continue as I speak. California is no stranger to immigration enforcement, but instead of focusing on undocumented immigrants with serious criminal records and people with final deportation orders, the strategy, both parties have long supported. This administration is pushing mass deportations indiscriminately, targeting hardworking immigrant families regardless of their roots or risk. What's happening right now is very different than anything we've seen before.


On Saturday morning when federal agents jumped out of an unmarked van near a Home Depot parking lot, they began grabbing people a deliberate targeting of a heavily Latino suburb. A similar scene played out when a clothing company was rated downtown in other actions. A US citizen, nine months pregnant was arrested. A 4-year-old girl taken families, separated, friends, quite literally disappearing in response. Every day, Angelinos came out to exercise their constitutional right to free speech and assembly to protest their government's actions. In turn, the state of California and the city and county of Los Angeles sent our police officers to help keep the peace, and with some exceptions, they were successful.


Like many states, California is no stranger to this sort of unrest. We manage it regularly and with our own law enforcement, but this again, was different. What then ensued was the use of tear, gas flash, bang grenades, rubber bullets, federal agents detaining people in undermining their due process rights. Donald Trump, without consulting California law enforcement leaders commandeered 2000 of our state's National Guard members to deploy on our streets illegally and for no reason. This brazen abuse of power by a sitting president inflamed, a combustible situation, putting our people, our officers, and even our national guard at risk.


That's when the downward spiral began. He doubled down on his dangerous National Guard deployment by fanning the flames even harder and the president, he did it on purpose. As the news spread throughout la anxiety for family and friends ramped up, protests started again. By night, several dozen lawbreakers became violent and destructive. They vandalized property. They tried to assault police officers. Many of you have seen the video clips of cars burning on cable news. If you incite violence, I want to be clear about this. If you incite violence or destroy our communities, you're going to be held to account that kind of criminal behavior will not be tolerated.


Full stop. Already more than 220 people have been arrested and we're reviewing tapes to build additional cases and people will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Again, thanks to our law enforcement officers and the majority of Angelenos who protested peacefully, the situation was winding down and was concentrated in just a few square blocks downtown. With that, that's not what Donald Trump wanted. He again chose escalation. He chose more force. He chose theatrics over public safety. He federalized another 2000 guard members. He deployed more than 700 active US Marines.


These are the men and women trained for foreign combat, not domestic law enforcement. We honor their service. We honor their bravery, but we do not want our streets militarized by our own armed forces. Not in la, not in California, not anywhere. We're seeing unmarked cars, unmarked cars in school, parking lots kids afraid of attending their own graduation. Trump is pulling a military dragnet all across Los Angeles well beyond his stated intent to just go after violent and serious criminals. His agents are arresting dishwashers, gardeners, day laborers and seamstresses.


That's just weakness. Weakness, masquerading as strength. Donald Trump's government isn't protecting our communities. They're traumatizing our communities, and that seems to be the entire point. California will keep fighting. We'll keep fighting on behalf of our people, all of our people, including in the courts. Just yesterday, we filed a legal challenge to Donald Trump's reckless deployment of American troops to a major American city. Today we sought an emergency court order to stop the use of the American military to engage in law enforcement activities across Los Angeles. If some of us could be snatched off the streets without a warrant based only on suspicion or skin color, then none of us are safe.


Authoritarian regimes begin by targeting people who are least able to defend themselves, but they do not stop there. Trump and his loyalists, they thrive on division because it allows them to take more power and exert even more control. And by the way, Trump, he's not opposed to lawlessness and violence as long as it serves him. What more evidence do we need than January 6th? Ask everyone, take time. Reflect on this perilous moment. A president who wants to be bound by no law or constitution perpetuating a unified assault on American traditions.


This is a president who in just over 140 days has fired government watchdogs that could hold him accountable, accountable for corruption and fraud. He's declared a war, a war on culture, on history, on science, on knowledge itself. Databases quite literally are vanishing. He's de-legitimizing news organizations and he's assaulting the first amendment and the threat of defunding them at threat. He's dictating what universities themselves can teach. He's targeting law firms and the judicial branch that are the foundations of an orderly and civil society. He's calling for a sitting governor to be arrested for no other reason than to in his own words for getting elected.


And we all know this Saturday, he's ordering our American heroes, the United States military and forcing them to put on a vulgar display to celebrate his birthday just as other failed dictators have done in the past. Look this. This isn't just about protests. Here in Los Angeles, when Donald Trump sought blanket authority to commandeer the National Guard, he made that order apply to every state in this nation. This is about all of us. This is about you. California may be first, but it clearly will not end here. Other states are next. Democracy is next. Democracy is under assault before our eyes.


This moment we have feared has arrived. He's taking a wrecking ball, a wrecking ball to our founding father's historic project. Three Co-equal branches of independent government. There are no longer any checks and balances. Congress is nowhere to be found. Speaker Johnson has completely abdicated that responsibility. The rule of law has increasingly been given away to the rule of Don the founding fathers. They didn't live and die to see this kind of moment. It's time for all of us to stand up. Justice Brandeis, you said it best in a democracy, the most important office. With all due respect, Mr. President is not the presidency and it's certainly not governor.


The most important office is office of Citizen. At this moment, at this moment, we all need to stand up and be held to account a higher level of accountability. If you exercise your First Amendment rights, please, please do it peacefully. I know many of you are are feeling deep, anxiety, stress, and fear, but I want you to know that you are the antidote to that fear and that anxiety. What Donald Trump wants most is your fealty, your silence to be complicit in this moment. Do not give into him


What happens when the rhythm of the world comes alive under a big time? The universe, soul Circus is coming vibrant performances from every corner of the globe. It's coming back to the DMV tickets on sale Now@universalcircus.com.


Want the same expert advice you get from the pros in the store while shopping online@discounttire.com? Meet Treadwell, your personal online tire guide that matches you with the perfect tire for your vehicle. Get your best match in one minute or less with Treadwell by Discount Tire. Let's get you taken care of.