
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com. Today


The NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA, Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and Wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit CPG dot org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


I'm William Gug, a URI Collaborate and professional Ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing, I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to burri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns, exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Location. The lab, Quentin only has 24 hours to sell his car. Is that even possible? He goes to carvana.com. What is this? A movie trailer He ignores the doubters, enters his license plate. Wow, that's a great offer. The car is sold, but will Carvana pick it up in time for It? They'll literally pick it up tomorrow morning. Done with the dramatics Car selling in record time. Save your time, go to carvana.com and sell your car today. Pick up. These may apply.


He looks beaten down. He looks utterly fatigued as he panic posts throughout the day in his dumpster fire of a presidency. The worst ever post after post oddity after oddity. Dangerous vile trash after dangerous vile trash posts like this yesterday, rebuild an open Alcatraz for too long, America has been plagued by vicious, violent, and repeat criminal offenders. The drags of society then goes on to say, this is why today I'm directing the Bureau of Prisons together with the Department of Justice, FBI, Homeland Security to reopen a substantially enlarged and rebuilt Alcatraz.


That's what he's talking about. You know, Donald Trump, waste fraud and abuse. That Alcatraz was something that was overly expensive and really wasn't doing anything good. That's why it was shut down. It's part of the National Park system right now. What are you doing? Talking about opening up Alcatraz. Oh, and then Donald Trump is posting photos of Alcatraz right now. Then Donald Trump posts the following, the movie Tariffs on Foreign movie production. That's what Donald Trump's thinking about. I don't even know how that would work. It was when, when it arrives on the ship, when the movie arrives on the ship, Donald, he goes, the movie industry in America is dying. That's all in caps.


A very fast death I'll work. Other countries are offering all sorts of incentives to draw our filmmakers and studios away from the United States, Hollywood, and many other areas within the USA are being devastated. This is a concerted effort by other nations and therefore a national security threat. He says it is an addition to everything else, messaging and propaganda. Therefore, I am authorizing the Department of Commerce and the United States Trade Representative to immediately begin the process of instituting a 100% tariff on any and all movies coming into our country that are produced in foreign lands.


We want movies made in America. Again. In other words, if you make a movie in another country, 100% tariff. I was, how's that gonna even work when the director shows up back into the United States? You're gonna tariff the director. What in the world is this guy doing? And then you have Howard Lutnick, who some people refer to as Nut L. Here's why. He goes, we're on it. As our editor in Chief Ron Kowski, who coined the name Nut Lick says, because of course he is. Donald Trump then posts. It is time for Howie Kurtz to retire every woke anchor in the business. People that no one watched from C-N-M-S-D and C and others are plastered all over his show with all really negative and fake statements.


And then I am weakly defended by Howie and his group. Although Ben Dominic has been strong, the case Howie makes for me is so pathetic that it would be a lot better if he didn't say anything at all. Anyway, that's the way it is. Also on Trump's social media platform. Lots of advertisements for Trump knives these days. Everywhere you look there, there's a Trump knife for sale with Trump's name on it. Donald Trump then posts late, late last night. I don't need to have Carl Rove of Fox News. Tell me what to do. That guy's a total loser who's been wrong about almost everything. Now of course, this follows Donald Trump posting AI images of himself as the Pope deeply offending the Catholic community and just anybody who has a shred of decency, regardless of if you're Catholic or even regardless if you are religious.


It's like, what the hell are you doing, Donald? And then earlier today, the official White House account posted the following, Donald Trump AI that looks nothing like him with bulging muscles and the red sif lightsaber. And then they go, happy May 4th to all including radical left lunatics who want 2, 2, 2. They say two all over again fighting hard two two brings STH Lords murderers and drug lords dangerous prisoners and gang members to the us. Hey Donald. You know you have the red STH lightsaber right there. So then, then Donald Trump took a flight back from vacationing again on the taxpayer dime, right?


Donald Trump was in Mar-a-Lago partying it up. Lavish parties. There was an RNC spring retreat at Mar-a-Lago. So Donald Trump double dip in triple dip in quadruple dip in while he's doing deals with Qatar for Trump resorts, while the Abu Dhabi fund is using Trump's crypto, as you have Don Jr. Doing clubs that are called the Executive branch. $500,000 a member to join the executive branch with Dave Sachs. The cryptos are, you have Donald Trump doing lavish parties at Mar-a-Lago on the taxpayer dime where Trump's staff is being housed.


And then you now have the RNC spring retreat. So they're paying Donald Trump as well. A massive, massive grift going on there. So Trump vacations, he comes back to Washington DC and he spends his time on the flight back like attacking reporters, specifically the Wall Street Journal, because the Wall Street Journal's reporting on the failure of Trump's trade war against the against the world. So here Donald Trump looks at the Wall Street Journal reporter and goes, you are rotten. You are a rotten person. Your newspaper is rotten. Watch a severely demented and dangerous and vile Donald Trump attack the Wall Street Journal reporter. Let's play it.


Who you with? The Street Journal. That's what I Well you, you people treat us so badly. Wall Street Journal has truly gone to hell. Go ahead. A rock newspaper. What? I said it's a rock newspaper. I wouldn't tell the Wall Street Journal because if you wasting my time, there are talk, but I, I don't wanna talk to the Wall Street Journal. But look, wall Street Journal is China oriented and they're really mad for this country. You wanna, you Now, this is a line that Donald Trump's been repeating over and over again. It's one of his main talking points where he goes, little girls, beautiful little girls.


He says, which is creepy in and of itself. He goes, I don't see why they want 35 dolls. They should have two dolls and they should pay more money for their dolls. And why do they want 250 pencils? Use five pencils. What are you doing? What are these little girls doing? You take your two dolls, you take your five pencils and you shut up little girls. That's what Donald Trump's been saying over and over again. Here he is saying it on the flight last night. Play the clip. Listen, what? What? All I'm saying is that, that you don't, that a young lady and 10-year-old girl, 9-year-old girl, 15-year-old girl doesn't need $37.


She could be very happy with two or three or four or five. I would, I wouldn't, let's not waste a lot of time. I still wouldn't. What else? And just so you see, I'm not making it up, but this is a talking point. He repeats over and over again. Here he was on the Kristin welcome interview saying it as well play this clip, Talk about the tariffs. And I wanna ask you about something you said this week. Got a lot of attention. You were at your cabinet meeting. You said quote, I'm gonna quote what you said. Maybe the children will have two dolls instead of 30 dolls. Yeah. And maybe the two dolls will cost a couple of bucks more than they would normally. Are you saying that your tariffs will cause some prices to go up? No, I think the tariffs are gonna be great for us because it's gonna make us rich.


But you said some dolls are gonna cost more. Isn't that an acknowledgement that some prices will Go up? Don't think, I don't think a beautiful baby girl needs that's 11 years old needs to have 30 dolls. I think they can have three dolls or four dolls. Because what we were doing with China was just unbelievable. We had a trade deficit of hundreds of billions of dollars with China. When You say they could have $3 instead of $30, are you, are you saying your 30? I say they don't need To have 30 Americans could see empty store shelves. No, I'm no, I'm not saying that. I'm just saying they don't need to have $30. They can have three. They don't need to have 250 pencils. They can have five. But you are basically saying there could be some supply shortages Because of the tariff.


No, basically don't have to waste money on a trade deficit with China for things we don't need for junk that we don't need. So on that flight last night as well, Donald Trump essentially was conceding that none of his trade negotiations were, were going. Well, so Donald Trump's new talking point. I want you to listen to it very clearly. Hear what he's saying is, even if I don't do any deals, I don't need to do deals. He goes, he says, 'cause I'll set the deals myself. He goes, I'll just look at the country and I'll say, here's your number, here's your number. And that becomes the deal. So why do I even negotiate? Because I make up the number.


He says here, listen to what he says. I don't need deals playing this clip. Nobody understands. We're negotiating with many countries. But at the end of this, I'll set my own deals because I sent the deal. They don't set the deal. I sent the deal me. They've been ripping us off for years. I sent the deal. So every country, almost without fail, Brenda Foe has been ripping us off for years. So we are meeting with almost all of 'em, including China. And at the end, I'm setting the deal. I keep saying, when are you gonna, this is not like a big deal that's gonna be signed. In some cases we'll sign. We don't have to have signed. I'm gonna be setting the deal. I'll be setting a tariff.


You keep asking the same question, but when will you agree? It's up to me. It's not up to them. It's up to me. Now they don't have to deal with us, which is okay 'cause we lost under Biden, we're losing $5 billion a day. Think of it, $5 billion a day. Now we're not dealing with China at all. 'cause the tariffs so high that they basically can't deal. But what he's most focused on now is the military parade On his birthday in June, it'll cost us at least a hundred million dollars, 50 helicopters, paratroopers, 7,000 soldiers, Kim Jong-Un style in Washington DC Tanks.


This is what Donald Trump wants to happen. Here he is talking to Kristen Welker about the military parade that he wants to have play this clip. The president also told me that next month he's planning a military parade celebrating the 250th anniversary of the US Army. That also falls on his 79th birthday. We're gonna have a big, beautiful parade, A military parade. Yeah, Sure. Okay, we gonna celebrate our military. We have the greatest military, the world, what's the price tag? Do you know people peanuts compared to the value of doing it. We have the greatest missiles in the world. We have the greatest submarines in the world. We have the greatest army tanks in the world. We have the greatest weapons in the world and we're gonna celebrate it.


And lastly, I could keep going on, but you get the point. Here's Donald Trump telling Kristen Welker that he doesn't know if he needs to even follow the Constitution anymore. He goes, I don't even know if it applies to me, is the reality I, I don't. I don't know. And you know, I don't, I don't think I need to follow any due process. Play this clip. Your Secretary of State says Everyone who's here, citizens and non-citizens deserve due process. Do you agree, Mr. President? I don't know. I'm not, I'm not a lawyer. I don't know. Well, the Fifth Amendment says as Much. I dunno know, it seems. It seems it. It might say that. But if you're talking about that, then we'd have to have a million or 2 million or 3 million trials. We have thousands of people that are some murderers and some drug dealers and some of the worst people on earth.


But it's some of the worst, most dangerous people on earth. And I was elected to get 'em the hell out of here and the courts are holding me from doing it. But even given those numbers that you're talking about, don't you need to uphold the Constitution of the United States as president? I don't know. I have to respond by saying again, I have brilliant lawyers that work for me and they are going to obviously follow what the Supreme Court said. What you said is not what I heard the Supreme Court said. They have a different interpretation. Is anyone in your administration right now in contact with El Salvador about returning Abrego Garcia to United?


I don't know. You'd have to ask the Attorney General that question. Now, there's a bunch of other clips that I played yesterday. Go back and watch my recap video. But let me just summarize some of them for you right now. I don't want to hear his voice anymore. He told Kristin weer that he will demand Canada become a 51st state if he meets with Prime Minister Mark Carney of Canada. He says he wants to conquer it, he wants to take it over. And he will tell Carney that he wants Canada to be his. He doesn't rule out invading Greenland. There may be a military invasion of Greenland. He says he attacks the courts over and over again. He goes on to say that he's fine attacking his political enemies.


He then goes on to, what else does he talk about attacking specific people from his past administration. And then he talks about how he wants to make a big ball, or he wants to build a big ballroom in the White House. That's one of his focuses as well. I don't, I don't need to play any more of his clips. It's the most deranged, demented thing imaginable. But you get the point right there. I've got a lot of other great videos coming this morning. Check those out and thanks for watching. Oh, can you hit subscribe? Help us get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Plus, check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.


Choosing paint colors can be tricky, but pro color tools by Sherwin Williams helps paint pros like you, help your homeowners select colors confidently, and match colors instantly and accurately. Sherwin Williams, wear your partner in everything color. Visit sherwin.com/proco. Tools to learn more.