
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


I'm William Gouge, a URI Collaborate and professional ultra runner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing, I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to uri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william. Where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


I mean, just take a look at him. He is an adult fatigued, cognitive glitching mess of a human being who is dangerous. He's been lying about fake conversations. He claims he's having with China's president. Xi Jing Ping. The embassy from China had to say stop making up fake conversations. We're not having any communications with the United States about tariffs and Donald Trump just the whole day was inventing. Oh, we're having productive conversations. We're speaking about it. So then Donald Trump gets on Air Force One, he's on his way to Rome where he's gonna be there for the funeral of Pope Francis.


And a reporter asks him. So like, have you spoken to Xi Jinping? And then Donald Trump's like I, I don't wanna discuss that. I'm not discussing that here at play. This clip, You said that you've spoken to President Xi multiple times. Is that since taking sir? I don't that, but I'm speaking to people from, but speaking to people from all over the world, one of the times that we're making very good deals, very good. It's gonna make our country rich. We're not gonna be ripped off like we have been for the last literally 50 years. Okay, well what do you want to discuss Donald? A reporter asked Donald Trump.


So do you have any updates on Hegseth? And Donald Trump's like surprised by the question. Like what? Well, what do you mean Hegseth? I don't know that your defense secretary continues to have classified communications on signal and on text threads and he brags about war plans placing our fighter pilots and troops in jeopardy. By the way, while Houthis are shooting down our drones, like seven drones have been shot down over Yemen. Is this something that you know you're focused on here? Play this clip. He had. I am a pretty good meeting, Mr. President. Any update on secretary?


Exa your confidence in him? About what? With signal. Having signal. I don't view signal as on computer. What do you think? I dunno. View signal is important. Fake news. You're meeting while, Did you hear what he said? He said, I don't view that as even important. I think it's fake news. This one commentator wrote using a private email server, the worst intelligence catastrophe in history, leaking classified war plans. Not important. Got it blatantly just leaking our war plans on purpose. When we know that Russia, we know that the Houthis, we know that China and other people are, are gaining access to this stuff.


So then another reporter asks him, and again, when I say like adult having cognitive issues, fat fatigue, I mean look at this person. Like this is not normal behavior. And for all the media talking about, oh, former president Biden's old, what the hell are we watching here? So a reporter asked Donald Trump, what would you consider a substantial concession from China in your trade deals with China? What do you want them to do? And Trump's response is, I want them to free it up, free up China. They gotta open up China. They gotta open it. That would be big. I'm not sure if they can open it, but open it. What are you talking about here?


Play this clip Movement. Do you consider substantial from China? Well free up China. You know, let us go in and work China because frankly that's what we wanted. And we almost got it. And then they backed out of that deal. But we had it to go into China and to sell our product, sell our wares. In other words, it's called to poop in China. That would be great. That would be a big win. Open it. We were doing like $2 trillion annually in trade with China. Now the government officials in China, they are baffled by the United States behavior now they are taking advantage of it.


They're reaching out to Europe and Canada and Australia. They're holding meetings in Africa and in South America and in Mexico. They are reaching out across the globe to assert themselves as a counter to the United States saying, look, we're more stable than the United States. But like they're like, why is the United States want to bring in like manufacturing jobs that we do in China when China's trying to emulate what the United States does? And Donald Trump is not even paying attention to any world news at all. He had no clue that there was an assassination of a Russian general today in Moscow.


And the guy's car exploded. I don't want to even play this other clip of Trump. So let me just read for you the transcript. Mr. President, there was a car bomb in Moscow this morning that killed a Russian general. Do you have any reaction to that? Who killed what? Who killed what question? A Russian general was killed in a car bomb Trump. Well, well you're just telling me that for the first time. Where did that take place? I'm not sure why I'm doing a southern accent for Trump there, but whatever question it took place in Moscow, it was a Russian general Trump. Whoa, whoa. That's hitting close to home, right? Whoa, that's a big one.


Yeah, I'll look at it. If I hear anything, I'll let you, if you hear any, this would be in your daily brief. Do you even open it up? No, because you're too busy golfing and prancing around Mar-a-Lago or the White House throwing around whatever the most ridiculous conspiracy theories are here. A reporter asked Donald Trump, and I'll just play the audio of this. Are you taking Melania to dinner? It's her birthday. Or have you had time to get her a present? And Trump goes, I have not had time to buy presents. It's been busy, but it's working out. People are loving the tariffs. He says they're loving it. They're loving it.


Play this clip. Are you taking Claudia to dinner? Are you taking Mrs. Trump to dinner or have you had time to get her a present? You've been very busy. I'll take her for dinner on the on the Boeing. Oh, I'll take him for dinner on Air Force Month. There you go. Spend that much time to my presence now. We've been pretty busy. Yeah, but it's working out. Things are working out very well and people are starting to understand how good tariffs are for us. Okay. Are they loving it? Let's take a look at the New York Times Sienna College poll. By the way, I can show you the Reuters Ipsos poll. I could show you the Fox poll. I could show you the Pew Research poll. They're all in this range right here. Trump's approval rating, 42%, 54% disapprove.


Pew Research I think was 40% approve. And then it was I think like 57 disapprove right around there. When it comes to immigration, Donald Trump is negative four. Underwater and immigration managing the federal government. Negative eight, the economy negative 12 trade with other countries, negative 11, foreign conflicts, negative 14, the war between Russia and Ukraine. Negative 21. The case involving Abrego Garcia, negative 21. Donald Trump was asked by Time Magazine in an interview that was published earlier yesterday. Donald, you said you would end the war in Ukraine on day one, but you didn't do it.


Trump goes, well, I said that figuratively. This is actually Trump's response. I'm not paraphrasing, I'm reading word for word Trump's response. Well, I said that figuratively. And I said that as an exaggeration because to make a point, and you know it gets, of course by the fake news, obviously people know that when I said that, it was said in jest, but it was also said that it will be ended. It was said in jest. I think we have the clip of you talking about it, everybody. Do you think this was in jest? Was This one big joke? Because that's what we expect, right? The presidents of the United States to make jokes, to do funnies about creating peace in Ukraine in 24 hours.


Ha ha ha. I must have lost the thread of humor. Donald, here play this clip. Could End the war in Ukraine in 24 hours. Yes, I do. How would you do that? I know Zelinsky very well. I, I'll end that war between those two countries in 24 hours. It won't even take that long. I will get the war ended. I'll stop all of those lives from being wasted and lost. And there'll be no more bombing of Ukraine. There'll be no more bombing of Russia and everybody will be half. And then on all the other fronts, as you're looking at the poll that I shared with you, and again, it's very similar to the other polls that are out there.


You have, let's just take a look at the data now. Lots of reporters are talking about it. Remember what we've been talking about on Midas freight volumes, trucking volumes, down, down, down the Wall Street Journal headline today. Finally, cargo shipments from China to us slide toward a standstill. Cancellations, accelerate shipments out of China for major retailers and manufacturers has ceased. The impact is staggering. As Carl Quintanilla says, summer of scarcity. That's what we've been saying. Summer of scarcity. Folks we're like a few weeks away from things not getting on shelves. Remember on Covid there was no toilet paper and there was no things 'cause the supply chains are broken or broken.


It's worse than that right now. If you look at the freight volumes and the shipping volumes and the trucking volumes, it's worse than covid levels right now. But folks, Donald Trump's focused on all the important things. Like what is wrong with this is what he posted. What is wrong with the NFL owners? Are they stupid? Dion Sanders was a great college football player and was even greater in the NFL. He is also a very good coach, streetwise and smart. Therefore, Shado, his quarterback son, has phenomenal genes and is all set for greatness. He should be picked immediately by a team that wants to win, win his in capitals. Good luck Shado, and say hello to your wonderful father. By the way, I'm sure that inspired teams to pick them earlier on should talk about these two other stories.


Number one, we're learning about a federal judge who raised the alarm on Friday. That the Trump regime appeared to have deported a 2-year-old US citizen to Honduras with no meaningful process, even as her father was fighting to keep her in the country, as the judge said, in the interest of dispelling our strong suspicion that the government just deported a US citizen with no meaningful process. The court wants to know more. The girl was deported Friday with her mother to Honduras, despite her father's efforts to keep her in the United States. And then of course, Donald Trump and his regime are bragging how they sent in the FBI to arrest a Milwaukee County Circuit Court judge named Judge Hannah Dugan.


She's a state court judge presiding over a case of an individual in her courtroom. Last week, the Feds wanted to arrest the guy in her courtroom. Judge Dugan said, if you wanna arrest the guy, do it outside. Do it at his home. Do it in the parking lot. I am a judge. You don't come into my room and break in and run operations outta my courtroom. I have to administer justice as a state court judge. And then she said, I'm not going to help you do that. We can coordinate with court services. The Fed said no. She opened up her door. The individual named Eduardo Ruiz went out.


He walked out and the feds arrested him later. But they charged the judge with obstruction for helping him escape her courtroom. When in her courtroom she was administering justice. The guy was accused of crimes in her courtroom. She's a judge. We have a process. We don't have FBI do raids in buildings and send people to concentration camps. And she's like, don't do this in my room. Go do it somewhere else. And the Fed said, Nope. And now they ar on Friday, they cuffed the judge in her courtroom, which I could tell you as a lawyer is absolutely unprecedented. The Trump regime is gonna lose that case in federal court by far.


It's just a matter of time. I can't even imagine what the federal judge is gonna say to the Trump DOJ lawyer when they show up. Horrific, horrific stuff. Oh, finally, we're we're Trump is also throwing his other lawyers under the bus. When he was asked about what's his reaction to the nine to oh, Supreme Court ruling saying, facilitate the return of Abrego Garcia, Trump said, that's not what my people told me. They didn't say it was. They said it was nine to nothing. Something entirely different. My lawyers never said that to me. And then a reporter from the Time Magazine said, well, why haven't you asked b Kelly to send Abrego back? And Trump goes, well, no one's asked me. That's why nobody's asked me.


Going back to what I said at the beginning of this video, folks, I mean, there's a reason why. What is it? Only 27% of independent support. The sky People are rising up. People know what's going on in the economy. People see that the economy was doing well in January before it was passed over to Donald Trump. People know you. You know, Trump thinks that he can just go ahead and lie and say all of this crap. I mean, look, he's got his MAGA mush brain, zombified fox regime watching people. He's got them. But there's like 65, 70% of America now that is livid.


Livid. And rightfully so. I'm Ben Marcellus from the Midas Touch Network. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. New Midas Me drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Do Midas touch.com.