
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply. This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes.


Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply. I am so excited for the spa day candles. Lip music on hot tub, warm and ready. Ah. And then my chronic hives. Come back again in the middle of my spa day. What a wet blanket looks like. Another spell of itchy red skin. If you have chronic spontaneous urticaria or CSU, there is a different treatment option hives during my next spa day.


Not if I can help it. Learn more@treatmyhives.com. Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on mo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility.


That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, mantis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis x.com. We are seeing in real time what a disaster. Donald Trump's call with Vladimir Putin was yesterday. Donald Trump held a disastrous press conference today in the Oval Office. He said it was about building this golden dome as he's calling it over the United States of America, this missile system that's gonna cost hundreds of billions of dollars. But Donald Trump was asked about the breaking news that it looks like Russia is further amassing troops along the borders towards Finland and Norway.


And whether that concerns Donald Trump, here's his response, Mr. President on Russia. People actually love it. Mr. President on Russia, are you worried about the Reports on a military buildup along the borders towards Finland and Norway? No, I don't. I don't worry about that at all. They're gonna be very safe. Those are two countries are gonna be very safe. And the second Is third. Now we can literally see where they are amassing their troops. So Vladimir Putin gave Donald Trump a big middle finger yesterday and Donald Trump, they are saying he has no concerns. He says it doesn't concern him at all that our NATO allies are being threatened by Vladimir Putin like that.


Now, what Donald Trump did want to talk about though was not that he wanted to talk about this fake Declaration of Independence that's in the Oval Office, which he claims was the original one. And he just goes on this bizarre rant and says, I took it from a vault. I got the declaration from a vault here, play this clip. The USA, by the way, very importantly. So it's something that I've been looking forward to for a long time. And I just notice you two, Jim, you're standing there behind you is a very important document. Yes, declaration of Independence and that was in the vault for many decades under right under this area. And vaults with pictures on top of Abraham Lincoln.


You see that was the original Abraham Lincoln, the original Washington. And does everybody know who the middle was? General Grant. And so it's very exciting. You look over here and above Ronald Reagan, you have Thomas Jefferson, it's Monroe from the Monroe Docu document. And You know who that is, right? Andrew Jackson. So we have a lot of very exciting pictures. And on the other side, likewise some, just some great great presidents and great people on the these, many of these because people were asking about, and many of them, almost all of 'em were in the vaults or nearby, but generally in the vaults downstairs.


I mean it's pretty pathetic that what concerns Donald Trump is finding a fake declaration of independence from a fake vault versus actually talking about the issues that matter to the American people. And here he is talking about what he calls this golden dome. He goes, it's gonna be $175 billion in total. He says that there's 25 billions gonna go to the Golden Dome. Here's what he says. Play this clip. It's incredible when you think of it. You're shooting bullets out of the air. I'm also pleased to report that the one big beautiful bill will include $25 billion for the Golden Dome to help construction get underway.


That's the initial sort of a down deposit. And we have probably, you're talking about general, we're talking about $175 billion total cost of this when it's completed. So then he's asked like, so are you listening to military commanders or are you just winging this yourself? And Trump says, it's my idea to do this Golden dome. He just likes the word gold and dome. And so now he's putting this golden dome over the United States when we have systems in place that deal with this already here play this clip. And You had mentioned at the beginning of your remark remarks that this was a campaign promise of yours.


Have military commanders asked for this system specifically? Because NORAD had said previously that the current system was adequate. So what does this get? The United States? Somebody said the current system Is before already. There really is no current system. We have certain areas of missiles and certain missile defense, but there's no system. We just have some very capable weapons that hopefully we never have to use, but we have some very capable weapons. Now this is a different league. There's never been anything like this. This is something that's gonna be very protective. I think you can rest assured there'll be nothing like this. Nobody else is capable of building it. Either Was Something that military commanders asked you for?


Did, did they ask you to do this? Well, lemme put it differently. I suggested it and they all said, we love the idea, sir. Right? It's where it's gotta be, right? But they want it. And they wanted it badly once it was suggested. I don't know if they ever thought they would be lucky enough to have it. So Donald Trump is asked about the cost of his budget bill and programs like this. Donald Trump wants to increase the military budget to $1 trillion while gutting Medicaid, gutting supplemental nutrition assistance programs, gutting rental assistance programs. You know, he's taking away these key programs. But given these tax cuts for the billionaires, that many estimate will cost at least 5.1 or at least four to $5 trillion.


So then Donald Trump continues this lie where he says, look, we just brought in $5 trillion from the Middle East. I've just collected 5 trillion. So we are cool, we are good here. Play this clip. When you First announced this idea, critics said it would be prohibitively expensive, potentially ineffective, and could trigger an arms race in space. What do you say to those critics about that? Well, they're wrong as about as close to perfect as you can have in terms of real production. I tell you, Canada wants to be a part of it, which be, You know, fairly small expansion. But we'll work with them on pricing. We'll be dealing with 'em on pricing. They know about it very much.


They've asked to be a part of it. Actually. They've asked us to be a part of it. I think it's something that is great. If you can afford to do it, we can afford to do it. You know, we took in $5.1 trillion in the last four days in, in the Middle East. And when you think about it, that's, this is a tiny fraction of that. But we make it all here. We're gonna make it all here. We have, when I, I will tell you an adversary told me, a very big adversary told me, the most brilliant people in the world are Silicon Valley's. Okay? He did not collect 5 trillion. He didn't even co collect anywhere near that amount of money at all. Look, Saudi Arabia's entire annual GDP is 1.1 trillion Qatar's annual GDP is 200 billion.


And the United Arab Emirate, GDP is 400 billion. You add all of those annual GDPs up combined together, it is under $5 trillion. These countries are not giving their entire annual GDP to the United States of America. He's just coming up with a fake number. The way he gives fake valuations for his properties to justify the fact that the deficit is going to increase by at least $5 trillion. And if you listen to Magar Republican Congress member Thomas Massey, he says that this GOP budget will increase the deficit by $20 trillion is what he says here.


Donald Trump's brain misfires as he tries to say the word document, play this clip. It's Monroe from the Monroe document document. And You know who that is, right? Andrew Jackson.


Let's be real. Doing laundry kind of sucks, but You know, it doesn't smelling amazing. That's why I'm obsessed with laundry sauce. The world's best smelling laundry pods. No more clothes that smell stale and gross. Now I step out in Australian sandalwood. Let me tell you, people notice compliments on my laundry. Never thought that would happen. And it's not just about the scent. These pods are four times concentrated with serious cleaning power. They tackle stains, revive fabrics, and leave everything smelling like a high end cologne. Oh, and if you're into fresh, clean vibes, their new Oregon mint scent is a game changer. I literally just started a load of wash right before I recorded this with that one. It's so convenient and such high quality. What else can you ask for? Well, actually, how about this? If you put your new luxury laundry obsession on autopilot, you save an extra 15 to 20% off every order when you subscribe. And you could start Right now with your first one because Right now you get 20% off your entire order at laundry sauce.com with code Midas 20. That's laundry sauce.com code Midas 20 M-E-I-D-A-S two zero. And after you order, tell them we sent you smell good. Look good, feel good with laundry sauce here.


Donald Trump tries to describe what the Golden Dome is. And he's like, think of it. You're shooting bullets out of the air. Again, he doesn't even know what he's talking about here. He's not saying complete sentences. Let's play this clip. It's incredible when you think of it. You're shooting bullets out of the air. I'm also pleased to report that the one big beautiful bill will include $25 billion for the Golden Dome to help construction get underway. That's the initial sort of a down deposit. And we have probably, you're talking about general, we're talking about $175 billion total cost of this when it's completed.


Then you have Pete Heif sucking up to Donald Trump showing this weird AI photo of Golden Dome, just the, the United States looking gold. And Heif is like add this to the long list of promises made, promises kept. Dude, you said you were going to lower housing prizes and make things more affordable. You said you were gonna end the war in Ukraine in 24 hours. Not this crap. Or play this clip. Go Ahead. Sure. Well, Mr. President add this to the long and growing list of promises made and promises kept. Here's Hegseth also sucking up to Donald Trump more and saying, yes sir. I said, sir, this was a great vision, sir. Here play this clip right here to Talk about this.


How about you closing it out? Yes sir. I mean, like I said, without your vision, willing to say and do things when other people wanted to look away and pretend like the threat didn't exist or be focused on foreign adventurism. Some other threat that we've been told is affecting us. When you looked at the data, sir, from Russia to the Communist Chinese and other, and their capabilities, what they're tried with Doge to supersede us and threaten us. How do we find the best innovators, the best military leaders, the best companies, tech companies? You mentioned open architecture. That's exactly right. So multiple companies can pour into this, sir. It's a layered defense. So if you miss that one, you catch at the next and it integrates existing technologies that can speak to each other.


So it moves quickly while also investing in further ranging space-based interceptors. So our, our enemies, our adversaries are gonna pay a lot of attention to this just like they have to President Trump from day one. Sir, you're defending the homeland, defending the American people. It's gonna benefit my kids and grandkids, all of ours in this room. So thank you for your leadership. We're in charge as best as we can. Alright, Great. Now, just to remind you what Donald Trump had said after his call with Vladimir Putin. This was from a press conference before this one where Donald Trump was asked, you believe that Putin wants peace? So if Putin wants peace, Donald, then why is he continuing to send ballistic missiles to kill innocent Ukrainians and drones every single day?


Ukraine's agree to an unconditional ceasefire. Putin has not cease. What do you say to that, Donald? Here's what he said. You mentioned that you believe Putin wants peace, but he just attacked Ukraine yesterday. So what makes you think that he wants peace? Well, He's in a war, You know, I mean, nobody said don't they? They're fighting, they're attacking, they're attacking each other and people are dying all the time. He's in a war. He's fighting a war. Nobody said he was gonna stop. I think is it terrible? Yeah, it's terrible. I do, I think it's terrible. Bring President Biden, President Biden was Diagnosed. But one of the things Donald Trump has claimed is that during his call with Putin, Putin kept on mentioning Melania and saying, Melania is very respected.


Melania is a very respected person, okay? She's not. And on Russian propaganda tv, they consistently show Melania nudes over and over again to mock Donald Trump. Here's what he said here, play this clip. And compassionate at First Lady, I would tell you she is very dedicated. In fact, if you look at just what I heard, Putin just said, they respect your wife a lot. I said, what about me? You know, they, well, they like, they like Melania better. That wasn't good. I don't know if that was good. I I'm okay with it. I'm okay. And then in the other press conference, Donald Trump then talked about raising tariffs on aluminum, steel cars and pharmaceutical.


He goes, 50, 75, a hundred maybe. Who knows? We'll just raise it, play this clip. 25 years they were taking advantage of us. We never did anything. But now we're doing it to them and, and fairly very, I I'll tell you what modestly, but we'll be taking and we are taking in Right now, 25% in cars, 25% on steel and aluminum, 25% on other things. And that'll be going up to 50, 75, maybe a hundred in some cases. We have to get our pharmaceutical industry back. Once we establish that in another couple of weeks, it'll start roaring back. It's already roaring back 'cause they know we're doing it. And it's, it's really been, you've done a great job.


But he said The damage those pathetic statements are doing, it's hard to even quantify the damage being caused right there by Donald Trump because he continues to spread these lies or continues to then wake up and feel this way or that way about tariffs. And it's having a real effect on our economy and making America look like North Korea, frankly. So MAGA Mike Johnson holds a press conference while all of this is going on. And he's asked the question, can you just talk to us about the budget? What the hell is going on here Right now? And Mag Mike, he just goes, I'm not even gonna answer questions.


I'm just gonna give you my state regime talking points at this point here. Play this clip fact To deliver. And that's what you'll see this house do this week. Now, we're not gonna take a lot of questions this morning 'cause we've already done a ton of media with you in the halls. The president gave you a lot, we gave you a lot. What what we're leaving to do Right now is gather up the small subgroups in the, in the house Republican conference and tie up the remaining loose ends. I'm very confident that we'll be able to do that. There's a great esprit corps in the room this morning. 'cause everybody knows what's at stake. All the things we've talked about here this morning. We are going to get this done. So I'm gonna, this is a rare thing I'm gonna say hold the questions and let me go get back to work so we can finish this thing up. Okay? Thanks for being here this morning. Thanks for this.


And then finally, You know Donald Trump lying and saying the reason that he's cutting food assistance programs is he says, that's going to get you more food. And then he lies and says, gas prices are down to a buck 99. They're not a buck 99 anywhere in the country. He goes on to continue to lie and say that grocery prices are down and that inflation's down and things are going great, which is all a total lie. Play this clip You campaigned on lowering the price of groceries. How do we justify cutting food assistance in this Bill? Let me, lemme just tell you, the cut is gonna give everybody much more food because prices are coming way down. Groceries are down eggs. You told me about eggs. You asked me a question about eggs my first week.


You said eggs. I said I just got here. Tell me about eggs. And it was going through. If You know that eggs now way down. Everybody's buying eggs, groceries down, energy's down. Gasoline is now buying. They're buying gasoline now for a dollar 99. What I, if you look back, you'll see three $54 this country, we are gonna lose this country. Our country now is respected all over the world. All over the world. We respected, we were a laughing stock. The entire, A complete disaster Right now unfolding in the White House, weak, pathetic. And that's Donald Trump's statement, that he's not concerned about this clear and present threat to our NATO allies.


It's showing utter weakness. And let's be clear, the only thing that Donald Trump did yesterday in his call with Putin was basically say the United States is out. Putin, do whatever the hell you want. Ukraine, good luck. America is out after Donald Trump promised he was going to bring peace in 24 hours. A weak, pathetic, vile piece of trash. That is Donald Trump, who deserves zero respect whatsoever, a stain on the United States of American history. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Can't Get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


These days, work is in trouble. We've outsourced most of our manufacturing to other countries, and with that we sent away good jobs and our capability to make things. American Giant is a clothing company that's pushing back against this tide. They make all kinds of high quality clothing and active wear like sweatshirts, jeans, dresses, jackets, and so much more right here in the USA. So when you buy American Giant, you create jobs in towns and cities across the country. And jobs bring pride, purpose, they stitch people together. If all that sounds good to you, visit american giant.com and get 20% off your first order when you use Code Staple 20 at checkout. That's 20% off your first order@americangiant.com with promo code staple 20.