
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going. Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top Podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite Podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com.


Today, Donald Trump is getting absolutely wrecked by a Canadian member of parliament after Trump went on this bizarre social media spree attacking Canada. You've seen this member of parliament from the new Democratic Party, Charlie Angus, on our program before. Here's what his message was to Donald Trump on the day the electoral votes were certified on January 6th. Charlie Angus writes the following, dear Donald Canada has something called democracy. It means the leader is accountable to parliament and can be replaced.


I bet Americans wish they had that now and convicted sexual abusers. I think he means their people found liable for sexual abuse, but abusers don't get to lead our nation. We're decent folk. PS button up. We're sending frigid cold your way. Love Canada. He's responding to Donald Trump's post that says the following, Trump posted again on a day, which should have been celebratory for somebody where the electoral votes were being counted. Here's what Donald Trump wrote. Many people in Canada love being the 51st state.


The United States can no longer suffer the massive trade, the massive trade deficits and subsidies that Canada needs to stay afloat. Justin Trudeau knew this and resigned. If Canada merged with the us, there would be no tariffs. Taxes would go way down and they would be totally secure from the threat of Russian and Chinese ships that are constantly surrounding them together. What a great nation it would be. Trump's writing that on the same day day that Prime Minister Trudeau officially resigned, and now there will be a process to pick a new liberal party leader in Canada.


Angus goes on to say again the member of Parliament who we've had on here who has been very critical of Donald Trump and very strong in a way I think we all wish more politicians were like, especially here in the United States. Angus says, what struck me about the latest Trump's tweet is that he's just seriously not fit for public office. His nemesis, Trudeau resign. I was expecting him to do a victory dance. Instead, we got fed this moron slop than not even MAGA Dimwits could take to the bank. Putin must be thrilled at the state of America, and again, Trump is doing this on January 6th, the four year anniversary of the insurrection.


Not only that, but Donald Trump has also sent Don Jr to go to Greenland, which Donald Trump has also expressed a desire to conquer and take over Greenland and make that part of the United States again, reflecting this kind of imperial conquest. And you've seen other videos I've done on this. Russia is thrilled about this because for Russia, they're like, well, that's what we want to do with Finland and that's what we want to do with Norway, and that's what we want to do with Poland after Ukraine. So you know, this is an age of conquest, I guess. Again, so, and Trump is saying he just wants to do the things that Putin wants to do with his neighbor.


So they're loving this disarray, especially as Donald Trump is attacking NATO allies like so. So Trump sends Don Jr to Greenland after talking about conquering it. And it was a particular slap in the face to the kingdom of Denmark and and Denmark because the, the leaders in Denmark actually had a meeting that was gonna be scheduled on Wednesday with the ruling party in Greenland, which is a territory of the kingdom of Denmark. And so this move right here by Don Jr.


Was intended. This was a message to piss off our allies in Denmark who are, who was a member of nato. I mean, it's intended to piss off our NATO ally that we're gonna conquer one of your territories. That's the message that's also being sent on January 6th, as Neil's Fest group writes, confirmed Trump Jr. Is on his way to Greenland to meet key Greenlandic politicians. Short-cutting Copenhagen. This could be seen as pretty hostile by the Danish government, but certainly delicate to handle. The leader of Greenland's government was scheduled to visit King Frederick of Denmark on Wednesday, and that has now been postponed because of Don Jr flying into Greenland.


So really giving the middle finger right here to Denmark, again, one of our key allies in nato. At the same time all of this is going on, you have Elon Musk making posts as well regarding the territorial expansion. Also just making a bunch of other horrific remarks. Elon Musk, Donald Trump's closest advisor says The people of Greenland should decide their future, and I think they want to be part of America. And he's responding to this post by a a MAGA account that says Trump Jr. Is reportedly in Greenland.


It's a population of 57,000. What's stopping Trump or say Elon Musk from creating economic relations and nudging the entire population towards demanding annexation by the US like Texas did. This needs to happen. And again, Elon Musk is one of Donald Trump's top advisors and aides and is running a fake cabinet post. So this needs to be taken very, very seriously. Folks, as I've said before on other videos that I did, if President Xi Jinping of China said that he was going to take over Japan and said it would be great for Japan to be part of China, and then started posting AI photos of himself on top of buildings in Tokyo with the Chinese flag, and then if he made posts that leaders in Japan should be members of the CCP, the whole world would be taking that very seriously.


They wouldn't be saying, oh, that's just President Xi Jinping being a troll. That's why it needs to be taken seriously. But also when Donald Trump does not back up his threats of conquest with conquest, the way people like Putin and Xi Jinping and people like that do, it also shows just how utterly weak Donald Trump is.


I'm always on the lookout for immune strength during cold and flu season, so I just discovered an incredible product, Armra colostrum. Now my immune health has never been stronger. I recently began using Armra colostrum because I need something to help strengthen my gut barrier, protecting against toxins, chemicals, and pollutants that drive inflammation. Colostrum is the first nutrition we receive in life and is an exclusive source of all the essential nutrients we need in order to thrive. Armra colostrum is sustainably sourced and is a proprietary concentrate of bovine colostrum that harnesses over 400 functional nutrients to strengthen your immune barriers. Your body's inside suit of armor and the first line of defense against harmful particles from the environment that can trigger inflammation and make you sick. Armor, colostrum strengthens immunity, ignites metabolism, fortifies gut health promotes hair growth and skid, radiance and powers. Fitness, performance and recovery. Armour colostrum strengthens all four layers of your gut wall where 80% of your immune cells are housed. When the immune barriers of your gut are compromised, you are left vulnerable. The body's gut wall system is your critical line of defense against particles from the environment that can make you sick. Arm colostrum strengthens all four layers of gut wall system naturally optimizing your microbiome, fortifying your gut wall architecture, and replenishing your army of immune cells, securing your highest integrity, gut health and immune system. It's a rich, exclusive source of immunoglobulins, antibodies that optimize your immune defense during cold and flu season. So I take three to four scoops of arm colostrum a day and increase, increase it as desired for amplified defense as a whole. Food. There's no such thing as too much. We've worked out a special offer for our audience here for this Armra Colostrum. Receive 15% off your first order. Go to try Armra dot com slash midas or enter Midas to get 15% off your first order. That's try Armra dot com. You spell it T-R-Y-A-R mra.com/midas. M-E-I-D-I-S. Go and check that out now. Try Armra dot com slash midas.


Donald Trump's continuing posts were so outrageous today. I mean, just take a look at this one here as well. He goes the story, I mean they're always outrageous. The story in the Washington Post quoting so-called anonymous sources, which don't exist incorrectly, states that my tariff policy will be paired back. That is wrong. The Washington Post knows it's wrong. It's just another example of fake news. And so the message he's also sending right now to Mexico, to Canada are those 25% tariffs, massive tariffs on our allies in the European Union as well.


And I think what we'll see a lot more is America will become increasingly isolated. This plays right into the hands of Vladimir Putin who wants America to become isolated and weaker. Vladimir Putin is not interested in doing any peace deal in Ukraine. Putin made that extraordinarily clear over the, the past few weeks I've covered Putin and Sergey Lavrov, his foreign administer statement saying there's no deal that doesn't involve total capitulation by Ukraine. And you know, just utter destruction like that's what Russia sees as the deal and Donald Trump's not gonna be able to to get that done.


While all of this is going on too, Donald Trump on January 6th was posting photos from the January 6th insurrection back in 2021. I mean, just think about that. He's celebrating what happened on J on J 6 20 21 and then he's lying in post and he's saying, Biden is doing everything possible to make this transition as difficult as possible. I'm not even gonna read the rest. If you want to go read the rest, read it yourself. But Biden invited Donald Trump to the White House, offered all of the resources to Donald Trump that Donald Trump could have gave every resource imaginable to make the transition smooth.


Unlike Donald Trump, who not only led an insurrection to overthrow our democracy, but refused to sign the general services administration paperwork to even allow just like basic things to happen, like the supplies to be transferred over, the offices to be transferred over responsibly. He did not allow any communications between cabinet positions and and wanted to create a situation to cause chaos on day one when Biden would take over. It should also be noted as well that on January 6th you have Donald Trump filing motions in a case where he was criminally convicted.


Michael Poppa, our friend at the legal AF YouTube channel and might as touch contributor, he did a, a hot take on it. So I'm not gonna go into much more detail other than to say that Donald Trump filed an emergency motion to try to stop his sentencing, which is scheduled to take place in New York on Friday by New York Criminal Judge Juan Marshan, who presided over the criminal case of Donald Trump and Trump saying that the transition period confers him absolute transition immunity that presidential immunity applies to even before you are inaugurated.


That's essentially his argument right there should be noted that Prime Minister Justin Trudeau resigned earlier in the day. Now we are in a process where the liberal party's gonna try to pick a new leader, and I think, you know, prime Minister Trudeau did that resigned. His popularity was very low, it was like under 20%, and I think he wanted to give the liberal party an opportunity to try to find a leader in order to take on the conservative party in Canada, led by Pierre Pev, who is more sympathetic or very sympathetic to Trump in the past.


PEV just did that interview with the far right wing podcaster, Jordan Peterson, where they even talked about things like getting rid of healthcare in Canada and getting rid of the kind of public health support that kind of defined in many ways, kind of the Canadian way of making sure health was a human right. I think POed wants to take that away. There you have it, folks. Everything that's keeping you posted on everything that's going down, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be. Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top Podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.