
Democrats are now flipping the script on Donald Trump and MAGA and the corporate media shills who are trying to spread MAGA propaganda. Heres Democratic Congress member Jake Alkens. Watch what he does on Fox. As Fox tries to attack President Biden, Congressman Laus, a democrat who went to Harvard, got his MBA from MIT, led combat troops in Afghanistan. Now a member of Congress. Here's what he had to say to Fox play the clip, That that race is a lot closer. So would it be better to put up a different candidate? The most important polling is American's opinions about Donald Trump.


He's historically unpopular and for good reason because they saw what the disaster of his first term was. And we know that there are Haley voters in the heartland who are desperate to vote for anybody besides Trump. And we have to have a message of law and order to appeal to those voters and mean the Republicans are trying to defund the FBI, they're nominating a convicted felon. They're trying to surge machine guns onto our streets and in our schools, this is not a party that respects the rule of law. Yeah. With respect, Congressman, I mean, I keep asking about Joe Biden, you keep talking, talking about Donald Trump, but there are a number of 'cause of questions about Joe Biden or questions about who can beat Donald Trump because Donald Trump is The Threat democracy right now. Do you really think, do you really think Joe Biden can beat Donald Trump or would Kamala Harris be a pre better person to do that?


Would Gavin Newsom be a better person to do that, do you think after that debate performance, this is the guy you want running for president. Every one of those names that you just mentioned could beat Donald Trump. And the reason why is because Donald Trump is unpopular. He's actually probably the most unpopular national politician of modern American history because voters don't want to see their tax returns have a little partisan affiliation box they have to check next year. They don't want their social security checks to come with strings attached. They don't want forced deportations of their friends and their neighbors who are trying to become American citizens. They don't wanna see him supplicating himself in front of Vladimir Putin like he did in 2018, right? But there are a lot of democratic and independent voters who wanna see somebody with the mental confidence to run.


And increasingly, they don't think that's Joe Biden. The opinion of Pennsylvanians, of Michigan's of Wisconsinites is absolutely vital. Don't disagree with you there. And that is gonna be the challenge ahead of the top of the Democratic ticket, is to make a strong and sharp contrast against what Donald Trump is offering. This is not just about the past and about the record of accomplishments. This is about the future as well. And Democrats have a much more compelling vision of the future than than MAGA Republicans do. We want an economy that works for everyone. We don't want this next tax. Then Democratic Congresswoman Wasserman Schultz, when she's asked by CNN, are you frustrated? And she's like, I'm not. I'm frustrated by you here, play this clip. And Congresswoman, I hear you talking about Donald Trump and trying to put the focus back on him.


He's been very quiet over the last several days and, and has not, has just let this play out for amongst the Democratic Party. I hear you focusing on what the accomplishments you wanna highlight from this president, and yet that's not the story that's out there right now. So are you frustrated? How damaging do you think this is? Particularly as we get closer to November? I'm frustrated that the media is literally dissecting every word that comes out of Joe Biden's mouth and is ignoring the fact that the Republicans are about to nominate again, a convicted felon who's an adjudicated rapist, who still denies that he lost the 2020 election.


Who is committing to upend every single accomplishment that Joe Biden has helped make sure we can re recover after Covid and the 15 million jobs that were created. Yeah, I I am pushing to make sure that we can focus on what the danger lurking down the road is, is that if we don't make sure that we rally and focus on Donald Trump and the extremists good versus evil existential threat that he represents to our democracy, then we are going to end up back there again. And that's the nightmare scenario my constituents wanna avoid. And Then we have the White House press Secretary Kain Jean Pierre pushing back at the media when the press room, lots of the press were whining that Donald Trump was giving them more press conferences.


And they said, the last president came to the briefing room more, and Kareem Jean Pierre goes, yeah, you, you remember what he said Here, play this clip. What they have been a what they have done what to be more clear, George W. Bush and, and also President Obama. So we've been, last one did let his daughters come to the briefing room to speak to us, okay? And we know what that last president said from this briefing room. Okay, so Jen call today had only did three, I think three or four paragraphs, very different, very different approach. By the way, wasn't that the biggest tell from the media right there where they were saying, oh, well, Donald Trump would speak to us. What about telling the American people to inject bleach about saying that he was getting great ratings from his covid press conferences while Americans were dying?


See, that's what the media wants. They wanna feel good about themselves. They wanna feel so important that they're getting these press conferences. They love the drama and we, the people don't want that. We don't wanna be told to inject bleach in our veins. We don't wanna be told that these are great ratings while family members are dying. We don't wanna hear about the leader of of America saying that he's not going to agree to a peaceful transition of power. Like, what are we talking about? I gotta show you Congress Member Chen one more time. Watch what he's gotta say. And again, giving facts, play the clip. The Biden campaign strategy was to talk about Donald Trump and make this election all about Donald Trump.


And now this election has become all about Joe Biden. Is that an election he can win? 14 million Democratic primary voters think he can win it, and the Democratic Party should walk humbly before it contravenes the will of our voters. Unlike the Republican Party, we respect free and fair elections. And what unifies us as a party is knowing that Donald Trump is an existential threat to democracy. And my challenge to my Republican colleagues is, why aren't you having this same public and painful conversation about your nominee? Because on that debate stage, Donald Trump lied every 90 seconds. He yet again refused to say he would accept election results when the last time around police officers died in the line of duty because he tried to incite an insurrection.


He's trying to politicize social security. He's trying to hand Ukraine back over to Russia. How much more do, do house Republicans need to hear before they're willing to do the right thing? You know, as I always say, it's the data, data, data and Congress member Chen Clause doing an incredible job pushing back, flipping the script. Here he is. One more time in that interview with Fox Play the clip. But there are a number of your democratic colleagues who believe this should be an open discussion, a very public one, because the future of the party in these, in these elections are at stake. Do you disagree with that? I think the party needs to have a dynamic discussion about our best ticket.


But regardless of the outcome here, it's gonna be a team sport going forward. Democratic Party has a terrific bench of talent. We got Pete Buttigieg go out there talking about infrastructure and the economy. Gina Mundo talking about domestic manufacturing and now competing in China. Kamala Harris on reproductive rights and the rule of law, we have a strong story because we've got a strong record. This economy was flat on its back four years ago. Since then, it's been 15 million jobs, 18 million small business applications. United States is stronger relative to China for the first time in a presidential administration in 21st century. And so we don't need any one single communicator. We need a team of communicators to actually put voice to our accomplishments over the last four years. And you can see the Fox interviewer getting frustrated there too and saying, yeah, but we're trying to attack President Biden.


That's what Democrats need to do. I'd love to see Congress member Kinloss going on, Fox doing much more media hits like that. He's been on the Midas Touch network, By the way we had him on a while ago, over, over a year and a half ago. He was great.


Let's take a quick break to talk about our next sponsor. ZBiotics. If you're like me, you probably skipped a workout because it drinks the night before. Look, it happens, but if you're committed to your healthy routine, you need ZBiotics ZBiotics. Pre-Cool. Probiotic is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's to blame for your rough. Next day, ZBiotics produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. It's designed to work like your liver, but in your gut where you need it most. Just remember to drink ZBiotics before drinking alcohol, drink responsibly and get a good night's sleep to feel your best tomorrow. Recently I was celebrating my anniversary and I knew my wife and I were going to enjoy a lovely night of drinking at a local winery. As instructed, I drank a bottle of ZBiotics before any alcohol and I was amazed at how good I felt. The next day, give ZBiotics a try for yourself. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas to get 15% off your first order when you use Code Midas at checkout, that's M-E-I-D-A-S. ZBiotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash midas and use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off. Thank you ZBiotics for sponsoring this episode.


Then you have President Biden calling into Morning Joe and here's what he had to say. Play this clip. Chance number one. Number two, remember all us talk about how I don't have the black support. Come on, gimme a break. Come with me. Watch. Watch. I'm getting so frustrated, but by the elites. Now, I'm not talking about you guys, but about the elites in the party who they know so much more, but any of these guys, yeah, don't think I should love him. Run against me. Go announce, announce the president. Challenge me at the convention. You know, on Europe, the polls are wrong in France, they're also right. You know, there, there's no right wave or tide here in America either.


By the way in case you're wondering whether there is one. Have you ever seen Trump run away so fast from what he's for? You know, he is gonna do it anyway. But have you ever, I mean, he's such a liar. This guy is all, everybody knows what they're planning to do. And here's President Biden wrapping up his interview with Morning Joe with some thoughts on Donald Trump play The clip. Time has been more extreme. He makes George Wallace look like a patriot. Alright, president Joe Biden, let's make this a thing. Thank you for calling in. We really appreciate it, and thank you for answering our questions. Well, I'm gone away. If you're willing to hear from me, I'm willing to talk to you.


Thank you very much. We'll take it on a regular basis. All right, thank you, Mr. President, greatly appreciated. President Joe Biden. Reverend Al. Obviously, New York Times has called you one of the most important voices in the Democratic Party. You obviously one of the most important voices, I I, if not the most important person in the Civil Rights movement. You heard the, And as all as that. As all of that was going down, you had Senator Mark Warner from Virginia who was trying to stay Democrat. He was trying to set a call of Democrats to, you know, basically tell Biden to, to, to step aside or whatever they were trying to do.


And then he actually, when it was clear that that just simply was a misread on where the public is, as the democratic base is rallying behind President Biden, Senator Warner canceled it. Here was the moment that took place play the clip, Breaking news coming into CNNA source, familiar with Virginia Senator Mark Warner's thinking tells me that the private meeting that he was trying to organize for tomorrow with other democratic senators to discuss a path forward as it pertains to Biden and his campaign that's no longer happening. The source tells me the purpose of this private meeting with other Senate Democrats tomorrow was to get them on the same page about the future of President Joe Biden's candidacy. But after it leaked out to several media outlets, including CNN, it was scrapped.


Finally, here's President Biden calling out Donald Trump in no uncertain terms, saying Donald Trump is just the, this guy is a liar and a loser. Here play the clip. He's just a liar. And he hadn't done a damn thing since the debate. He's been riding around in the golf cart for 10 days down in Mar-a-Lago talking with his wealthy friend. I'm not running because of these guys. Joe, I'm running because, and you know me well enough to know this, in the very beginning I ran, because I never bought on in the trickle down economic theory. I never bought into the notion that we have to walk away from the rest of the world and cave to Putin or anybody else. I've never, never believed any of that, and I'm confident that's what the American people are.


So what I did was I went out and I wanted to make sure that there wasn't any slippage at all. And with the average voter, I don't care what the millionaires saying. There we go. Democrats flipping the script, By the way President Biden will be speaking to the Democratic Congressional Black Caucus today as well. And this is what I wanna see. I wanna see President Biden fighting. I wanna see Democrats pushing back at these media led narratives. And it's just so obvious as you think about just even the past three and a half years, this was such a mask off moment where the media shows what they really care about, which is frankly, the destruction of our democracy.


If they perceive that as temporarily being better ratings for themselves or so that they can feel self-important. But keep pushing back pro-democracy fighters. Keep pushing back. I'm Ben Marcellus from the Midas Touch Nowhere. Kids subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Thanks for watching. Love this Video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.