
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now, up to 55% off your Babbel subscription at Babbel dot com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, leading Canada, like a wartime president against Donald Trump's reckless and dangerous threats. Prime Minister Trudeau continued to talk about how sovereignty is not on the table. In no way will Canada ever bow down to Donald Trump. Your play. This clip Previously said that it's a real thing that Trump wants to annex Canada. How serious or urgent would you classify that threat? Let's be very clear. Conversations around a 51st state are a non-starter. It's never gonna happen. But we have to take seriously what the president is saying and fold that into our thinking as we continue to stand up for Canada.


Powerful words right there. And we know there is a massive boycott underway in Canada, boycotting all American tourism, boycotting all American products and goods. It is a scarlet letter unless you're absolutely forced to in Canada to buy anything America or to travel to America. Let's go to France. Where there you have French president Macron's slamming Donald Trump's plan to a a VA ethnically cleanse. Let's just call it what it is. Gaza here, watch this Today. I mean, in humanitarian situation. So we have the ceasefire, we have to preserve it. We have to restore humanitarian operations and to we have to save maximum number of people.


But now the right answer is not a real estate operation, this is a political operation just because this is not a free land. This is a place where 2 million people live and want to live. And just because international rights and a lot of treaties and agreements we negotiated and even the US did recognize this rights. So you cannot say to 2 million people, okay, now guess what? You will move. The whole story of humanity is made of tiny part of places where even less than 2 million people were ready to go till till the end because they wanted just to stay. So I, I think we, we have to, to stick to our principles sometimes in this world.


You, you have the feeling to be so old fashioned when you speak about principles, but I will tell you, oh, this is the humanity and, and the civilization is a process. And the process of the civilization is that you learn generation after generations and this is how you improve yourself. And we did learn that you can get rid of people and just push them out of their place when they have a, a legitimate right to live in their place, being recognized by everybody. By everybody. So I think we have to respect the willingness of Palestinian people to have a state and we have to respect Jordan Egypt, this sovereign countries, because they want their securities.


They want to keep their borders. And then you go from macro cr to former British Prime Minister Boris Johnson speaking at the World Government Summit in Dubai. So in the Middle East, he says, you know what? Maybe Mar-a-Lago would be a great place to put the gazen. Maybe we move everybody to Mar-a-Lago. Watch this. You know, I was, I I actually happened to be giving a speech in Florida the other day, and I looked at the beach at at at Maa Largo, and I thought, this is absolutely a fantastic place If you wanted to resettle, you know, millions of people from from the Middle East, absolutely beautiful. Lots of, lots of space here, but it's not gonna happen because somebody else owns it. And Gaza is in, in law, right?


Owned and occupied by, by people who have a right to be there. So that, that is not going to happen. But it's destabilizing to suggest it when you've got, for example, king Abdullah. Yeah, you've got the Egyptians and you are threatening aid. Whether or not this is just open thought, get, have a, let's have a wonderful thought about what might happen. It's destabilizing. Well, but what Hamas did, frankly was destabilizing. And by the way, I'm not the biggest Boris Johnson fan, but when it comes to defending Ukraine and when it comes to stuff like that, you gotta admit he is witty. And at least on those issues, you know, there's something to be said there.


Let's talk about the leader of the liberal Ed. Davey, a member of parliament right here. Here he is talking to Prime Minister Kier Starer, and I love the way they do this in the UK and, and Ed Davies asking if Starmer had reassured Ukrainian president of Vladimir Zelinsky, that he could not be bullied by Trump and Vladimir Putin after Donald Trump capitulated to Putin in the Oval Office yesterday. What a horrific scene that was where Donald Trump bragged about his call with Putin and basically said he was gonna give Putin everything. And Donald Trump said that he didn't view Ukraine as like an equal partner, and he blamed Ukraine for Russia's unlawful invasion.


Let's watch Davy play this clip. If Ukraine is forced to surrender its own sovereign territory to Russia, it'll be the greatest betrayal of a European ally since Poland in 1945. But President Trump says Ukraine may end up Russian and he wants American money back. I think we all fear where this could end and the dangerous implications for our defense and our security. So can the Prime Minister reassure this house that he and other European leaders have given sufficient support to President Zelensky so that he can't be bullied by Trump and Putin into accepting a deal who effectively hand victory to Russia?


Prime Minister, as he knows, I met President Zelensky in Kyiv just a few weeks ago, my eighth meeting. The position since the outbreak of this conflict has been a united position across the house of supporting Ukraine. And I was able to reiterate my position, which is we must put Ukraine in the strongest possible position. Now that matters now just as much as it mattered at the beginning of this conflict, the strongest possible position. And I did discuss with him what more we can do, what more our allies can do to put Ukraine in the strongest possible position. And here's another powerful speech right here from Ed Davey saying that the government needs to draw plans to tariff Tesla. Right now, Elon Musk and Donald Trump should not be allowed to bully the UK while conservatives and Nigel Farage cheer them on from the sidelines.


Watch this. 80 years ago this week, the allies began a penzer movement against German forces between the rural and Theh. British and Canadian troops attacked from the North Americans, from the South, British, Canadian, and American soldiers fighting shoulder to shoulder to defeat fascists. 80 years on President Trump seems to have forgotten all this. His tariffs against steel and aluminum will hit Canada the hardest and will also hit jobs and the cost of living in our country. So in reminding President Trump, who America's true and long, longstanding friends and allies really are, will the Prime Minister also prepare a plan for tariffs in return, starting with tariffs on American electric cars?


I gotta follow Ed Davey a little bit more now. He's reminding me a lot there of Charlie Angus, member of Parliament in Canada, and I think we need the Angus, we need the David. We need this type of energy right now internationally. Let's go back to FRA French. President Macron. Here he is taking a swipe at Donald Trump at an AI summit in Paris while calling on attendees to choose Europe for their business needs. Play this clip Last year we exported 90 terawatt hour 90, which means we can localize a lot of data centers on top of what we need in terms of electricity for our own companies, our own, our own households.


So it's very important in this world where I have a good friend in the other part of the ocean saying drill, baby drill here. There is no need to drill. It's just plug, baby plug. Electricity is available. You can plug it's, it's ready. Folks, some interesting data coming out of Canada as well. It was previously projected in the polls that the conservative party was going to win. There was these snap elections, but now it seems that liberals are projected to win a majority. If Mark Kearney is named the party leader, in addition to Kearney, there's a deep bench.


There's an energy around the liberal party right now. I think as Prime Minister Trudeau is also leading as a wartime president and passing on the baton. In addition to Mark Carney, who was a leader of a bank, he's got incredible CEO bonafides. You also have Christia Freeland. Let me just show you how they are reaching out to the people in Canada. It is rallying people against Trump and against American fascism. So Christia Freeland is running for the prime ministership and become the leader of the liberal party. Here's what Freeland has to say here, play this clip. I have a message today for President Trump. If you force our hand, we will inflict the biggest trade blow that the United States has ever endured.


So every now and then we're reminded about those many healthy resolutions we made over the years to lose weight, to exercise more, and of course to eat better. But a goal without a plan is a plan to fail. So what I did is I tried ProLon Pro On's five day program gives you the tool to put your health goals into action with a science-backed plan that makes it easy to stay focused and achieve real results. Go back and look at some videos of me from about three to four months ago before I tried ProLon. ProLon has made a difference for me and I think it'll make a difference for you as well. So here's what it does. ProLon Fasting Mimicking Diet is a revolutionary plant-based nutrition program that nourishes the body while making cells believe they're fasting. It was researched and developed for decades at uscs Longevity Institute. By the way, I teach at USC law. It all starts with their five day program snack soups and beverages designed to keep your body in a fasting state. No guesswork planning required. Three consecutive cycles of ProLon have been shown to reduce your biological age score by an average of 2.5 years, and your waist circumference by 1.5 inches. It worked for me. As I said, go look at some videos for me in the past. I tried it, it worked. I think it'll work for you as well. So help kickstart a health plan for you. That'll work. ProLon is now offering the Midas Touch Podcast listeners like you, 15% off site wide, plus a $40 bonus gift when you subscribe to their five day nutrition program. Just visit ProLon life.com/midas. That's P-R-O-L-O-N-L-I-F e.com/midas to claim your 15% discount and your bonus gift ProLon life.com/midas. Check it out.


And here's Christia Freeland doing what she does best taking on Trump. This is on cnn. Let's play this clip. Dollar for dollar retaliation. Any tariff imposed on Canada, Canada will respond to, and our response is gonna be smart and targeted. The tariffs the US is threatening Canada with are across the board and they're gonna hurt you. Take aluminum. Aluminum is basically electricity in solid form and in imposing a 25% tariff on Canadian aluminum, you're hurting yourselves. You're putting a 25% tax on electricity and you actually need more electricity today in this AI race with China.


Yeah, our retaliation is gonna be a lot more surgical than that. We are gonna go after American stakeholders who matter to the White House. I have proposed a 100% tariff on all Teslas. I am calling on all the countries that are affected by this tariff to join us, and our retaliation will target specific Trump constituencies. Another group that we're gonna go after is Wisconsin Dairy Farmers. We know how important they are for the president and we're not gonna let them sell their products in Canada anymore. But I also wanna say to you, Erin, we don't have to do this.


Yeah, we have a balanced, mutually beneficial relationship with the United States. We think the best path is to continue with that relationship. I was Canada's lead negotiator the last time Trump was president and we had a lot of fighting and a lot of insults. But at the end of the day, but tariffs were lifted by the United States. We got a trade agreement that Trump said was the best deal ever. And today, the president campaigned on saying he was gonna go after China. He campaigned on saying China is an unfair participant in the global economy and has over capacity in steel and aluminum.


We think the president is right about that. This is the ad she cut, join the fight for Canada, and she's calling out Peepee Pierre pev, the conservative right wing maple MAGA guy who had been sucking up to Donald Trump all this time. Let's play it. I'm gonna let you in on a little secret. Donald Trump doesn't like me very much. Canada, We don't like their representative very much. I'm a tough negotiator. During the first Trump administration, I fought hard to protect Canadian jobs, the Canadian economy, and our way of life, and we won. I left Trudeau's cabinet because I know what we need to do to win that fight. Again, Donald Trump and his billionaire buddies think they can push us around.


Trump thinks we're for sale, but he can take what isn't his. I'm not gonna let him. We're a proud country, the true north, strong and free a country of smart, caring, and hardworking people. A country that gets big things done a country worth fighting for, but pure poly he'll bow down to Trump and sell us out. This moment matters for all of us. I'm running to be leader of the liberal party and our next prime minister. I'm in this to fight for you, to fight for Canadians, to fight for Canada.


Join me, join the fight. Now contrast her and also who she's running against. I mean, mark Carney's great liberal party. He's running for the prime ministership. Let's play this clip. Well, the first thing is we have a lot of cards. We're keeping them close to our chest. We'll start playing a few. The decision those decisions are for the current government. I've been in close contact with our main negotiators, our foreign affairs minister, our finance minister who've been in Washington. Our public safety minister has also been down. We will, we will take steps. I think it's reasonable to expect in the immediate term that we will match dollar for dollar at the US tariffs.


We will target our tariffs against those goods and services that will most affect the United States and least affect Canada. But be CL to be clear, this will be, this will have an impact on the Canadian economy and that impact will be felt more quickly and to a greater extent in the us. But Canadians are in no mood, no mood to make any concessions here. This is entirely unjustified and we have many, many other options that we don't wanna deploy, but we will if we have to. And here's the ad that he's running. Let's play it. You can't stand up to Trump when you're working from his playbook.


Pierre Pev has been a politician his entire life. And in all that time, he hasn't fixed a thing. He just complains misleads and blames everything on someone else. I'm not a politician, but I've always been a liberal because liberals believe that people are free to make their own choices. And your government should protect your right to live the life that you wanna live. But we also believe that good governments empower their citizens to build great things. We can build the strongest economy in the G seven. We can build bridges between each other.


We're a proud nation of builders. And now it's time to build. And here's the statement that came out from the European Union. Let me read it for you. Ukraine's independence and territorial integrity are unconditional. Our priority must now be strengthening Ukraine and providing robust security guarantees in any negotiation. Europe must have a central role in the statement they put out. We're ready to enhance our support for Ukraine. We commit to its independent sovereignty and territorial integrity in the face of Russia's war of aggression. We share the goal to keep supporting Ukraine until a just comprehensive and lasting pieces reached a piece that guarantees the interest of Ukraine and our own.


We are looking forward to discussing the way ahead. Together with our American allies, our shared objectives should be to put Ukraine in a position of strength. Ukraine and Europe Must be part of any negotiations. Ukraine should be provided with strong security guarantees. A just and lasting piece in Ukraine is a necessary condition for a strong transatlantic security. We recall that the security of the European continent is our common responsibility. We therefore working together to strengthen our collective defense capabilities. Now, contrast that to what Donald Trump disgustingly said in the Oval Office. Let's play it. May As an equal member of, do you expect Ukraine Say it? What Do you view Ukraine as an equal member of this peace process?


It's an interesting question. I think they have to make peace. They people are being killed, and I think they have to make peace. We will. I said that was not a good war to go into, and I think they have to make peace. That's what I think. Horrible stuff. Oh, let me, let me lead you out here with another clip by Charlie Angus, member of parliament in Canada play this clip. Well, I really don't wanna waste a lot of time trying to deconstruct the idiocy that exists in Donald Trump's brain, but wasn't it just a week ago we were gonna get a 30 day pause, and what week ago wasn't the threat? Fentanyl, the supposed narco state that Canada is, and now he's focused on steel imports and aluminum.


So again, to the American industry that's dependent on massive access to steel and aluminum through all the sectors of the American economy. Well, you might want to call Donald tomorrow because he's just thrown you for a loop. He's certainly thrown our communities for a loop in the steel and aluminum sector. But I think what's really fascinating is that nobody in Canada is surprised. I mean, did anyone believe this guy, his word could be trusted. He's a criminal. He's a convicted predator. There You have it, folks. Hit subscribe right now and thank you for all of your support. Have a good one. Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.