
Meta AI is the personal AI to help you with whatever you need, plus it meets you where you are. Not only is Meta AI now an app, but it's also only apps you already know and love. Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, and Messenger. Plus the RayBan Meta Glasses. It's easy to access wherever you are. So whether you're talking or texting, meta AI is convenient to use throughout your day. Experience our newest AI that's tailored to you by downloading the Meta AI app. Try the Meta AI app today on the Apple App Store and Google Play.


Bed Rivers Sports book is your home for chance and our exclusive Bed Rivers basketball squares where you could win up to $10,000 in bonus money. Just place a qualifying same game parlay and you get a square at no extra cost. It's fun, it's exciting. It's your chance to win up to $10,000 in bonus money. Bed Rivers basketball squares take a chance. Must be 21 plus available in Virginia only void or prohibited. Lower bonus money awards are more likely full terms and conditions available@bedriversquares.com. Gambling problem call 1 8 8 8 5 3 2 3500.


The Rural way of life is about making everyone feel at home. Tractor Supply shows advanced 5G Solutions from T-Mobile for business to transform intelligent customer service. Together we put the power of AI to work across 2200 stores, keeping things running seamlessly inside curbside and countryside. This is Elevated customer experience. This is Tractor Supply with T-Mobile for Business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash now.


This episode is brought to you by Hulu presenting Paradise. Paradise is Hulu's critically acclaimed addictive drama series starring Sterling K Brown, Julianne Nicholson, and James Marston. The Daily Beast calls Paradise. Your next TV obsession and the New York Times says it's exhilarating in all the right ways. Paradise is for your Emmy consideration in all categories, including outstanding drama series. For more information, visit fyc.hulu.com.


Nurses, are you tired of spending weeks or even months finding the perfect job that matches your specialty with your ideal shift and salary? LinkedIn has improved your job search experience, search by specialty, the shift you wanna work and the salary you wanna make. Go to linkedin.com/nurses and begin searching today. That's linkedin.com/nurses. Note, side effects may include less time finding the perfect job, working a shift that you love with a salary that can take you to St. Thomas Jamaica and continuous smiling because of how simple this process was.


Goodbye Donald. You were not missed at the G seven. As the responsible adult and very furious world leaders had productive discussions. On Tuesday. In your absence, Donald Trump fled Alberta, Canada like the coward that he is because he was too afraid to meet with President Zelinsky at the working session on Tuesday or to meet with Modi from India on Tuesday or to meet with the president of Mexico, Claudia Scheinbaum. On Tuesday, Donald Trump fled and ran back to the United States and Donald Trump said the reason he did that is because he doesn't like phones and he says that he needs to be back at the US 'cause he hates using phone devices.


Take a look at this photo right here and just look at this image. All of the world leaders, the immediate G seven as well as the other nations as well, who join for the kind of cooperation part of the summit. Look nowhere is the United States normally you would see the US right there in the center, but you see in the center, prime Minister Kearney of Canada, French President, Emmanuel Macron, prime Minister Kire Starmer, right there all the way on the left you have Frederick Meritz of Germany. Next to him you have Anthony Albani, the Prime Minister of Australia. Look all the way, all the way in the back left, right there.


Do you see who that is? That's Treasury Secretary Scott Besson who would used to live in the pink Barbie Malibu mansion in Charleston, South Carolina. And did you notice they put him all the way on the left in the back row? Take a look right here. Olga Eva, she does an incredible job. Take a look at two days ago what the G seven liter table looked like. You see over there Donald Trump seated on the right. All right on the screen you see next to him Prime Minister Carney and next to him, French president Emmanuel Macron. Look at day two. They gave zelinsky Donald Trump's chair the real leader of the free world right now, president Zelinsky taking Trump's chair.


No doubt they did that on purpose. Now I'll show you this clip right here. This was pretty much the last thing that happened before Donald Trump left the G seven early on Monday and was not there with the working group of the other nations. Take a look right here of Italy's Prime Minister turning to French President Emmanuel Macron and just look at the eye roll at Donald Trump and look at Donald Trump from Monday. Just how uncomfortable he looks there, how awkward and out of place he looks there because he doesn't belong to be there. Dear. Play this clip Now again as Olgan Rova post, the G seven working Group is beginning on Tuesday.


World Bank is also attending. Mexico is represented there, although Claudia Scheinbaum was there, they had a foreign minister attending. Mark Carney, the prime minister of Canada said, welcome everybody to the most important session of the summit that was clearly directed at Donald Trump for missing the most important session of the summit. French President Emmanuel Macron posted this, his meeting with Zelensky on Tuesday, French president Emmanuel Macron showing what adult has, how adults behave. He writes with President Zelinsky at the G seven, we stand in solidarity with the Ukrainian people after last night's massive Russian strikes.


We are determined to increase pressure on Russia to accept the immediate and unconditional ceasefire that Ukraine is ready for. Germans Chancellor Frederick Mertz post the following, good to meet you here at the G seven Zelensky. You can be sure we will continue our military support to your country. We see the terrible images of Russia's massive strikes and stand in solidarity with your people. We will increase our pressure on Russia. This war has to end. And Germans Chancellor Frederick Marz gave an interview where he pushed back strongly at Donald Trump saying that Putin should be a member of the G seven, that Russia should join and it should be the G eight and it should never have become the G seven.


Frederick Merrits in this powerful interview says we don't let barbarian war mongers into the G seven. There's a reason Putin was removed. Donald Putin was removed because he was starting wars with allies of the G seven when it was the G eight. That's why we kicked him out. Here's Frederick Mez saying that we've translated it with the AI for you so you can hear what he said. Back then it was unchanged for true. We do not sit here in this format with war lords and not with war criminals and that's why it remains that Putin has no place at this table here.


And again, we had world leaders meeting with each other. Prime Minister Kearney welcoming Mexico's very popular president, Claudia Scheinbaum right there. While all of that was taking place, you had Donald Trump making this post yesterday. It is my great honor to announce that I will be putting up two beautiful flagpoles on both sides of the White House, north and south lawns. It is a gift from me of something which was always missing from this magnificent place. And he goes, there will be the most magnificent polls ever made. That's what a little petulant child baby is doing. No offense to petulant child babies who behave more mature than Donald Trump.


Here's what Zelensky post president Zelensky who was at the working session says. I met with the World Bank Group President AJ Banga to discuss continued assistance in assessing the damage inflicted on Ukraine and preparing the relevant reports. I share that Russia's attacks are becoming increasingly brutal and which makes it vital to intensify efforts in pooling global resources. In support of Ukraine, we paid particular attention to the development of Ukraine's energy sector and reconstruction projects. President Zelinsky posted this photo as well addressing the G seven summit. I emphasize that Russia is ignoring every diplomatic offer made by the international community.


Diplomacy is in crisis. There is one clear reason Putin has openly rejected every peace initiative. Look at that table. Donald Trump, of course, is not at that table. President Zelinsky goes on to say, today we have concrete decisions on increased military support, new tranches of aid funded by frozen Russian assets and additional sanctions targeted what fuels Russia's war. It is important that partners are ready not only to support our defense now, but also to rebuild Ukraine together after the war ends. I thank everyone who is helping us stand against Russian aggression and who together with Ukraine is building a robust security architecture for the future.


Again, that photo posted where Donald Trump is not there, but is treasury Secretary Scott Bessant is President Zelinsky goes on to post the following. Last night, Russia carried out one of the largest combined attacks on Ukraine since the beginning of this war. The targets were our cities, meaning ordinary people, ordinary families. In their homes. There were 440 drones, most of them shaheed drones and 32 missiles of various types including ballistic ones and those with cluster warheads. One ballistic missile hit a residential building. It went through from the top floor down to the basement. Rescue operations are still ongoing. People are being searched for under the rubble.


In Kiva alone, there were about 30 locations where either missiles struck or debris fell. Nearly 150 residential buildings were damaged and kyiv alone. As of now, we know that 131 people were injured, 15 people were killed. Among the dead is a citizen of the United States. Our air defense systems were active across almost the entire country. Many drones and missiles were intercepted. Thanks largely to the support from your countries. This is a matter of life and death. We must continue getting air defense systems and missiles and move toward localized production in Ukraine. It's an urgent need to save lives.


We must also take into account the cooperation between Russia and Iran on one side and Russia and North Korea on the other side, Russia upgrading Iranian shahied drones and then transferring their production, upgraded versions to North Korea. This is a threat not only to Ukraine. We are working now to develop and deploy interception drones to protect our cities from the Shahid, our cities, and therefore yours. We need additional financing to produce them. These new interceptors are important for Europe, for the Indo-Pacific and for Japan and Canada and the United States. By the way, speaking of Ja Japan, prime Minister Ishiba was there and did not have any productive discussions with Donald Trump before Donald Trump fled the G seven to run back to Washington dc.


Also, the European Union did not enter into any trade deals with the United States. Despite Donald Trump confusing the EU for the UK and telling Prime Minister Kiir Starr that a great deal was just done with your country. The European Union,


Hey parents, we all know getting a good sleep can feel impossible when you have a newborn. That's where Happiest Baby comes in. And it's been a lifesaver for me. Founded by world renowned pediatrician, Dr. Harvey Karp, they've created smart sleep solutions that help families get the rest they desperately need. Starting with snoo, SNOO Smart Sleeper is a responsive bassinet that uses gentle rocking and white noise to soothe babies to sleep. It can add one to two hours of extra rest each night and automatically responds when babies fuss so you can stay asleep too. Very important for me, it's the only bassinet that's FDA de Novo authorized to keep sleeping babies safely on their backs. It's trusted in over 180 hospitals and now companies like JP Morgan Chase, Google Red Bull, Activision, blizzard, Yeti, Barstool Sports Rare Beauty, and others are offering free SNOO rentals as a benefit for their employees to help new parents get more rest. Want your company to give you a free snoo head to happiest baby.com/referral to refer your employer. You could also be eligible for up to $10,000 if they join the program or head to happiest baby.com/midas and use the code Midas to get 20% off SNOO and other smart sleep solutions like their award-winning sleepies swaddle and the SNOO B smart white noise machine today. Because every family deserves better sleep. And for me, I can tell you it's been a lifesaver for me and my wife. So go ahead there. Happiest baby.com/ Midas Plus


ZELINSKY says the following, and this is directed at Donald Trump. Even if the American president Donald Trump now does not apply strong enough pressure on Russia, the truth is America still has the most global interest and the most allies. They will all need strong protection. We must keep working together with the highest level of coordination, not only politically and diplomatically, but also technologically and through investment. Increasing weapons productions in Ukraine is the fastest path to results. Russia continues to carry out terrorist attacks and offensive action actions. Together we must continue urging Trump to use the influence he really has to force Putin to end this war.


It was the US and Trump who proposed a ceasefire, the resumption of diplomacy. But Russia blocked every effort. The war continues because of Russia from the start, it has been an unprovoked criminal war of aggression. We must not forget that we must continue applying pressure in every direction, diplomatic, economic, military, to finally bring peace. And here's what a real leader, prime Minister Kearney had to say with President Zelinsky by his side play this clip. I would like to start by condemning in the strongest terms the latest outrage barbarism from Russia and expressed my deep condolences.


And those are the Canadian people to the families in Kyiv who were affected. This underscores the importance of standing in total solidarity with Ukraine, with Ukrainian people. And we had a discussion last night amongst G seven leaders president and I will, we'll, we'll discuss more and then we'll of course we'll have the direct discussion in a moment together. But we underscored the importance of using maximum pressure against Russia who has refused to come to the table. The president has led unconditionally to come to the table in search of peace and maximum pressure includes financial pressure.


And Canada is announcing today several measures. Sanctions first and foremost against the number of individuals in Russia against over 40 entities in Russia and beyond that are trying to contribute to the evasion of sanctions. The sanctioning of over 200 vessels in the shadow fleet that Russia is using again to try to evade these sanctions. That's the first thing. The second is we are providing additional military assistance, drones, helicopters, broader munitions, over $2 billion worth of assistance directly to Ukraine. And thirdly, we are dispersing the next Charles of the loan based on the frozen Russian assets.


Over $2 billion as well. This is our contribution. We'll be working with our European and other allies for their contributions to provide the support and to be absolutely clear, the support will be unwavering until we get adjust peace for Ukraine. Ukraine people. And here you have Prime Minister Kearney answering questions at the press conference after Donald Trump fled What Canada is doing moving forward in multiple respects with measures to support Ukraine and its struggle in Russia's unjustified and barbaric war with our international partners. We're launching a major new package of sanctions on individuals, on companies, on vessels, the shadow fleet to exert maximum pressure on Russia.


We're also sending over $2 billion in funding for drones, ammunition, armored vehicles to help Ukrainians defend their territory as well as a $2.3 billion loan to help rebuild the infrastructure in that country. And take a moment to reiterate our condolences. Given the, the barbarism witnessed overnight in kyiv caused by Russia, G seven leaders also reiterated our commitment to the pursuit of peace and stability in the Middle East. Made clear that Iran is the principal source of regional instability and terror.


And here Prime Minister Kearney is again, let's play It. Hi, Mr. Kearney, JP Tasker from CBC News. How are you? I'm great. Okay, good. Thank you. JP President, how are you? How are you jp? I'm just fine. That's good. Couldn't be better. Really? Yeah. President Trump says that. Was that, sorry, that was your question. No, Not so fast. President Trump says tariffs are simple and what you're proposing to resolve the trade dispute is complex. What's he talking about? What have you pitched? That's complex. Complexity is in the eye of the beholder sometimes. And look, we have mutual interests in security, border security and military security and in commercial prosperity.


And we have a variety of pass of those discussions. The government of Canada is going to agree only to those things that are fundamentally in the interest of Canada. In many cases there's alignment with the United States. And Just so you see what a normal diplomatic interaction is, unlike Donald Trump who shows up and is Like who you be? The GA eight Putin. I hate American cities. Democratic cities are the worst. Oh, oh no scum Pritzker. I don't like the America Uhuh. That's Donald Trump. Let me just show you a normal diplomat like my impression, normal diplomatic interaction. President Claudia Scheinbaum with Prime Minister Kearney here play.


It is a great honor to welcome President Scheinbaum to the G seven. You know, it was, it was immediately clear from our first discussion in the other room, the enduring value of the president's leadership in the importance of Mexico being at the center of International cooperation. And if I may, madam President, I'm going to quote you that there is no progress unless it's shared. And this is the spirit that the president brings that Mexico brings and the Canada shares with you.


Thank you. Thank you so much, prime Minister. We highly value the relationship with Canada has been very important for us. There you have it folks. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.