
This episode is brought to you by Ring. From package deliveries to lonely pets, ring cameras and doorbells. Make it easy to check in from anywhere, right from your phone. Be there with ring. Learn more@ring.com.


Congress is back in session, meaning the Magar Republicans are again holding unhinged hearings that we're exposing on the Midas Touch Network. Democrats going on the offense yesterday led by Congress member Eric Swalwell. Watch Congress members swalwell, call out the Magar Republicans for their latest unhinged and frankly, very xenophobic conspiracy theory that Haitian migrants by the thousands are in Springfield, Ohio, stealing people's cats and dogs and eating them, and they're also jumping in waters unknown and killing ducks and eating them as well.


Watch this. What in the hell is this? The chairman tweets protect our ducks and kittens in Ohio because he goes some down, goes down some crazy rabbit hole. Completely debunked that aliens are eating pets. My God. Are you okay, Mr. Chairman? Because last year for a very long time, you tweeted and promoted Kanye West as he was calling for genocide against the Jews, and you kept it up. And now when we have victims coming here, you're tweeting this nonsense.


I I don't know why you would do this. I hope you're okay. I don't know if the e the aliens who are eating your ducks are in the room with us right now. And contrast that to Marjorie Taylor Greene, who's at these committee hearings spreading the unhinged conspiracies. Play the clip. Wait, can we add in that there's Haitian illegal migrants taking over towns, eating people's pets. Yeah, but yet there's not a government show of force against that. However, it is against these people that protested the election. Well, They're not as dangerous. Sorry. Sorry to interrupt. No, I just wanted to interject that. Thank you of, of That eight, and compare that to Magar Republican Congress member Eric Burleson and others who are at the DC jails in solidarity with the most dangerous January 6th Insurrectionists, who attempted to kill capital and metropolitan police officers.


And they're posting selfie videos of themselves. These MAGA Republican Congress members play the clip. Hi, Congressman Eric Burstein. I'm just visiting the DC Jail. We had a hearing today with Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene and others. And so I wanted to see firsthand the conditions that these JS six prisoners are experiencing. Unfortunately, they turn me away. I'm a member of Congress. I'm a member of the oversight committee that has direct jurisdiction over the city of Columbia. And unfortunately, they're gonna have, they apparently don't have enough room for me to be a part of the tour. We got their information we are gonna schedule and we're gonna keep on it until we, they do let us in so we can see the conditions firsthand.


Now, one of the most aggressive Democratic Congress members, Jim McGovern on the house floor, let's watch him. And to make matters worse, Mr. Speaker Republicans have jammed the Save Act onto the Sierra because why not mix up government funding with more ridiculous conspiracy theories about voter fraud? I know why they wanna bring this bill to the floor. They are worried they won't win in November without pushing conspiracy theories. Mr. Speaker, let's, let's set something straight. Non-citizens cannot vote in federal elections. Let me repeat that. Non-citizens cannot vote in federal elections. And if they vote, it is illegal.


It is a crime. And guess what? They've done studies, even conservative institutes say there is no evidence that non-citizens voted illegally in large enough numbers to shift the outcome of any election. We all know what this is about. It's not about voter fraud. This is part of their Project 2025 plan to undermine the vote, count and take total control of the government. You see, Mr. Speaker, they want power whether they win or lose at the ballot box, and so they will claim voter fraud. Whatever happens, the facts be damned. I mean, do republicans really wanna talk about the threat of voter fraud?


Well, let me remind the American people. The only ones committing voter fraud in an attempt to overthrow an election are Republicans. We've seen this movie before, following Trump's loss in 2020. In the 2020 election, he and his cronies allegedly conspired to overturn the will of the American people by submitting fake electors to falsely certified the Trump won the election. He didn't win the election. He lost the election. And what did those efforts get them? Well, let me tell you, dozens of people across four states have been indicted over this election fraud scheme.


So Republicans wanna talk about the threat of voter fraud. Give me a break. They are the threat. Another clip here of Democratic Congress member Jim McGovern. Let's play it. Gentleman from Massachusetts is Recognized. Well, thank you Mr. Speaker. And I want to thank the gentleman from New York for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. And I yield myself such time as they may consume. The gentleman is recognized, Mr. Speaker, this entire Republican majority has been one gigantic, complete total failure, a complete mess from day one with these people in charge.


It's an embarrassment. We've got eight weeks left in the hundred 18th Congress to do our legislative work eight weeks. And instead of doing something to make life better for anyone or hell, even the bare minimum, by stopping a government shutdown, we are considering a no good stop gap resolution that extends funding into 2025. And you gotta love this. You really, you gotta love this. The gentleman from New York is on the floor today trying to convince everyone to vote for the bill when republicans cannot even convince their own members to vote for it. I mean, seriously, every minute I look at my phone, I see another Republican defecting.


Mr. Speaker, the Republican manager is wasting his time debating me. He needs to be debating his Republican friends who are coming out against the bill in droves. Clearly, they don't have the votes for this awful plan. So why are we wasting time here in this house on a bill that has no chance whatsoever of ever becoming law? Mr. Speaker, this is embarrassing for your side of the aisle. It's mid-September. Republicans said they would get all 12 separate appropriation bills done before we left for the August break. Yet another broken promise among a long list from Speaker Johnson to add on to all the broken promises from Speaker McCarthy before him.


To all my parents out there, I don't need to tell you how busy you are. Our next partner makes mealtime for all kids much easier and more enjoyable. This podcast is sponsored by Nurture Life. Nurture Life is a meal delivery service focused on helping busy parents like you easily feed their babies and kids from 10 months old to 10 years old. So the company provides fresh meals and snacks that are delicious, nutritious, and fully cooked. That means they are ready to serve. In just one minute, nurture life lets kids enjoy a healthy nutritionally balanced diet while still eating all of their favorites like Mac and cheese, spaghetti and meatballs, and much more. So parents can be sure there's always something on the menu that their little ones will love. What sets Nurture Life apart from other meal delivery services? Let me tell you, without a doubt, it's how amazing they taste and how healthy they are. It's because their meals are made fresh every week. Seriously. They're never frozen and they're shipped directly to your door. Nurture Life is the top meal delivery service for babies and kids. And it's even allergy friendly too. Seriously, my family is obsessed with it. So how does it work? It's simple. Select from over 50 varieties of nutritious, balanced meals on their weekly menu, from finger foods for babies and toddlers to kids' meals, and for older kids. Then Nurture Life does the cooking for you, and fresh meals are delivered straight to your door and refrigerated packaging, nurture Life's Submiss mission is to raise the standard for children's food in America, one meal and snack at a time. And that's why I'm happy they're our sponsor, along with full meal options. The Nurture Life menu includes on the Go Snacks and Superfood smoothies as well. Kids will love them. It's about time that a flexible meal subscription existed for babies and kids. So head to nurture life.com. Use the code Midas, get 55% off your first order. That's right, 55% off. Once again, that's nurture life.com. N-U-R-T-U-R-E-L-I-F e.com for 55% off. Use that promo code Midas so they know we sent you


Meanwhile. You have the Mag Republic in House Judiciary Committee using their official account on X. This is an official government account to post those photos that Congress member Eric Swalwell discussed. You also have Nancy Mace using AI to make those posts as well. You know, PBS did a deep dive of the Haitian migrant community in the Ohio area, and actually how significantly they've contributed to the economy there. I wanna show you that in a second. But first, just to show you, the Springfield Police Department obviously has looked into this. There is no incident at all yet alone, thousands as the MAGA Republicans claim of pets being stolen and eaten by Haitian migrants.


But if you think about it, what the Haitian migrants are actually doing, they are working really hard in the economy. And they are some great great Americans and some great great people working in America here play this clip. It started slowly. We had an application pool that was a little bit different. People Coming to work Here, people, people looking for jobs. What he's welding here again, are welded axle components. Jeanie McGregor is the CEO of McGregor metal, which makes welded parts for the auto and farm industries. Right now, about 10% of his workforce is Haitian. Over 30 employees. I wish I had 30 more. Our Haitian associates come to work every day.


They don't have a drug problem. They'll stay at their machine, they'll achieve their numbers. They're here to work. And so in general, that's, that's a stark difference from what we're used to in our community. McGregor acknowledges the sudden arrival of so many new immigrants is a challenge on multiple fronts, but he believes this is partly how the industrial Midwest can regrow. We want more jobs in our community and in order to fill those jobs, some jobs need to be people who are not originally from here. A community of more than 80,000 emptied out to less than 60. That is until the last few years, Our churches, we've seen new people In the pews.


Yes, Absolutely. West Bian was the pastor at First Baptist Church for almost 20 years. For years we've lost people. But you hope somebody else will come and take their place. That that hasn't happened here Until Now. Because there are folks from Haiti who are coming to church. Luke's MEUs, who among his many other jobs mans, the soundboard for Sunday Services, is one of those new Haitian members. Why Springfield Of all places? Me, Zeus, with his wife and daughter were among the first Haitian families to arrive here in 2018. I got a decent job when I was in Haiti and then to make a difficult decision to leave, it wasn't easy.


Now, one of the big things that's happening as well is that Donald Trump has ordered the Magar Republicans to shut down the government unless Donald Trump's requirements are met regarding his view, which is entirely false, that there's all this election fraud taking place. And Donald Trump basically posted, shut it down, shut the government. Unless I have the assurances that the election fraud will stop. Well, there's absolutely no evidence of the election fraud other than, as you heard with Jim McGovern. The Magar Republicans are the ones who are engaged in fake electoral certificates. It's all projection and confession.


But here, mag Mike Johnson went on CNN, and he basically hinted at that he would be okay with shutting down our government, we, the people harming us, causing us pain to try to help Donald Trump here play this clip This afternoon, a former President Trump posted on truth social quote. If Republicans in the House and Senate don't get absolute assurances on election security, they should in no way, shape, or form go forward with a continuing resolution on the budget. The Democrats are trying to stuff voter registrations with illegal aliens. Don't let it happen. Close it down, unquote. Your colleague in the Senate, your counterpart minority leader Republican Mitch McConnell, is pushing back against Donald Trump's demand that house Republicans shoot down this continuing resolution to fund the government, which you've spent a lot of time trying to get past.


McConnell says, shutting down the government is always a bad time. Who do you side with when it comes to passing the con, the continuing resolution to continue to keep the government open? Mitch McConnell or Donald Trump? I don't think they're saying different things. Jake. I think President Trump is saying exactly what I have been saying, and that is we need assurances on election security. Mitch McConnell was asked, why is it that your buddy Dick Cheney now is endorsing Vice President Kamala Harris play this clip? Kall your friend Dick Cheney over the weekend endorsed Kamala Harris. He called Trump the single biggest threat to the Republic in its history. Why should Republicans listen to Dick Cheney or, or what is he wrong? Well, you'd have to ask the Chaney about that.


Thank you. And I'll show you this moment from one of the hearings where MAGA Republicans trying to spread lies about COVID-19. Here is Andrew Cuomo at the hearing where he was being attacked by MAGA Republicans. Here's what he had to say. Play this clip. Thank you. First are the families of the victims here today and across the country. I am sorry for your loss, and I believe you are owed an apology because this country should have done better. There is no reason why we lost 1.2 million people more than any country on the globe when we have the most sophisticated medical system.


This committee must deliver real answers so it never happens again. And I am here today to help in that mission. As you know, New York was hit first and worse by Covid through no fault of its own. I did daily briefings and millions listened in because they wanted no, because they needed information and guidance. And yes, I often vehemently disagreed with President Trump because from day one, he willfully deceived the American people denying Covid D's very real threat, telling us that it was like the flu, it would go away by Easter. It was a democratic hoax. Use Clorox and his lies and denials delayed our response, let the virus spread.


And this country never caught up. No. And just to give you a taste of how unhinged these MAGA Republicans are. Last night when Donald Trump got off the plane to go to the debate, look who was with him right there. Laura Loomer was the first person to get off the plane with Donald Trump. Yes. The Laura Loomer, who has made some of the most horrific posts imaginable making. I don't even wanna sh I mean, I could just, I'll flash some of these posts so you can see the types of things that Laura Loomer has been saying about Vice President Kamala Harris. And this is the type of person who Donald Trump has elevated and who he showed up to the debate with.


You can't make this stuff up folks. Very, very despicable. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thank you all for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.