
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply


When you've lost Fox and Trey Gowdy, the former Congress member Republican who led the Benghazi hearings against Clinton. That's saying something, and Matt Gaetz and Donald Trump appointing Matt Gaetz is setting even Fox off for most of their hosts and most of their panels. Here's Trey Gowdy on Fox referring to the fact that the House Ethics Committee has completed an ethics report on Matt Gaetz, who Donald Trump has now nominated to be the Attorney General of the United States of America. And Trey Gowdy says, look, that report's going to come out.


I know that the MAGA Republicans in the house want to try to bury it, but it's either gonna come out one way or another, so let it come out right now. Let's know what the people said about Matt Gates and the underage girls who testified before the House ethics. The witnesses out there who were saying that Matt Gates was having sex with underage girls. Let's get it out there. The public deserves to hear This is on Fox. Here's what Trey Gowdy says on Fox Republican play this clip. Yeah, the overwhelming majority of his picks will sail through because they were grand slam picks. But to Molly's point, you don't root out corruption at the Department of Justice by picking a corrupt person to lead it.


So Matt Gates, either the report comes out and he's not gonna be the Attorney general or the report doesn't come out and he's not gonna be the attorney. General I mean the, the problem Brett is all the good picks. John Lee Radcliffe, Elise de Lee Elden, Mike Waltz, all the good picks. Nobody's talking about those right now. They're talking about this wild card pick of someone who had To get out of the house to avoid being sanctioned by the House Ethics Committee that that dumbfounding pick is just sucking the oxygen out of all the good ones he made. You are referring to the situation with the report in the House Ethics Committee Johnson.


Here he is again on the Brett Bearer show and Gowdy says, I don't even think it's 50 50 amongst Republicans in terms of the support for Matt Gats. He goes, Republicans don't support this guy in the Senate. That is now the house is a whole different story, but watch Trey Gowdy here play this clip. Alright, let me ask this back to our cabinet casino. If you have a hundred dollars in chips, this is an audible, what percentage of those chips are you putting down that at least one of these cabinet nominees does not make it through? Trey, Can I get more than a hundred?


Everything I have, I, I talk to senators all the time. One of them is not going To get through Because you're confident that the headcount is, is not there. The headcount is not even 50 50 on one of them. One o one one of them can't even get half the Republican senators. But I'll let you guess from our earlier discussion who that might be. I sense, I sense where that's going with you. Okay, Molly, what In this line by Trey Gowdy is, it's not even a matter here of if you have to pick between someone who's competent but has low character, he's like, gates lacks both competence and character here play this clip. Well, we'll see. I I think the, like I said at the beginning, a lot of these senators want To get most of these through, if not all that they can.


Trey, I'll give you last word on this about Molly's point about the DOJ not going forward. The FBI not going forward with with charges against Gates. Yeah, well, Yeah, with, with all due respect to Molly, I was there for it. If you only give credit to somebody, give it to Cash Patel, Jim Jordan, John Radcliffe, James Comer. Don't give it to the guy that was out putting on makeup while other people were doing the investigation. He just picked Jay Clayton. He just picked Todd Blanche, both of whom would be fantastic. They would do exactly what you wanted done. You don't have to pick between character and competency. You can actually have both in a nominee, but Gates doesn't have both.


And as a lawyer from California named Mitch Jackson says, he goes, oh, brilliant. Move America out of a country full of seasoned lawyers and judges. Your guy is really going with Matt Gates for Attorney General. The guy under investigation for, let's see, sexual misconduct, drug use and obstruction of justice I mean, why not add in a circus act while we're at it? This is the highest legal office in the nation, not amateur hour Gates' legal resume and listen to this. 'cause I know there's a lot of talk about, you know, gates and of course his potential criminal conduct. But Gates' legal resume, it's a masterpiece. He practiced law for a grand total of about one year.


He never took a case to trial. Did he ever even set foot inside a courtroom? His top three cases? Let me paint you a picture of what Gates was doing when he was a lawyer. He sued an elderly woman in a debt collection case because she couldn't pay a home care firm. His dad just happened to own classy. He battled it over a beach volleyball net placement for a homeowner's association. Legal, legal stuff right there in my personal favorite, a lawsuit against two fishermen accused of swiping a promotional boat from a local restaurant high stake. So this is who your guy and the GOP are trusting with the entire Justice Department.


Yeah, that'll go well. I wanted to share that one because I know a lot of time is spent talking about gates and underage women and drug use girls and a drug use. But I think that that's his full legal resume right there as well when he was a lawyer. Here is Senator Amy Klobuchar and here's what she has to say about Gates play this clip. Secondly, this is a, our job in the US Senate and how the founders of our country set this up with a system of checks and balances. That's why we have to have hearings. That's why we have To get to the bottom of this. And these are clearly allegations. Well, they may not have at the time risen to the level of criminal.


These are allegations. We need to know when this person would be overseeing an agency that does things like investigate fentanyl crimes, take on major sex trafficking rings. I think we need to know this. And I just keep looking at like conservative commentators like Ben Dom who said that he considers Matt Gates vile. Okay, I don't know Matt Gates, but I have heard more negative things about him from the Republican side than I don't think I've heard ever before for a nominee Trump. So clearly they would, they have to. It's going to be on them to make this decision. So Trump Is he or she is again, but Jake Tapper, let's play it. Let Me just do a little devil's advocating here.


Okay, Jake. One, allegations and investigations are not convictions. The Justice Department did look correct into this case and they did not bring charges against Congress. Former Congressman Gates and two Speaker Johnson might say he's no longer a congressman. He resigned And. it is not the tradi tradition of the HA House ethics committee to release reports on people who are no longer members of Congress. Well, first of all, this has happened a number of times with a Republican senator. When he left for the good of the public, the report was released and a Democrat in the House of Representatives once left and the report was released after. So that's not true.


These reports have been released.


It's time to break up with your trash can. No more stinky garbage or raccoon messes. Lomi is your clean eco-friendly partner. With Lomi, I get to turn my food scraps into dirt with just the push of a button. It's a countertop electric composter that transforms waste into nutrient rich dirt in less than four hours. I can run it while I sleep, just like my dishwasher. No more smelly trash bins. And it's so quiet I barely even notice it's on. Since getting my Lomi, I've been taking out way less garbage. I used to haul out like three full trash bags every week. Now I'm down to just one. Last night I tossed all the leftovers from dinner into Lomi, hit the button, and by morning it was nutrient rich dirt instead of a smelly bag of trash. And what I love most is knowing how much waste I'm keeping out of landfills. Less trash means less methane. And with Lomi, I'm turning waste into dirt. My plants absolutely love. It's so satisfying to know I'm doing my part for the environment without any extra effort. Getting my Lomi was one of the best decisions I made for my home. I used to feel guilty about all the food waste I was tossing, but now Lomi has completely shifted that. If you are ready to make a positive environmental impact and may clean up a breeze, Lomi is exactly what you need. Head over to Lomi dot com slash midas and use promo code Midas To. get $50 off your Lomi. That's $50 off when you go to LOM i.com/m EIDS and use promo code Midas at checkout. Say goodbye to food waste and hello to a cleaner greener kitchen with Lomi and with the holidays around the corner, Lomi makes the perfect gift for someone on your list.


Alright, well what's MAGA Mike Johnson saying, I mean these guys are the worst. Here's maga Mike Johnson saying, I'm strongly requesting that the Ethics Committee does not issue the report on Matt Gaetz play this clip. I'm Going request I'm strongly request ethics that in the house. I I think that would be a, a terrible question. So did you hear him there? Why wouldn't you? How corrupt to your bone, to your core, can you actually be where you go?


You know what? There's a report out there that has detailed credible information that the guy that Donald Trump appointed to be the Attorney General of the United States. Is ato, a drug user, a crook, a criminal? There's a, a ton an obstruct of justice to lead the Justice Department. We have a report, but as the Speaker of the House, I'm strongly urging, do not release the report. If that doesn't make your blood boil, then I don't think you have blood because that should piss you off. On the other hand, the MAGA conduct speaks for itself on that analogy I gave right there.


Here's Democratic Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz saying most parents would not trust or should not trust their daughters or kids around Gates. You are telling me that you are gonna let this guy be entrusted with our entire Justice Department play the clip. No experience whatsoever with the Department of Justice other than being a subject of investigation for trafficking, sex trafficking minors. I mean that that's his experience with the Department of Justice. And you know, I mean we're talking about someone who would be responsible for the entire system of justice, who has been an investigated by the system of justice and has no other experience Other than that it is an extreme outrageous nomination and one that obviously I think should be defeated.


And let's talk about former Hawaii Democratic Congresswoman Gabbard to the director. Lemme, Sorry, lemme just ask something else. I I mean because this is an extremely important appointment. I mean you wouldn't trust Matt Gaetz. Most parents wouldn't trust Matt Gaetz with their teenager, nevermind with our entire system of justice. And here though, Nancy Mace, who used to be very anti Matt Gaetz until her district was gerrymandered so that it became full maga. And then she leaned in full Maga and wore the MAGA hat and went to Trump Tower and said, I love you Donald. I love you so embarrassing. After Donald Trump insulted her and said horrible things about her, she's like, I love you.


Take me back, Donald. That's like literally what she said. I've done other videos on that. She also did a video, local newspapers warned about this in South Carolina where she was like, they were drinking shots of like vodka and vomiting in each other's mouths. It was like the grossest thing I've ever seen. I'm sorry I've even shared that with you. But it's like a video from her days right before she ran from Congress and they were spitting vodka in each other's eye. It's gross. Don't don't, don't Google it, don't watch it. I, you may want don't do it. Here she is right there talking about Matt Gaetz. Now she's a big fan of Matt Gaetz. He's a champion of civil rights. She says, play this claim. I Support all of Donald Trump's appointments that he is seeking, including Matt Gates.


This is someone who's been very good on civil rights and civil liberty issues. He's good on cannabis issues. Something that I'm very passionate about. He's someone that believes in the Constitution. And I think that's really important when you're looking at who's going to lead in, in, in that department. And also Trump is also pointing other folks, including attorneys as well, to support Matt Gates and I support all of the individuals Trump is putting forward today. You know, curiously, on the one hand, you want to have the opportunity to ask questions and have people challenge for the sake of the American people's information in the vaccine space. But isn't there, you, you, you kind of giving a carte blanche of sorts to Donald Trump. You don't have any questions about the process or concerns?


Well, there's about any of the appointees. Well, there, there's a process of checks and balances. You showed earlier on the program tonight, the, the Senate majority letter leader, Senator Thune who said that there is a pro, Just to show you what a clown show these s are as well hears MAGA Republican, Ralph Norman saying, look, the best thing about Matt Gaetz is he triggers the libs. He owns the libs and, and these leftists, these left wing socialists. So they're afraid. Play this clip. As you know, gates is Trump's pick for Attorney General. He was the subject of an ethics committee investigation over whether he engaged in sexual misconduct and illicit drug use. The committee was supposed to vote on whether to release that report on Gates today.


But now that Gates has resigned from Congress, the report has been scrapped. What are your thoughts on Matt Gaetz? Can he actually get confirmed or is, or or is it not? He's not getting confirmed and everybody knows that. Look, Matt Gates is a brilliant legal mind. Matt Gates will, he will be the left winging socialist worst enemy when he, I think he will get confirmed. Matt can handle himself. He has nothing to hide. The DOJ dismissed all the charges. The political witch hunt, and Matt knows this, the political witch hunt on the ethics reports have been done by house members and And it, we know who, who pushed that against them?


He pushed back. DOJ dismissed it. And so, but he has nothing to hide. Matt Gaetz is a tremendous pick. You can trust what he does and he's a risk taker, which is good And. it is what is what's needed in that position. Okay, that's, that's good to have to, to hear from you because I know some of your colleagues don't feel that way. You know, they, they, how does that even happen? I guess greed, money, corruption. But how does that even happen? What we're watching there, you are defending the indefensible, which shows you though in a broader lesson, right, the depths of depravity. It has no floor with them.


If you can do the mental gymnastics with ease that a Ralph Norman does or a Nancy Mace does, you could in your mind justify any atrocity at all. Right? I mean, you can see how these people can justify literally the unthinkable with that same logic or illogical. It's gonna own the little. Y'all realize what you're supporting, right? So I just hope we, the people take note of it. I give Trey Gowdy credit and that Fox segment credit for doing the, telling the truth to the people, which they should. But then of course you have this other kind of counter programming, if you will, that you see.


Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million Wooah, subscribe. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.