
Special counsel Jack Smith just responded to Donald Trump's supplemental request to try to dismiss the Mar-a-Lago document case on the basis of a concurring opinion by Justice Clarence Thomas. In the overall Supreme Court decision, which granted Donald Trump absolute presidential immunity in the absolute immunity ruling, justice Clarence Thomas wrote a single author Justice Concurrence, meaning just Clarence Thomas wrote it, none of the other justices, where Clarence Thomas said, you know what? In addition to absolute immunity for core constitutional functions, official acts, which we should give broad presumptions, that everything a president does is an official act and also the inadmissibility of any evidence relating to official acts.


I wanna go a step further, and Justice Clarence Thomas, who we all know is on the take now, who's been bribed more than $4 million in clear and present view, said, you know what I want? I think that the special counsel in general is unconstitutional and Judge Eileen Cannon, he didn't say her name specifically, but he goes, any case involving the Special counsel's office, those cases should be dismissed too. Wink, wink, wink. And as we reported then, justice Clarence Thomas was quite literally sending a message to Judge Eileen Cannon, the judge who Donald Trump appointed after he had lost and telling her what to do to try to get the Mar-a-Lago document case dismissed.


Now, before Justice Clarence Thomas wrote that concurring opinion, there were multiple days of hearings that were held by Judge Eileen Cannon, for which she has failed to rule yet. 'cause as we know, she issues paperless order, paperless order, paperless order, and never makes a ruling. But the very fact that she entertained Donald Trump's motion to dismiss the indictment in the Mar-a-Lago document case on the basis that the special counsel was unlawfully appointed that the special counsel is unconstitutional and that the funds appropriated to the special council are unlawful. The fact that she even held a hearing for that, where the United States Supreme Court has held previously over and over again that a special counsel is statutorily authorized and permissible, just told you where Judge Cannon is going.


But look, folks, the fact that the Supreme Court has precedent and says certain things doesn't mean that these Supreme Court will ever change its mind and reversed it. They reversed Roe v. Wade, they reversed all our jurisprudence on what's called the lemon test as it relates to the separation of church and state, which they say isn't really a thing anymore. They've abolished all of their precedent regarding administrative agencies saying there should no longer be deference to administrative agencies. And they've basically thrown out the whole constitutional system we have by saying that there is someone who's above the law, the presidency is above the law, and you can kill people, whatever, as long as it is an official act, go for it.


Well, special counsel, Jack Smith responds here to Judge Cannon and says, look, we know that Judge Justice Thomas is sending you this message, but Justice Clarence Thomas is wrong. You will be wrong if you side with Justice Clarence Thomas. Here is what Jackman said, and By the way. What this shows too is Jack Smith's ready to fight. Jack Smith does not look at the Supreme Court's absolute immunity ruling and say, I'm done. The Supreme Court said, you know, go away, tap out. Jack Smith is saying, I'm gearing up for battle in the long term right now. This may be a setback what the Supreme Court did, but I am not going to stop until Donald Trump is throwing behind bars where he deserves.


Here it is. Government's response to defendant, Donald Trump's notice of supplemental Authority. Jack Smith writes, the government hereby responds under local Rule 7.8 to defendant Donald Trump's submission as supplemental authority. Trump submitted Clarence Thomas's message, the concurring opinion to Judge Eileen Cannon. Exactly what we said to you was the whole plan of what Clarence Thomas was doing there. The government agrees to supplemental briefing on the immunity issue addressed in the Supreme Court's opinion. Trump's notice also refers to Justice Thomas' concurrence addressing the Special counsel's authority to prosecute that single justice concurrence addressing an issue that Trump did not raise, that the parties did not brief.


And that was not relevant to the question presented to or decided by the court. Neither binds this court, nor provides a sound basis to deviate from the uniform conclusion of all courts to have considered the issue that the Attorney General is statutorily authorized to appoint a special counsel. And as the concurrence recognize, the Supreme Court found that the statutes on which the government principally relies here, namely 28 USC sections five 15 and 5 33, supported the appointment of the special prosecutor in United States versus Nixon.


And then it goes on to cite that. In other words, special counsel Jack Smith is saying here that Justice Clarence Thomas on his own decided to make a ruling in his concurrence. And it's not authored by any of the other Supreme Court justices. So it should not be given any presidential value. It doesn't bind this court. It's not part of the Supreme Court's main ruling itself. But Justice Clarence Thomas on his own we're aware, judge Cannon basically decided to write you a note, decided to write you a letter, and we're gonna call you out on it. You're a loose cannon.


We don't know what you're going to do, but we want to put you on notice that we're aware of the scheme that took place, that what we would be doing is we're prepared to go to the 11th circuit if you decide in this situation to ultimately dismiss this case. Now that Clarence Thomas gave you that instruction or directive when the rest of the court did not so hold, that's what we're gonna do. So do what you want to do, judge Cannon, we are ready.


Let's Take a quick break to talk about our next sponsor. ZBiotics. If you're like me, you probably skipped a workout because it drinks the night before. Look, it happens, but if you're committed to your healthy routine, you need ZBiotics ZBiotics. Pre-Cool. Probiotic is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's to blame for your rough. Next day, ZBiotics produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. It's designed to work like your liver, but in your gut where you need it most. Just remember to drink ZBiotics before drinking alcohol, drink responsibly and get a good night's sleep to feel your best tomorrow. Recently, I was celebrating my anniversary and I knew my wife and I were going to enjoy a lovely night of drinking at a local winery. As instructed, I drank a bottle of ZBiotics before any alcohol, and I was amazed at how good I felt. The next day, give ZBiotics a try for yourself. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas to get 15% off your first order when you use Code Midas at checkout, that's M-E-I-D-A-S. ZBiotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash midas and use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off. Thank you ZBiotics, for sponsoring this episode.


Ultimately, this may actually potentially backfire for Judge Cannon if she feels I, here's what Jackson Smith's waiting for. And and you know this, by now, by watching all of my breakdowns on Judge Cannon, she has not made a substantive order because she knows that she would likely be reversed by the 11th Circuit and then she's gonna get removed from the case. So over the past, over a year now, getting close to, what, 18 months or so since the indictment issue, then there was a superseding indictment last August. She hasn't made a substantive ruling yet.


Think about that. And you know, that's why I cover, here's a paperless order, here's a paperless order, here's another paperless order where she just moves the schedules around and then says, okay, let's do more briefing. Or, you know what? I may deny this without prejudice, meaning it's not binding. Go submit more briefing to me. You know what? Let's have a scheduling conference. Come here and then I'll move the dates here, I'll move the dates there. Come back to me. You know, let's re brief that issue. Make some more argument. 'cause she knows the moment she makes that substantive ruling, Jack Smith takes it, goes to the 11th circuit, tells the 11th circuit to remove her. The 11th Circuit knows that Judge Cannon's own supervising judge in the Southern District of Florida Court wants Judge Eileen Cannon gone as well.


The 11th Circuit wants Judge Cannon gone because she's just making an embarrassment of the law. I mean, just the sloppiness, the disorganization, the overt favoritism. She's not even doing it in a crafty and careful way. It's an embarrassment to the entire circuit and to all of her peers. So she's gotta make a ruling. So now, if she buys into what Clarence Thomas is saying, who's just one justice, who said that Jack Smith then goes to the 11th circuit and then could try to get her finally reversed, what do I think she's gonna do? I think Judge Cannon extends this briefing schedule all the way past the election, and she's gonna try to delay this, delay this, delay this.


Now, if you say, can you get rid of Judge Cannon any other way, she can get impeached, but that's not going to happen with the Republicans controlling the house. So that's an impossibility. I'll leave you with this thought though here. So the, the only way to get rid of her is if ultimately there's a motion to recuse her to get rid of her with the 11th circuit, where you need some substantive order to be able to do that. But I'll leave you with this. So Donald Trump accuses all of these other judges of like rigging things and it's unfair. Well, the Supreme Court justices you appointed who did not recuse themselves in a case involving your attempt to overthrow our democracy, made a ruling with other three right-wing justices that you were above the law, that you have the powers of a monarch, and that America's a monarchy basically, and you can kill people.


And as long as it's an official act, you can get away with it. Then you had Justice Clarence Thomas send like a love letter to Judge Cannon. Called it a concurring opinion, but sent a letter to Judge Cannon, giving her instructions to try to help you. Where cases went before juries, Eugene Carroll liable for sexual assault, other Eugene Carroll liable for defamation. Another jury convicted on 34 felony counts. Grand jury indicted, indicted, indicted in four grand juries where people, where the way our system of law works, where you go before juries, you lose where you call in a favor from corrupt right wing justices who are trying to undermine and destroy our system of law.


They give you, you, you remember growing up with Game Genie, which would allow people like to cheat in the game. They give you the cheat code and then just say, oh, you don't have to go in front of a jury. You don't have to follow the law. We, the people need to recognize what's up though. We, the people need to see what's up and deal with it. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Thank you so much for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.