
This episode is brought to you by MeUndies. While MeUndies can't totally help your love life this Valentine's Day, they can offer you insanely comfy undies and loungewear to buy or gift. MeUndies has so many awesome Valentine's Day prints and styles. Plus you can match with your partner friends, or even your pets. This Valentine's Day give the gift that'll keep them thinking of you and score huge sitewide savings at meundies.com/spotify. That's meundies.com/spotify. MeUndies comfort from the outside in


Super Bowl 59 1 game two teams endless possibilities. And there's no better way to make every play more exciting than with FanDuel Sportsbook. Whether you're predicting the first touchdown, who will take home the MVP trophy or the coin toss. FanDuel makes it easy to place your bets and feel the thrill of every moment. With live betting all game long, you can jump into the action, adjust your bets, and ride the wave of excitement from kickoff to the final whistle. Plus, to make the Super Bowl even sweeter, new customers can score 200 bucks. When you make your first bet, just place a $5 bet and If you win, you'll get 200 in bonus bets. Download the app or head to fanduel.com/bet. Big and bet with FanDuel official partner of Super Bowl 59 must be 21 plus and present in select states for Kansas in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit fanduel.com/rg. Call 1 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut, or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 support in Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny or text Hope NY in New York.


I'm joined by California Senator Adam Schiff. Senator you grilled Cash Patel, Donald Trump's pick to be the director of the FBI that hearing took place earlier. What's your reaction? Well, I think If you were watching the hearing, you could see this is the guy that roast the ranks in Trump world by being the guy that wouldn't say no to the president, who would do things that others would not. This is the guy who was promoting songs by a prison choir that included people that had beat capitol police officers. He tried to disassemble about that today, first saying that he had nothing to do with these recordings, and then went confronted with statements he made on Bannon's podcast about how we did this to produce it.


And we, you know, mastered the recording and we went to the studio, suddenly denied that by we he was including himself. So there were some absurd efforts at deflection, some clear demonstrations of dishonesty, but more seriously an unwillingness to acknowledge that he was glorifying people who would attack law enforcement. He refused to talk about what he testified before a grand jury in the Mar-a-Lago documents case. He was maybe the first FBI nominee director nominee in history to have to take the fifth before he would testify before the grand jury. So this is not someone you want running the FBI.


You use the words disassemble, dishonesty. Look, you were a former federal prosecutor. Do you believe his conduct today in lying rose to the level of perjury? You know, perjury is a tough case to prove. He clearly made contradictory statements at times, contradictory, contradictory statements from the beginning of the hearing and later in, in a different part of the hearing. But perjury is a high bar. No, I think what he did today was essentially claim that he didn't remember all the statements he'd made in the past. He would need to know the context of saying that there were cowards in uniform on January 6th, that he wouldn't possibly suggest that that meant the law enforcement officers being beaten that day.


There used to be a time when it would be considered a heresy for an FBI nominee to say that anyone was a coward in uniform, whether they were police officers as clearly appears from what he said or whether they were military, as he's suggesting that that is somehow better that he's calling our uniformed officers cowards in uniform. But this is not someone that can be trusted in the premier law enforcement agency in a position where frankly, there's not a lot of review of what you do If you start an investigation. Not many people get to see it. If you target people, you can be doing it without a lot of disclosure.


And so it has enormous power and it's not someone you want who's untrustworthy. And the people that serve with Cash Patel in the Trump administration, like former Attorney General Bill Barr or John Bolton or Charles Copperman, or all these people that got to see his work think it's disgraceful. He is been considered for this. You know, obviously disqualifying to you the Democrats who are questioning him as well. But you know, the Repub, a lot of your Republican colleagues ostensibly are gonna vote for this guy who clearly doesn't have the temperament, qualifications, the things he said is outright disqualifying. So one, I guess what's your reaction to that?


But two, then what, what can we, the people do? 'cause to me this isn't a re this shouldn't be a Republican or Democrat or independent issue. This should just be an American issue that the FBI director is saying horrific things about cops and police and is making songs with people who tried to kill cops and is bragging about making masters and, and singles on the billboard charts. Well, I mean, that's exactly right. That is what he was doing. That is now what he's trying to deny and distance himself from, notwithstanding all the proud posts he made about how we're gonna hit number one. And even during the hearing today, he seemed quite proud that his violent criminal choir made it to number one on the charts.


But here's the thing with respect to my colleagues on the committee that you asked about, and what are they gonna do? How could we really consider a nominee this unqualified, this really disqualified, I pose that in my closing statement today in the committee, that we are already just a week and a half into this new administration. The president has fired prosecutors, his justice Department has fired prosecutors who investigated him. They are investigating the investigators just as they threatened to do. They have fired inspector generals in contravention of the law that history has littered with democracies that lost their way and lost their freedoms and lost their democracy, and didn't know it was happening while it was happening.


And I made a plea to my colleagues, let's not add our country to the list, because I do think that's what's happening Right now. And we seem to be blithely walking down the path of one man rule and that way destruction lies. Do you think it can be stopped though? I'm gonna talk about the freeze, the government for other things, but as you're bringing that up Right now, these are dark times. Donald Trump's holding the press conferences that give me the flashbacks to the inject yourself with bleach like a miracle. It's all gonna away, gonna go away. Covid press conferences every day. WMD weapon of mass distraction. Look here, look here.


The posts he makes on social media amplifying Q anon accounts, it's craziness. People are worried. They're hearing all of this. What, what can we do? I think that's what people wanna know. Like what can we do to protect our democracy and, and what are the Democrats in the Senate in the house otherwise doing to, to to, to step up? Well, look, we're gonna get through this. It's gonna be a rough four years. We just have to acknowledge that, but we are gonna get through this. And the way we get through it is by using every tool at our disposal. If you look at, for example, this executive order to freeze all federal funding, we mobilized to push back.


We organized ourselves on the Senate floor. We had others bringing private litigation. We had people speaking out at the local, state and federal level, and they were forced to backtrack. Now, that's a very partial victory because they have made it clear that okay, they're rescinding their memo, freezing all funding, but they're not stopping. This is a temporary setback for them. We are gonna have to, in every respect that we can, where they're violating the law and constitution, push back, fight back and expose what they're doing and the harms it's causing to the American people. This is a guy who ran on lowering the price of eggs. Well, look at the price of eggs Right now.


Look at all these executive orders and ask yourselves, what is this really doing for the American people? On the central reason? People supposedly chose Trump, and that was he was gonna bring down the cost of living. Well, almost none of what he issued by executive order does anything of the kind. So get involved with an organization that is picking an important part of this fight. The best thing I would say for your viewers to do, to avoid the, the despair that comes from feeling you have no control over what's happening is to be involved. You don't have to invent the wheel If you care about what he's doing to the environment and his drill, baby drill and the fact that it's producing these deadly fires in California and deadly hurricanes in North Carolina, there are lots of great environmental groups to get involved with.


If you care about what they're doing to go after the trans community or to go after the reproductive freedom rights of Americans. There are organizations that are fighting to protect people. If you wanna weigh in on the immigration debate and push back against mass deportations, there are groups that will allow you to be a part of calling attention to these, these acts of great inhumanity and speaking out and acting out and joining those litigating to push back. You know, Donald Trump does the thing where on the one hand, he's the strong man, I know everything. Look, I fixed it all on day one. It's all perfect. Then tragedy strikes and he acts like I had nothing to do with it.


I don't know. It's President Biden's fault, it's Pete Buttigieg hiss fault. It's the fault of diversity. You know, he held this press conference earlier today where he was asked about this devastating, tragic plane crash. The plane from Kansas heading into DC over 60 people died. President Trump was asked about it and he blamed it on diversity. He said it was Biden's fault as as were being searched for in the heart of the, the, the tragedy. That's where he went right away. What does that tell you about him and, and, and, and just about the situation in general? Well, what it tells us, again, what it really reminds us of when it comes to Donald Trump is there's only one guiding philosophy.


There's only one ideology, and that is self. That's the only consistency with Donald Trump. He'll say things five ways, come Friday, he'll contradict himself twice before lunch, but the only through line is he will do and say whatever he thinks is best for him. So if that means making up stuff about a crash or making up stuff about fires or making up stuff about really any disaster or failure on his own part, he will lie and obfuscate, blame everyone else. Play the victim. That's what he does. This is not someone who rallies to bring the country together at times of tragedy. This is someone who all too often adds to the tragedy with these kind of gratuitous attacks on other people.


So sadly, I think we're seeing this replayed again. We're gonna see it for four more years before we're finally through with this part of our history. But that's who he is. You know, he seems to have Senator Adam Schiff, derangement syndrome. He consistently makes up stories about you, posts about you on social media, seems to be kind of constantly thinking about you, and just also just saying a bunch of like really weird, just weird, weird and strange things about you. He's very fixated on your appearance, which I also think is just like a very strange thing for, you know, to do. But I'm not gonna psychoanalyze him there. But one, when he does that, like what's your reaction to it, just as like a human being when the president now is saying that to you and then two, you know, just your overall reflections when that happens and you know what's gonna happen almost weekly or daily Now, You know, I, I've sadly had to get used to it over the years.


I remember the first time it happened, he attacked me on Twitter. This was, I think in just a few months into his first term, sleazy Adam Schiff. You know, corrupt is Corrupt. That I can't remember what else was in that first tweet, but I was quite desperate to respond. I was on the house floor and my colleague Mike Thompson from Napa grabs my arm and he says, Adam, you should tweet back Mr. President, when they go low, we go high, go fuck yourself. I dunno if I'm allowed to say that on your podcast, and believe me, I was sorely tempted. But you know, since that time, as you point out, there have been innumerable similar attacks from the presidents, sometimes weekly, sometimes daily. The kind of thing as you, as you say, that, you know, calls me different names that, that I, you know, you might hear when you're in the fifth grade, but most people grow out of when they get to the sixth grade.


But apparently not in the case of the president, but I just, as my dad used to say, you gotta let certain things roll off you like water off a duck's ass. And that's what I do. Finally, Senator, one of the signs of hope I think we've seen here is that over the past 48 hours on this network, around 23 million views on this YouTube channel. So that's more than the three top Fox shows kind of combined in that same time period. So people want to hear from people like you and other democratic senators. They're, they're craving info and data and what do we do? And we wanna rally. So I, I'll just leave it with this, you know, what's your kind of sign off message today in this interview?


And I hope you'll come back and we'll, you know, you know, check in throughout this, this congressional and Senate term, but what's your message just to the people out there in general, with everything going on with prices not going down, going up, housing is not more affordable, the price of eggs through the roof, gas is going up. What's your, what do you wanna say to the people? I would say two things. First, we're gonna get through this. I think people need to have the confidence in knowing we're gonna get through this, but second, we gotta keep our eyes on the prize. We gotta focus on those things that truly matter the most destructive acts by the president. We can't be chasing every crazy squirrel that comes outta Trump land. That means we need to focus on things like freezing all federal funding that affect people who are on Medicaid, that affect whether there's rent that people can pay to stay in their homes.


We need to focus on mass deportations, which means that millions of people could be separated from their kids. He's threatening to send people to Guantanamo the inhumanity of what he is proposing and, and trying to effectuate. We need to focus big picture too on what's happening to our country and how he wants to turn this country into one man rule. All of what he's doing with the firings of inspector generals, with the firings of people, the Justice Department, with the purging of federal employees. All of this is designed to create a one man rule state. We can't be oblivious to what's happening and we need to put things in that context so people can see them clearly.


But finally, to get back to my first point, we're getting through this. We will, you know, buckle up. It's gonna be bumpy over the next four years, but we'll get through this together. California Senator Adam Schiff, thanks for joining us. Please come back whenever you Want. Thank you, Everybody. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers by next week. Thanks for watching. Can't get Enough Midas, check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Popowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast Right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.