
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spend $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a price they have. My favorite brand. It's like a whole new BU Dodge. Ah, I Think buy two. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals you'll love Burlington. I told you so.


The new KFC dunk it bucket with juicy original recipe tenders. New mashed potato poppers, crispy fries, plus three sauces that fit right on top of the lid. So you can dunk anywhere. You can dunk at the game dunk while security points to the no outside food sign and dunk as 20,000 people watch you and your dunk it bucket. Get removed from the stadium dunk almost anywhere with the new $7 KFC Dunk it bucket. Or get the double dunk it bucket for 25. Prices and participation vary while supplies last. Texas tips and fees extra.


We covered the massive hands-off protests over the weekend. Let's cover some of the Democrats who are now going on TV and fighting back, going gloves off going, I guess as they would say in Canada, elbows up here is Democratic Governor of Minnesota, governor Tim Walls talking about Donald Trump. Let's Play this clip. Donald Trump snatching up college grad students and sending them back or sending folks to El Salvador illegally. That's not the policy. But for us to them to say we don't care that violent criminals come in, we most certainly do. What we were asking for is the resources to make sure they don't get here. And the same thing with the other policies.


It, it's not a woke policy to provide food for children to get breakfast and lunch, and we get better outcomes from that. They defined things on their terms that weren't true. And what I'm saying is, are we gonna turn away from being a country of legal immigration? Are we gonna turn away from a country that that thinks diversity and are making sure that we don't have gaps in income between blacks and whites? Those are policies that have strengthened America. And I Think what we allowed ourselves to do is we, we got timid and then when we got power, we didn't pass things that improved people's lives. This whole idea, I Think the Democratic Party gets theoretical. You know, talk about food insecurity. People are hungry.


Get 'em food. As I've said before, I wish we saw more of this side of Governor Walls during the campaign, although I thought he was great during the campaign. I just like when he's a little looser and just speaking from the heart, here he is again saying, what are they even talking about? Woke policy. Because we're trying to give people food and we're trying to give people an education Play this clip Donald Trump snatching up college grad students and sending them back or sending folks to El Salvador illegally. That's not the policy. But for us to them to say we don't care that violent criminals come in, we most certainly do. What we were asking for is the resources to make sure they don't get here. And the same thing with the other policies.


It, it's not a woke policy to provide food for children to get breakfast and lunch. And we get better outcomes from that. They defined things on their terms that weren't true. And what I'm saying is, are we gonna turn away from being a country of legal immigration? Are we gonna turn away from a country that that thinks diversity and making sure that we don't have gaps in income between blacks and whites. Those are policies that have strengthened America. And I Think what we allowed ourselves to do is we, we got timid and then when we got power, we didn't pass things that improved people's lives. This whole idea, I Think the Democratic Party gets theoretical. You know, talk about food insecurity. People are hungry.


Get 'em food. Next up, democratic Senator Adam Schiff, he's been on the Midas Touch Network numerous times. Here he is on Meet the Press talking about this enduring image of Donald Trump golfing over the weekend as the markets were crashing, as Donald Trump told people, he doesn't give an F if people are upset, Play this clip. Unfortunately, he's wrecking our economy. I Think people have seen their retirement savings on fire. And there he is out on the golf course that may end up being the most enduring image of the Trump presidency. That is the president out on a golf cart while people's retirement is in flames.


The Treasury Secretary saying that people aren't looking at where the retirement savings are. Maybe he doesn't have to. He is got the wealth. He doesn't have to. Maybe the president with his wealth doesn't have to. But what I'm hearing from Californians is those that have just retired, those are on the Eva retiring. They're terrified of of this. And I hope and pray we stay outta recession. But if we head into a recession, it will be the Trump recession. He will completely own it. This is a completely self-destructive economic act that he's engaged in. Yeah, Senator Schiff is meeting the moment. He's got a great social media and digital team as well. Let's take a look at what Senator Cantwell, Maria Cantwell of the state of Washington has to say.


Play this clip. Listen, I listened to your segment. I've never heard so much about fuzzy math in my life and the notion that that chart is getting so much national attention. You know, the letters in Greek, all this stuff that makes no sense. That's what people are, consumers are saying. How is this helping me in a time of inflation? You're adding to my cost with attacks on my consumer goods. And so I Think that's why we're gaining support from these organizations today. And she's right. I mean, the idea of taring the entire world based on a completely fraudulent formula as well, where penguins are being tariffed as well as islands that just no human inhabitants or islands that house American military bases.


And the entire formula is applied wrong as well with a recklessness and a carelessness. As Donald Trump literally says, I don't give an F. She's on point right there. And we should highlight more of her videos and her interviews and her speeches as well. Next up, democratic Senator Corey Booker. You know, Senator Booker's been meeting the moment. Here he is saying, I've never seen in my life any administration that is intentionally doing the dis destroying our country. My only thing is I would say I call him a regime, not an administration Play this clip. I Said earlier in the program, he said, there may be some increase in prices, but it's gonna be worth it.


Your response, You know, God bless Kevin, but I've, I've never seen an administration in my lifetime do something so monumentally wrong. And that's so staggeringly, staggeringly hurts American people. You know, I've been hearing all day yesterday from frightened Americans who've saved for their entire lives, for retirement in the coming months, but now know they can't because in one fell swoop, Donald Trump has devastated their retirement counts, their 4 0 1 Ks. I know millions of Americans who are living paycheck to paycheck, who already in their administration have seen rising prices, even though he promised they would go down rising inflation, even though he promised it would go down.


And now they're bracing themselves for seeing their monthly bills go up because of what this president did And that will devastate them. And this Also at the protests, Aaron Parnas from the Midas Touch Network. Also, Aaron Parnas has his own independent media network as well. He was on, he was inside embedded in the protests. Here he is speaking to a Democratic Congress member, Jamie Raskin Play this clip. I'm here with Congressman Jamie Raskin from Maryland. Now Congressman, why did you choose to come to this protest and why is it so impactful in this moment right now? Well, my congressional district is in Maryland and it borders Washington DC So we have tens of thousands of people from Maryland who've come down here.


So this is the one that I did, even though I was in Florida actually with Maxwell Frost for the rest of the weekend. So this demonstration across the country with more than a thousand different protests is going to, is going to further catalyze popular resistance and opposition to this deranged program that they're imposing on the country. Now, a lot of folks are concerned, right? There are obvi, a lot of people have told me that they're being fired, especially at the IRS right now. What's your message to those who have been terminated at the federal government and how can they fight back? What can they do in this moment right now? Wait, I'm sorry, I I missed the one. Yeah, yeah, no worries. A lot of folks are being, are, are worried they're being terminated right now at the federal government, and they, and they wanna know what they can do.


What, what's their future? So what's your message? We are winning in the courts, like for example, they fired tens of thousands of probationary employees, which was completely lawless. And so they've been restored theoretically to their jobs, but they're not letting them go back to work. They are giving them pay, but they're not having them do their jobs, which is absurd. But we're gonna fight for them to get their jobs back. And then we are going to make sure that people who've lost their jobs, who can't get their jobs back are part of this movement against authoritarianism in the country. Congressman, thank you so much. Next up, Congress member Eric Swalwell at the protest in Washington, DC over this weekend, crushing it.


Play this clip Because as you stand here right now, we have gone from a Trump slump to a Trump train wreck. We are going into a red recession, our 4 0 1 Ks, our 2 0 1 Ks, our costs at Walmart and Home Depot and Target, where four out of five of the things we buy are from overseas are going up. And where is Donald Trump? He's golfing. So to Donald Trump, I say, get your ass off the golf course and face the people.


Here's, here's Jamie Raskin speech from the protest. Let's play it. He gave us the right to speak freely, to publish freely, to worship freely, to assemble freely, and to petition government for a redress of grievances. As Dr. King said, we've got the right to protest for what is right without being arrested, deported, or fired. We got the right to read the books we want, including 1984 in The Handmaid's Tale.


Even if they now belong in the nonfiction section, we've even got the right to call the president deranged for crashing our economy, destroying $6 trillion of wealth and turning five 401k into a 2 0 1 K


anywhere worth going Is worth going in? Good boots? Find your perfect pair with Kovas. Ever wondered if you can pull off boots with your personal style? Well, you owe it to your feet to pull on a pair of kovas. Being confident isn't about being different. It's about being yourself. Find comfort in the traditions of the west and confidence for making it your own. Honor the West by leaving your own boot print. Tecovas craft's quality Western boots for everyone. From generational ranchers and lifelong cowboys to first time boot buyers. Every one of Kovus boots are handcrafted with over 200 meticulous steps for broken in comfort right out of the box. Whether it's a long day or a big night, your kovus are built to last and impressed. There's no compromise between quality and style. Look, I can't even begin to tell you just how comfortable my Tecovas are, and I'll admit it, I was a little skeptical at first. But these Tecovas are something special. Plus with Tecovas Best in the West guarantee, you get free returns and exchanges for 30 days right now. Get 10% off at Tecovas dot com slash Midas when you sign up for email and text, that's 10% off at TECO vs.com/midas Tecovas dot com slash midas. Cite for details. Tecovas, point your toes west.


Now, as you see these Democratic senators, Congress members, governors shredding these MAGA Republicans, boy oh boy, do these MAGA Republicans deserve it. Here is the Commerce Secretary, Howard Lutnick. Howard Lutnick, the same guy who said, if you complain about not getting your Social security check, you are probably a criminal and a fraud. He says, because his mama, his mother-in-law, he said if she misses a Social security check, even though he's a billionaire, she would never worry. So if you're worried when your checks don't arrive, you are the fraudster. I don't know, maybe they send you to El Salvador, maybe they put you in a nice detention center.


Who knows what the Trump regime. Anyway, here's Howard Lutnick and he's asked on Face the Nation, okay, so this 10% tariff, is it permanent? What's going on? Watch Mr. Sham. Wow, it's a shammy. It's a wow. You know this like info infomercial, like 1990 style, you know, BS artist. Here's Howard Lutnick. I, no offense to the Shala. Maybe offense to the Shaba. I dunno. Here's Howard Lutnick on Face the Nation play the clip. Is It 10% tariff Permanent. Gonna protect them? Well, remember, this is a national security issue.


I got it. Is it 10% tariff? And we to address our budget deficit permanent deficit that you know the laws of America, the laws of America, he would like it to be that we need to protect the companies that invest here, and we are going to protect the companies that invest here. That is the policy of the United States of America. That's why trillions of dollars are coming here. The ripoff of the, of the United States of America is over. All these companies are gonna come and invest here. That's what they're doing. That's why they've committed trillions of dollars. They know this is the economy. Okay, Mr. Secretary though, This is the place to go, Mr. Secretary. The campaign's over, you won. So I'm asking what the plan is. So the Treasury Secretary said on another network, we're gonna hold the course.


It's not the kind of thing you can negotiate away in days or weeks. That makes it sound like the tariffs are staying in place at least four days or weeks. Is that correct? Or is the present considering postponing implementation to negotiate? There is no postponing. They are definitely gonna stay in place for days and weeks. That is sort of obvious. The president needs to reset global trade. Everybody has a trade surplus and we have a trade deficit. We are paying away our future and our lives come. The countries of the world are ripping this off. Okay? And it's gotta end. The president has made it crystal, crystal clear.


This is the policy. We are going to protect the factories that come build in America. We are going to protect them, okay? They're going to be successful. That's why they're gonna build in America the greatest economy in the Earth. All of these companies are gonna come and build here. So, So what? Here's Howard Lutnick as well. Oh, and here is the other, almost billionaire. This guy's almost a billionaire. Scott Besant, treasury secretary, and Scott Besant is asked on Meet the Press. What do you say Mr. Besant, to the Americans who are retired right now or about to retire who are losing their life savings? Scott Besson's like, oh, well, I don't know.


You know, look, at the end of the day, you know, I Think most people have all the money that they need. So I don't know. I Think they'll be okay here, Play this clip dollars. Wait, we send them $12 billion. So it's not the tariffs, it has nothing to do with tariffs. If they went to zero zero, they would go to 200 billion with us. We need to stop the ripoff. And zero zero is is the way to I, But we don't have zero zero, sir. Ripoff. We need, we, we don't have zero, zero actually. Because when we saw the president stand in the rose garden holding up that chart that you helped make, that that wasn't actually tariffs, that was actually confusing to investors because it was some kind of other formula.


And the countries themselves seemed kind of random. Like, why are the herd and McDonald Islands, which don't export to the United States and are quite literally inhabited by penguins. Why do they face a 10% tariffs? Did you use AI to generate this? It it, No, no. The idea, look, the idea is that there New country, they on the list left Off because the idea what happens is if you leave anything off the list, the countries that try to basically arbitrage America go through those countries to us, any country, like we had tariffs. The president put tariffs on China, right? In 2018.


And then what China started doing is they started going through other countries to America, right? They just built through other countries, through America. And so the president knows that he's tired of it and he's going to fix that. So basically he said, look, I can't let any part of the world be a place where China or other countries can ship through them, through the, so the end, those loopholes, these ridiculous loopholes. And now what he's trying to say is, I'm going to fix the trade deficit of the United States of America. It's a national security issue. We need to make medicine, we need to make semiconductors, we need to make ships, we need to have steel and aluminum. Come on. We need the greatness of America to actually be built in America.


And he's tired Of, that's my Scott Bestin impression. I'm not sure if that's offensive or not an offensive impression. I I Think it's accurate of what of the most arrogant guy imaginable. You know? It's like, yeah, you know, I don't know anything. No, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't care. I'm rich. I don't care. That's Scott Bestin. It's my Scott Besson impression right there. Here's MAGA Republican Congress member bacon here. He's asked about tariffs and how it's gonna raise prices and cause a recession or great depression. And rather than answer the question, because these MAGA Republicans are so cowardly here, MAGA Republican Congress member Dan Bacon, he's like, let me just give you a history lesson on tariffs, which caused depressions, but I'm too cowardly to actually link it with the current regime.


Play this clip. But The president talked all the time during the campaign about tariffs. He put them at the centerpiece of his policy. He talked about the glory days of the 18 hundreds and wanting to go back to him. Did Republicans just not take him seriously? There's a couple of facets to your question, Margaret. It's a good question. You're right though. When you look back, it was Republican supported tariffs in the 18 hundreds and up through about 1930 when we passed the Smoot Hartley Act, that created one of the worst, well, the worst depression we ever had. We learned from that, that tariffs and protectionism does not work. And that free trade in the end, as long as it's fair, we want fair trade.


And I support the President wanting to get fairness. So these countries do treat us wrong, but fair trade should be the goal. And you're right, the president talked about this. He did not hide as this is part of his agenda. But here's my take on it. And I've, I've been studying politics since I was like 13 years old. People voted for President Trump 'cause of the border, and he has really delivered there. They voted for Him. Oh, and by the way, have you seen the pins that they're wearing, the lapel pins that they're wearing, these megas, like the head of the Federal Communications Commission and others, they've got this like trump pin that they wear with Trump's face on it, on their, they wear Trump lapel pin.


These people. It's, oh, if you ever wonder, how do you get like Putin and Kim Jong-un and how did you have, you know, how do these, these, this is humans do this. I dunno how else to describe it. I mean, these weak, frail humans behave this way. Anyway, speaking of weak, frail humans behaving this way, here's the agricultural secretary, Brooke Rollins being asked by Jake Tapper about Taring penguins Play this clip. Example. President Trump laid out with a giant graphic of all the countries where tariffs were gonna, what he called reciprocal tariffs were gonna be imposed. And you're imposing a 10% tariff on the herd. And McDonald Islands the herd and McDonald Islands have zero human inhabitants.


They have zero exports, they have zero imports. They do have a lot of penguins. Why are you putting import tariffs on islands that are entirely populated by penguins? Well, I mean that, come on, Jake. Obviously, here's the bottom line. We live under a tariff regime from other countries. We have too Long seen. The McDonald Islands is not imposing The idea that America goes first. I mean, come on, I, I, whatever. Listen, the people that are leading this are serious, intentional, patriotic, the smartest people I've ever worked with. I just Take a look.


By the way, Boston, New York, Chicago, Portland, San Francisco, San Diego, Idaho, Utah, Oakland and cities and hundreds of other cities, thousands of other cities across the country in the the world protesting this Idiocracy right here. Here's Howard Lutnick saying what we wanna do. We want to bring back the jobs to the US where millions of Americans will be doing the little screws in the iPhones. You know those factories you see in China? We wanna bring those to the us. Play this clip. Great American workers, you know, we are called, you said robots on other networks. So that's Fox Army of millions of people. Well remember the army of millions and millions of human beings screwing in little, little screws to make iPhones.


That kind of thing is gonna come to America. It's gonna be automated. And great Americans, the trade craft of America is going to fix them, is gonna work on them. They're gonna be mechanics. There's gonna be HVAC specialists. There's gonna be electricians, the trade craft of America. Yeah, our high school educated Americans, the core to our workforce is going to have the greatest resurgence of jobs in the history of America to work on these high tech factories, which are all coming to America. That's what's going to build. Are you concerned that our next generation of America Are you? These images right here from Mika Eron, the dream Spencer Hakimian say thank you.


Here's Spencer Hakimian goes, Hey, Fox News boys. Now that China called our bluff and said, let's play ball. What should we do? Raise tariffs on China by another 34%, 90% effective tariffs rate with China. What's your game plan here? Also, depending on what the s and p does today, the aggregate may be worse than the Great Depression. There you have it folks. Let me know what you think. Go to store dot midas touch.com. Check out the Midas gear store. Dot midas touch.com. patreon.com/midas touch. Check it all out. Thanks. Bye. Hit subscribe. Can't get enough? Midas, check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.