
Hey, aren't you that PBM Middleman at your service? Doctor? Don't you get rebates that save money on medicines? Oh, PBMs like me get big rebates. So why do patients tell me they're worried about their costs? No one says we have to share the savings with patients. Congress should make sure medicine savings go directly to patients, not middlemen. Visit PMA dot org slash middleman to learn more paid for by pharma.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be. Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com.


Today, Democrats in Congress finally going on the offense speaking plainly, loudly, and clearly led by Democratic Congress members like A OC Jasmine Crockett and in the Senate, Sheldon White House. Let's show you what they're doing. Also, MAGA republicans don't know how to react and they're exposing their true pro oligarchy agenda during their public appearances because Democrats are pushing back, pushing them into a corner, and MAGA Republicans exposing what they're really trying to do with Project 2025. Let's take a look here. Democratic Congresswoman, Jasmine Crockett, let's play this clip, Whatever the make case may be. Or they can go and say, lock up Hillary Clinton, because they're talking about a server that she used, and we know the recent conversations about Trump and the server that they're using as it relates to his transition back into power.


It is amazing that they seemingly always wanna make up laws to lock up anyone that does not see the world through the orange flavored glasses that they do. But I just think that America really needs to have a reckoning and decide are we going to be a country that is okay with the lack of morality? Okay, with the lack of family values, okay, with the lawlessness, or are we not? There is no middle ground. We either are or we aren't. Next Up, I want to show you Democratic Senator Sheldon Whitehouse in here. He talks about, really Donald Trump was going to appoint Matt Gaetz as the Attorney General. Seriously, we now seen the report.


We know what he was up to. That's what the Republican Party is supporting and covering up. Watch this, play the clip. Before you even got to all these really extraordinary findings, you had a guy who Donald Trump was proposing to be the top prosecutor for the United States of America, whose only experience with criminal investigations was to be the subject of them. Before you even get to the conduct, that alone should have been disqualifying. So to your earlier point, the reflection of this on the judgment of Donald Trump is perhaps the most remarkable part of this whole story.


Setting aside all the grim and salacious details. Yeah. And, and Senator that extends to other Trump nominees, Pete Hegg said, for defense Tulsi Gabbard, this, this unbelievably crazy nomination was made by the same person who's made these other is making these other nominations. Yeah. And some of the, You Know, and I love that A O C's been doing these kind of ask her anything type videos that she's been making. Really good stuff right here. Here she is talking about the Magar Republic in oligarchy and that it's here, already. Here, play this clip. Oh, I don't think we're witnessing the start of an oligarchy.


I think we are fully here. You literally have a completely unelected billionaire who has just taken over and paused government funding to specifically take out provisions regarding China and other areas that pertained to him. You have billionaires who run news outlets like Jeff Bezos and the Washington Post billionaires that run the the LA Times completely interjecting into their editorial boards and manipulating what, what's being written in them.


We're here, we are here, and we are going to witness very unprecedented moments come January. And here, a OC is again talking about how Trump wanted the debt ceiling lifted. So we don't, so we won't realize his tax cuts for the rich will explode the deficit. Watch this. This Is actually what this fight is actually all about. This is why Elon is involved in this right now. He's not tweeting this out of nowhere. He's not coming at this out of nowhere. The Trump tax cuts are expiring next year. They are trying to lift the debt limit now because reauthorizing, the Trump tax cuts next year are going to explode our federal debt.


It's gonna explode our deficit again. And they don't want to lift the debt limit then to do that. They want to lift it now. That's why they're, 'cause that'll draw too much attention, right, to what they tax cuts are doing. And this way if they split it up, it's less of a story at That time. And that's why Elon's getting involved. His net worth has, I believe it's almost doubled since the election. He is trying to further explode his net worth and he is trying to leverage everything from income, from federal contracts to reducing his own personal taxes. This is what this is about for him. Trump has a different set of priorities for himself. He's trying to line his own pockets and figure out his own political preservation in this moment. And sometimes those things are aligned and sometimes they're not.


And I think right now we're in one of those friction points. It's sort of the definition of an oligarchy where even though it's an, these guys aren't bureaucracy, I mean, Trump's not even in office yet. His like billionaire ba mob enforcer basically, yeah. Yeah. Is like controlling whether the government will stay open or not. He or she is again answering if Elon Musk is really the shadow president, play this clip. When Elon tweets something and when Trump tweets something, Republicans don't know. I said this earlier, Republicans don't know who their daddy is. Like they don't know which one they need to be listening to first. And it's scrambling them. But it's not a joke that I think Elon poses real political problems for Trump and arguably may have more, at least rival his power and influence.


And that's gonna be a problem for Trump. I don't like they're both bad, but there you go.


Let's face it. After night with drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. Hey, I gotta be honest with myself, right? It feels like I have to choose between having a great night or a great next day. That is until I found pre-cool ZBiotics. Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough. Next day. Pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference The next day, for example, after a fun night out with friends at like a local bar or wherever we go, I could still get up the next morning and hit the gym. And I'll admit I was skeptical at first, but I tried it at a dinner party with some friends. The next morning I felt great, ready to tackle the day, ready to do more videos here at the Midas Touch Network. I kept hearing about pre alcohol and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I get the Hype Plus with their GMO technology, ZBiotics is continuing to create probiotics that tackle the challenges of modern living. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use code Midas at checkout, ZBiotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you are unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money. No questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas and use that code Midas. It's M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off.


I mean, right? I powerful stuff right there. Now, contrast that to MAGA Republican congress member Tony Gonzalez, who goes, no, we need Elon Elon's like our Prime Minister. No, he's not. Elon Musk isn't our prime minister. What, what are these backs talking about? We don't want Elon Musk any, he doesn't know what he's talking about Here, play this, collect Bipartisan deals, negotiated and led by the Speaker of the House. What role exactly is he playing here? It's kinda interesting. We have a president, we have a vice president, we have a speaker. It feels like it as if Elon Musk is our prime minister. And, and I've, I spoke with Elon a couple of times this week. I think many of us unelected, well unelected, but I mean, he has a voice.


And I think a lot of large part of that voice is a reflection of the voice of the people. Once again, these a 1500 page bill, how does that pass the, the smell test? It's absolutely wrong. It's what's wrong with this place. So we have to get back to regular order. The the other part of it too is while house Republicans were fighting over the spending bill, yeah, guess what Senate Democrats were doing? They were, they were ensuring that President Biden got his 235th liberal judge over the finish line. That's why it's so important that house Republicans stay united, stay laser focused on delivering on a President Trump agenda next year. Oh, but but Republicans, and by the way, this is Elon Musk saying that he hates unions.


He thinks unions shouldn't exist because Elon Musk says that unions create a Lord versus peasants dynamic with the union leaders as the Lord and the members as the peasants play this clip. I agree with the idea of unions, but d perhaps for a reason that is different than people may expect is, which is, I, I just don't like anything which creates kind of a lords and peasants sort of thing. And, and I think the unions naturally try to create negativity in a company and, and create a kind of sort of lords and peasants situation. Tesla Factory workers in California are working so hard, they're passing out on the production line. You know, Elon, you're describing yourself and the American oligarchy.


I mean, y'all see what's going on there. Like the Lord Peasant dynamic is the Elon's, the Trumps the Bezos against the workers. You see what they're doing right here. By the way, Donald Trump's out there posting about conquering Greenland and taking back the Panama Canal, which was never ours. It was El Lease, but, but stealing Panama Canal and conquering sovereign nations. You got Marjorie Taylor Green posting things like Canada and Greenland should have never been given away in the first place. I have no clue. Just take a look at this. What in, what in the world is she even talking about here? But now on Fox, as Donald Trump's talking about conquering nations, like they're having guests show up like the chair of the Republican party and they're like, yeah, well, this is a good idea.


We're gonna have to buy it up. It costs Greenland will cost 1.5 trillion, but a good acquisition here. Play this clip. I'm sure we're about to get to the bottom of that. Why is he interested in Greenland? Well, I think from a national security spec perspective, as he said, You know, certainly a, a place that is very rich in, in minerals and You know, is, is geopolitically important for 'em? And it's a conversation that we wanna have with Denmark about being able to use the, use the, the resources up there. Yeah, it's gonna cost about 1.5 trillion, but it probably will pay off Nick. And then earlier on Fox, they had a guest with who says that, or the Fox host goes, Greenland is not for sale. But sometimes they aren't until they are here play this clip.


They Say Greenland's not for sale, but sometimes things aren't for sale until they are for sale. And when you look at Trump, I mean, this is a guy who bought Mar-a-Lago for $7 million. He knows how to cut a deal. By the way, while all of that's going on, You know, there was that breaking story from some great local journalism, how the Texas Republican Congresswoman Kay Granger was missing since July. No one knew where she was, but no one was asking questions. MAGA Republicans covered it up and pretended that she was still around for her constituents. She was not.


She has dementia and she is in full-time round the clock care. Because of her deteriorating mental condition, she lived at a dementia care home and video from her surfaced going, this is from earlier in this year. You see, you see her right here. But, and this was before she kind of disappeared, play this clip, And we avoided a massive ominous measure. In total, we increased defense funding and made target cuts. We also made maintained our legacy under my Cal colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to remove overall this bill honors our commitment to our veterans, strengthens our energy security, hold agencies accountable, support our farmers and ranchers, and makes our transportation system safer.


I urged my colleagues to support this bill and I reserve the ballots of my time. Now, I do think it's worthwhile to though, quickly to showcase a senator elect from Utah, Senator Elect John Curtis, who does say, look, I'm gonna push back against Trump. That's what he said. He said, I wanna highlight him here. He said, I don't think Trump has a mandate play this clip Some of of your colleagues, your future colleagues in the Senate that say he won. He is got a mandate he deserves, You know, everybody that he's chosen. So I, in other words, rubber stamp. Yeah, I Heard that from my son, by the way, at Thanksgiving. Yeah, he said that he did. He said, dad, I'm a self-described, I took the red pill. Yeah.


So he kind of set that up and, and my response to him was a couple of things. One, in kind of a joking way, I said, You know, I, I did get more votes than him in Utah. Does that give me a mandate? And, but let me come back to this kind of, this concept that I think me speaking my mind and, and, and me being upfront makes the president a better president. And right now I'm interviewing these non nominees and I think people forget the advice, part of advice and consent. I can't advise the president if I haven't thoroughly talked to these people, if I haven't, if I haven't investigated everything about them, if I haven't learned their strengths and their weaknesses. And I think I owe that to the president. And I think if the, the better job I do, the better president he will be.


And here he is again, talking about what his constitutional responsibilities again, Republican, Utah, Senator like John Curtis. But I think I showcase him here because this is what he says. I'll probably disagree with him on a lot of things, but here he is speaking sensibly, at least by the Clinton. But I've also seen you've taken heat, especially online, social media from supporters of the president say, what's wrong with you? Just get in line already. Listen, Why Are you asking questions? Anybody? Why are you saying you have concerns? Anybody who wants to gimme heat for doing my job, bring it on. This is my job. It's my constitutional responsibility. These same people are the same people who would have said earlier, you need to take power back from the executive branch.


You need to do your job. I have heard that from these very same people, and that's what I'm doing. And Well, there you have it folks. Isn't that video give you a little room for hope? I think. Well, it gives me a little more than a little room. That's what I want to see. What a O C's doing, what Jasmine Crockett's doing? Sheldon, just take your message out. Be strong about it. Call out these maga, call out their support of the oligarchy. You know, Magars, were always like, oh, Democrats are eating cats and dogs are eating your cats and dogs. No, they weren't. But Republicans are literally eating your lunch, right? The oligarchy's literally taking away your paychecks. They're looting and they're pillaging. It's a real threat. It's not an imaginary boogeyman. It's what's actually happening.


So folks, let's focus on the real threats. What's happening, what we can do to stop it. Don't buy into the maga boogieman, okay? Democrats be clear, plain repetitive over and over again. If you want to get your message out, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.