
Let me tell you what I think should be the biggest story nonstop on cable news on the front page of every newspaper. But noticeably, it's not, it's, this was Donald Trump's speech on Tuesday in Miami. Here's what he said. Let's play this clip. But When people who love our country protest on January 6th in Washington, they become hostages, unfairly imprisoned for long periods of time. But fortunately, the Supreme Court has just ruled and they should be out soon. Okay, you have Q Anon music in the background.


You have Donald Trump praising January 6th Insurrectionists. I want to call in Congress member Jake Kinloss, Congress member Kinloss, you were on Fox the other day. You previously been on the Midas Touch network before, you know, and as they were trying to go President Biden this and so divisionally like, can we talk about what Trump is saying for a second? So when I show you a clip like that, the fact that that's not what corporate media is talking about, the fact that that's not front and center drives me crazy. It led me to build a media network and quit my job as a practice, as a practicing lawyer. What goes through your mind when you see that?


I share your frustration because there is unfortunately the sense that because it's not new that he is saying things like that, it's not newsworthy. And that's not true because the threat that he poses to democracy has not declined in the last eight years. His first administration was the worst presidency in American history. His second administration will be even worse. And let's put some facts to that claim. We need to look no farther than project 2025, which Donald Trump's closest advisors have pieced together as a MAGA administration and waiting. And number one, they're gonna launch a war on women. They're gonna monitor pregnancies throughout states to criminalize abortion.


Including abortion. Before six weeks, they are going to try to prevent the shipment of abortion medication across state lines. They're gonna try to criminalize in vitro fertilization, which allows young families to, to start and to have kids. They are going to try to enforce a quote, biblical definition of marriage. And anyone who is familiar with the Old Testament knows that women are the property of their husbands under Old Testament law. And that is a deeply dark harbinger for how a Trump administration would treat the rights of women. And you can hear that in their own commentary.


One of the founders of Project 2025 joked about rescinding the 19th Amendment that allows women to vote. I don't think that's a joke. You know, when I speak to the, when I hear from the American people, and I have an interesting vantage point here, running this network where there are liberals, progressives, mainstream conservatives rep, mainstream Republicans, not MAGA independents, they get that. And what they're confused with and why they come to the Midas Touch network is, why isn't that what's being talked about on corporate media and why is there this kind of blatant kind of ageism, this constant focus on the debate.


We're two weeks into this now, when the American people want to hear about the issues so they could know if they're going to live and if these policies are going to result in like quite literally life or death. Like why do you think though? I mean one, are you hearing that from your constituents? And two, why do you think that there is this incongruity between like what the people are asking for and what they're being dished? Well, to be candid, what I'm hearing from my constituents is deep concern about the president's acuity. And I don't think it's necessarily ageist to ask probing questions about the president and fitness for office.


I, I do think that's an important journalistic service. I also think it's an important journalistic service though to make plain and to delineate clearly what another presidential candidate is offering to do. So the last time that Donald Trump said he would not respect the results of an election, police officers died in a line of duty and he aided and embedded an insurrection. He's saying it again on the debate stage, refused to do, to accept the results of this upcoming election. Who in their right mind thinks that we will not have a repeat of January 6th if he, if he yet again tells his base that it was stolen from him.


Which of course he will because it's a grievance fuel narrative that drives his campaigns. And so that needs to be, I think day in, day out, brought home to voters that we are looking at further instability. You know, I saw this recent report from Northeastern used university, you know, near your district. And the study found that they said the report found that Biden held on to 94% of the people who said they would support him before the debate for Trump. 86% of the people who said they would support him before the debate said they would do so after the debate. And I think to your point, people could recog, we could say, wow, that was a pretty bad debate performance by President Biden.


We could also say, yeah, but he was like saying things that sound like democracy in America. and Donald Trump was saying the exact opposite like this, here's what Donald Trump said when he was in Miami, and this is what he said about his knowledge of nato. Here play this clip. I didn't even know what the hell NATO was too much before, but it didn't take me long to figure it out. Like about two minutes. I mean, you have an, in an incredible background, Harvard undergrad, MIT business school, you then served in our military, you served combat operations abroad in Afghanistan and and elsewhere. So when you hear somebody say things like that, both as a member of Congress and as a veteran, what goes through your mind?


It's a dangerous fusion of ignorance and arrogance. And it was put on full display in 2018 in Helsinki when he came to a summit with Vladimir Putin and Prostrated himself before that dictator in the Kremlin and through his own intelligence agencies, his own military under the bus to try to earn the respect of this autocrat. And it was a performance that was so embarrassing to the United States that two previous Republican nominees for President MIT Romney and John McCain publicly criticized him for it. Now, that was before Russia invaded Ukraine. Imagine how he would've behaved in February of 2022 when those tanks rolled across the border. He would've been on the phone with Vladimir Putin negotiating a deal that would have handed the keys over to the liberal rules based international order.


And NATO would have been much weaker now than it currently is when it's at its strongest at it's ever been. And that really is the split screen between these two different presidents. One president has been a ferocious fighter for freedom and democracy. The world over, not just in Ukraine, but in the Middle East and across the Taiwan Strait and in the South China Sea. And the other president really frankly cares more about what dictators think of him than he does about what is in the best interest of the American public. You know, I always talk about character a lot here too, which to me shouldn't be a part of any political party, you know? And I just think character in a leader is one of the most important things.


So when I see that Donald Trump going out to, you know, he does these speeches in churches and he starts cursing and say, and leading kids in curses and saying the, you know, just bs. But saying the words and leading these chants in church places of worship or non, like what in the world is going on? Th this was from the speech in Miami also, lemme just show you what he says here. Like this is part of his stump speech that again, doesn't get any attention other on the Midas Touch network in a few other places. But play this clip That's supposed to be a little bit Democrat territory, but we're leading in Nevada and a waitress came over, beautiful waitress. And I never liked talking about physics 'cause she's beautiful inside because you never talk about a person's look, ever.


You never mentioned the other day I got very angry, some man called Chris Christie fat. And I said, sir, and then he said he was a pig. I said, sir, Chris Christie is not a fat pig. Please remember that he is not a fat pig. Please take it back. And the guy's looking at me like real, no, we have to defend people. You can't call people fat. So I said about nine times he is not a fat pick. You know? How important to you is character. How important do you think in the American people is character in this election? Ultimately? I think it's it.


It's what promises the margin of victory. The best candidate to defeat Donald Trump is Donald Trump himself because he is historically unpopular in 2016, yes, when he won the electoral college, but lost the popular vote. And then in 20 18, 20 20, 20 22, whenever Donald Trump or Donald Trump's character and leadership have been on the ballot, Americans have resoundingly said, no, we don't want more of this. Americans do recognize that his lawlessness is an affront to our respect for law and order that his bankrupt character is an affront to our nation's innate sense of decency and they want an alternative. And ultimately Democrats have got to draw a strong and sharp contrast that resonates not just with our base who are critical, but also with those ha voters in the heartland that we are gonna offer an alternative that they can subscribe to.


So what is your kind of closing message, if you will, as we kind of head into deeper in the summer, the Republican national conventions about to start, it's being sponsored by the Heritage Foundation authors Project 2025. What's your message to kind of the Democratic party right now where there seems to certainly not be unity like like there was before? Well, first of all that we are unified in the imperative to defeat a second MAGA administration in Project 2025, which Port would portend they wore on women, which would bring a mob boss mentality back to the Oval Office. And that would herald cuts to public education and to Medicare and social security.


We now need to go out there and win the confidence of the American public that we will be the party of the rule of law. The Republican party likes to claim that mantle, but they're trying to defund the FBI, they're trying to surge machine guns onto our streets and in our schools, they are voting against bipartisan border security legislation and, and oh yeah, they're nominating a convicted felon to be president of the United States. This is not the party of Law and Order. And Democrats can claim that mantle if we campaign and we govern on it because ultimately this is a country that wants to be a government of law, not a government that is ruled by a want. Tobe dictator. Congressman Jake Alcon Clause, thank you so much for joining us.


We hope you do come back. Take care, Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million subscribers this month and have a wonderful day. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.