
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


A federal judge from Maryland, judge Ellen Hollander, just sent a blistering letter to the Trump regime telling them to cease and desist from misrepresenting her order, which stated that the Doge Group headed by Elon Musk is not entitled to access broad swaths of private information held within the Social Security Administration. The Trump regime through its acting commissioner of the Social Security Administration named Leland Eck is saying that as a result of this order, social security's gonna have to be shut down, that they don't know how to act.


They have to give all of their documents to Elon Musk. And because of this federal ruling, they may have to shut down Social Security immediately. And the judge is saying, that's not what I said. I just said, don't share it with the Doge Group, Elon, and Big balls. And whatever that group is, you can still function and do the same job you've always done at the Social Security Administration. Under the Privacy Act. Stop compromising people's privacy by getting, giving them sensitive data to Elon Musk. Like there's headlines like this from the Washington Post acting Social security head consults with Justice Department on threat to close the agency.


Leland Ick argues that a ruling blocking Elon Musk's cost cutting team from access to sensitive taxpayer data could apply to all employees unless they need to shut it down. We know their plan is to shut it down. They've been saying it, and this is the pretext that they're trying to use. Let me show you the letter that was just sent by Judge Hollander. Here's what she writes to the council right here, the Department of Justice who's representing the Trump regime. Dear Counsel, I write with respect to the Temporary restraining order issued yesterday afternoon in the above-captioned case, among other things, except under conditions described in the order, the temporary restraining order, enjoins and restrain, the United States Social Security Administration, SSA, Leland Ick, and Michael Russo, from granting access to non anonymized, personally identifiable information in any SSA system of record to the Department of Government Efficiency Doge, the United States Doge Service, the United States Doge Service temporary Organization, members of the Doge team at the SAA, Elon Musk, Amy Gleason, and Doge Affiliates as defined in the order.


Conversely, paragraph two of the order expressly allows the SSA, the Social Security Administration to provide access to redacted or anonymized data and records to the Doge team, subject to proper training and the like. Notably paragraph three of the TRO permits, the SSA to provide non anonymized data to the Doge team, subject to certain conditions. The court is aware of several news reports claiming that acting Social Security administrator duick believes that virtually all employees of the Social Security Administration fall within the scope of the order, including his IT staff and his anti-fraud team.


And according to the news reports, Mr. Doak apparently believes he is required to terminate their access to SSA's IT Systems in order to comply with the order such assertions about the scope of the order are inaccurate. Employees of SSA who are not involved with the Doge team or in the work of the Doge team are not subject to the order. A Doge affiliate is defined in the order inter alia, which means among other things as a person working on implementing the Doge agenda. Moreover, any suggestion that the order may require the delay or suspension of benefit payments is incorrect.


However, if the government has any concern about the text of the order or otherwise seeks clarification of it, I instruct government counsel to contact Chambers immediately to arrange a telephonic conference with counsel. Despite the informal nature of this letter, it is an order of the court and the clerk is directed to file it on the docket as such. So now we're seeing federal judges have to come out with letters. This is unprecedented to stop the fire hose of disinformation misinformation and lies from the Trump regime, from Elon Musk and others, especially as the acting Social security.


And Commissioner Leland Ick is using it as pretext to do what they wanted to do all along, which is shut down Social Security. Now, how do I know they wanna shut down Social Security and the Social Security Administration? Well, listen to what they're saying. Look at what they are posting. Look at what they are doing. Even right now, regardless of this order, the Trump regime is shutting down 47 Social Security Administration offices throughout the country. So if you need to show up at the Social Security Administration office and have an in-person meeting, and usually it's gonna be people who need the office to be closer to them because they're older, usually it's gonna be hard to travel unless if you can't get there, you're not going to be able to get your benefits efficiently or at all.


And also, they're gutting thousands and thousands of people who work at the Social Security Administration. Look, even this MAGA Republican Congress member Mike Lawler, who serves the Hudson Valley in New York, he knows that he just screwed over his constituents by giving a blank check to Elon Musk to gut Social Security because Elon Musk is now getting rid of the Social Security Hearing office in his district, and he's a MAGA republican and it's a swing district. I wanna share this with you as well. This is Trump's commerce secretary from this past week, Howard Lutnick saying, if Social Security skipped a check, his mother-in-law who's 94 wouldn't complain.


And if you complain that you didn't receive a Social Security administration or your social security check and, and you missed a month, that would indicate in his mind that you are a felon, that you are a fraud 'cause only frauds, he said would complain about not getting their Social security check. Look at what he says. This is what he says. Play the clip. Let's say Social Security didn't send out their checks this month. My mother-in-law, who's 94, she wouldn't call and complain, she just wouldn't. She thinks something got messed up and she'll get it next month. Yeah, a fraudster always makes the loudest noise screaming, yelling, and complaining.


Mm. Your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. If you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you check out Miracle Mades. Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long. I get so many emails from the Midas Mighty saying how great Miracle Made Sheets are and how it's changed their lives for the better. Here's why. It uses Silver infused fabrics inspired by nasa. So therefore, miracle Made Sheets are thermoregulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather. So you get better sleep every night. Now these sheets are also infused with silver, as I said, and that prevents up to 99.7% of bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. So no more gross odors. Also, miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without that high price tag of other luxury brands, and it feels as nice to me, if not nicer, than the sheets used by some five star hotels. So upgrade your sleep this year. Go to try miracle.com/midas, that's T-R-Y-M-I-R-A-C-L e.com/m E-I-D-A-S to try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save over 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get a free three piece towel set and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So Upgrade your Sleep with Miracle Made you go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE TOWEL SET and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you, miracle made for sponsoring this episode


here. Trump's Commerce Secretary, by the way, did I mention that he's a billionaire? He's a billionaire, oligarch. And here he is saying that No, no, no, no, no. We should not be more empathetic to the people who are being hurt by Doge. No way. We should be more empathetic. Play this clip. Before, Before we get there, I wanna ask one last question on, on, on the cuts. Can we speak in an, do we need to speak in a more empathetic way? Because that trillion dollars of spending flows into someone's pocket, some percentage of that pays people a salary and they live on that income. And I think a lot of the, no, no. Okay. I think this is important for you to highlight because a lot of people are reacting.


I can keep showing you these, but I think you get the point. Here's Elon Musk who runs Doge, even though he and the Trump regime now claim someone named Amy Gleason is the person who runs Doge. So here's the richest man in the world saying that social security is the biggest Ponzi scheme of all time when he's on the Joe Rogan show. Who launders this filth in oligarchy play this clip? Well, I mean, the government's won big permit scheme if you ask me. Yeah, well you, you could tell me better than an, I mean, social security is, is the biggest Ponzi scheme of all time, right? Explain that. Oh, so well, people pay into Social security and, and the money goes out of Social Security immediately, but the obligation for social security is your entire retirement career.


So you're, you're paying with your, the you're, you're paying, like, like if you look at the future obligations of Social security, it far exceeds the, the tax revenue. Far have you have, have you ever looked at the, the the debt the debt clock? Yes. Okay. There's, there's, there's our present day debt, but then there's our future obligations. So when you look at the future obligations of social security, the actual national debt is like double what, what people think it is because of the future obligations. So basically people are living way longer than expected and there are fewer babies being born.


So you have more people who are retired and get that, that live for a long time and get re re retirement payments. So the future obligation, so how have however bad the financial situation is right now for the federal government, it'll be much worse in the future. Going back to the, or the initial order from the federal judge, federal Judge Ellen Hollander here was the initial order that the Trump regime tried to use as pretext to shut down the Social Security Administration. Here's how it was described by the federal judge, and this is from March 20th, 2025.


The judge goes, this case is one of a dozen of lawsuits filed since the inauguration of President Donald J. Trump on January 20th, challenging a wide swath of executive orders as well as implementation of them. In particular, this case concerns the decision of the Social Security Administration to provide 10 anonymous individuals affiliated with the Department of Government efficiency with unfettered access to the Social Security Administration records of millions of Americans. Quote, we've just never seen anything like it proclaim plaintiff's counsel at a motion hearing held on March 14th, defense counsel acknowledged that the hearing that the Social Security Administration has indeed provided Doge affiliates with access to a massive amount of records, but counsel claimed that such access is needed so that the Doge personnel can search for improper or fraudulent payments made by SSA.


Ironically, the identity of these Doge affiliates has been concealed because defendants are concerned that the disclosure of even their names would expose them to harassment and invade their privacy. The defense does not appear to share a privacy concern for the millions of Americans whose SSA records were made available to the Doge affiliates without their consent and which contain sensitive, confidential, and personally identifiable information as used here. Personally, identifiable information means information that can be used to distinguish or trace an individual's identity, either alone or when combined with other information that is linked or linkable to a specific individual.


In particular, the information the SSA's records includes social security numbers, personal medical and mental health records, driver's license information, bank account data, tax information, earnings history, birth and marriage records, home and work addresses, school records, immigration and or naturalization records, healthcare providers contact information, family court records, and employment and employer records. That information's being given to Elon Musk. And what the court says is that this is inappropriate, and that's why the court issues an injunction.


And the court goes through the attacks on Social Security and includes, you know, posts like this by Elon Musk, where Elon Musk goes on February 11th. At this point, I am 100% certain the magnitude of the fraud in the federal entitlements. Social Security exceeds the sum of every private scam you've ever heard by far. It's not even close. Elon Musk then goes on February 7th. Yes, there are far more eligible social security numbers than there are citizens in the us. This might be the biggest fraud in history. And then Elon Musk says There are hundreds of millions of people or something like that, getting Social Security who are dead.


And that was utterly false as well. And the judge ultimately concluded that there should be an injunction, a limited and narrowly tailored injunction to block all of our private information from going in the hands of Doge. And then Doge use that to say, look what the judge is doing. She's gonna force us to shut down Social Security. And then preemptively Trump's Billionaire Commerce Secretary already preparing people not to get their social security checks by saying, if you complain about not getting your check, that means you probably are a fraudster. There's good reason why the judge sent that letter and posted it on the public docket.


Now, as I mentioned before, that's not a normal thing that judges have to do, but in the age of the Trump regime, the judges realize that they're being publicly defamed and attacked by the Trump regime. Tell me what you think in the comments below. I wanted to give you all of that data so you can see for yourself. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and thank you for watching. Can't Get Enough Midas, check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.