
Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now, and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.


All right, folks, it's gloves off for these Democrats. I appreciate these house Democrats going on the offense against the MAGA Republicans leading the charge. Democratic Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett. Watch her call out Nancy Mace, MAGA Republican, then MAGA Republican. Nancy Mace says that she wants to fight Jasmine Crockett and says, let's take it outside here. Watch this. Somebody's campaign coffers really are struggling right now, so she gonna keep saying trans, trans, trans so that people will feel threatened and child, listen, I I I want y'all, I no child not do not call me a child.


I'm no child. I dont even find out I'm a grown woman. Which of those emails sevenly have reclaiming? You'll not do that A claiming my time. You wanna take it Outside, Mr. Chairman, the committee is not an order, order, order, point of order, point of order, order, order, order, order. The Jasmine Crockett is not done. Congresswoman Crockett says that you are here trying to somehow make an argument about transgender people. What are you even doing? MAGA Here, watch this. Lemme tell you something. Y'all need to find some people that actually care about their constituents.


And honestly, whenever y'all are ready to work, we on this side of the aisle have always been ready to do what is right by the American people. Instead, what you can continue to do is go after the most vulnerable in our country. The fact that you just sat up there and somehow figured out how to tie trans folk to your argument makes no sense to me. But let me tell you something, trans people ain't going nowhere. Just like when the racists wanted to make sure that black people somehow were going to be dismissed in this country, we ain't left either, and I'll yield, would you yield back? I'll yield More from Democratic Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett. And he or she is talking about how MAGA Republicans are creating their Doge subcommittee instead of a subcommittee on civil rights and actually doing things for the American people.


And then she mocks Marjorie Taylor Greene, watch this. So glad that we could finally end that nice little propaganda commercial break. Listen, I, I don't know what Ms. Mace was talking about. I thought we were talking about government efficiency, and the last time that I checked, last time that I checked this committee in the hundred and 18th, just like in the hundred and 19th, has been governed by the Republicans Chairman. Is it not true that you were the chairman in the hundred and 18th? You were, okay, so the Republicans have controlled this committee. So my question is, why is it that you need to create an entirely new subcommittee when you literally could go through and do whatever work it is that you're talking about, handing over to the gentle lady who has never seemingly brought up anything about efficiency.


The only thing I recall from the hundred and 18th was her spending a lot of time on somebody's junk in this committee. So let me be clear, y'all had a chance, you chose not to use it. So why should the American people be convinced that now all of a sudden, because you create a new committee that has been promulgated by in real oligarch, you are talking about Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi. They were actually duly elected. Not somebody sitting there buying Twitter and just happened to be the most, the richest person in the world telling y'all what to do. Let, Here's Democratic Congress member Garcia, California, right here in the Long Beach area here.


He says, I don't think we should be listening to Marjorie Taylor Green on fire safety. I mean, she's the Jewish space laser woman play the clip. That was a a lot. And first, I think the, the people of California in the west absolutely deserve an apology for politicizing fires that are actually killing people right now, and where people are losing their homes. And the idea that somehow you wanna politicize those and say that the, those were caused by crazy conspiracy theories. I don't think anyone should take any advice on how fires are created. Certainly by somewhere that has said space lasers actually create forest fires.


And so that de that, that, that deserves an apology to the people of California. Okay? Speaking of the Jewish space laser conspiracy theorist who grabs cardboard cutout crotches of Donald Trump and attacks victims of school shootings who survived Marjorie Taylor Greene, by the way. We sued Marjorie Taylor Greene, and she settled with us, cut us a check, I think for about $10,000. And then we took that check and donated it to groups that focus on responsible gun ownership. Just a nice little way to troll her back. You know that story? That's a funny, it's a funny story. Anyway, I digress. Here's MAGA Republican congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene saying, you don't like Elon because you're jealous of him.


Here, watch this. Oh, Let's be, let's be really clear in our, in what you're trying to do. You're attacking Elon Musk because you're really jealous. You are, you're just really jealous. Okay, Marjorie, here's Marjorie Taylor Greene blaming the Los Angeles fires on no water in the fire hydrants and not cleaning up the forest floors. There's not a conspiracy theory that Marjorie Taylor Greene is not willing to spread. That's just what she does. Play this clip. No, it's not climate change that is burning down California. It is a failure of how to handle and, and prevent these types of problems. No water in the fire hydrants.


No water in the water reservoirs not cleaning up the, the forest floors. You go from Marjorie Taylor Greene to Marjorie Taylor Greene 2.0. Nancy Mace. Here's MAGA Republican, Nancy Mace. Here she is again, talking about the only thing that seems to be on her mind. This is how she gets attention to go on Fox when she tries to bully transgender people. Let's play it because It's time that we stop wasting American par taxpayers. It isti time that we stopped, we stopped wasting time up here on the hill. We stopped wasting time here in Congress talking about BS and someone brought up dignity earlier.


I would love to see dignity and respect for women up here on the hill, which is why we should ban men from women's spaces, which is why we should ban men from the locker rooms, from women's locker rooms, which is why we should ban men from women's dress dressing rooms. I'm done with this. We gotta get back to common sense. We gotta get back to fighting and working hard for the American people, and we've gotta do it together. So you, you guys can, you guys can talk all you want on the, on the left side of the aisle. You're not going to be successful because there was a mandate. By the way, you may know this about me. I'm a professor at USC. One of the courses I teach is a course called Sports Law. So one of the things I, I often teach my students though, you know, this whole attack on transgender people in sports.


Do you know how many transgender athletes there are in the NCAA under 10? And in some states where they spend millions of dollars to try to keep transgender athletes out, sometimes there's one transgender athlete in the state, but this is all MAGA talks about. Here's Marjorie Taylor Green right here talking about bathrooms and pee pee and vagina, whatever. This, this just what these, these people, they want to distract you with this stuff here, play this clip And keep your biological men who are mentally insane and have sexually pervasive ideas, thoughts, and fantasies out of our bathrooms, out of our sports, out of our women's spaces.


And if you wanna continue to be the party that stands up for that absolute insane bullshit, we'll keep beating you election after election after election. You wanna know why? Because y'all are for they them, and we're for the American people. And we actually do stand up for people's rights. We stand up for the unborn. We stand up for women and children, and we will protect them from the deranged lunatics that you all call women. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.


This podcast is sponsored by Delete Me. Delete Me. Makes it easy, quick, and safe to remove your personal data online at a time when surveillance and data breaches are common enough to make everyone vulnerable. The incoming administration has made it clear they're going after political rivals, journalists and activists. But it's not just government surveillance. You should be worrying about data brokers profit off your personal information, turning it into a commodity that anyone online can buy. This leads to real world consequences like identity theft, phishing, scams, harassment, and those nonstop spam calls that we all dread. Delete Me is the best way to keep your personal information secure. And out of the hands of data brokers, I recommend DeLeT me because I didn't know how much was out there about me until I used it as someone with an active online presence. I felt vulnerable until I started getting personalized reports from Delete Me, showing exactly what data they removed. It made a huge difference in my peace of mind. Take control of your data and keep your private life private by signing up for Delete Me. Now at a special discount for our listeners. Get 20% off your Delete Me Plan when you go to join Delete Me dot com slash midas and use promo code Midas at checkout. That's M-E-I-D-A-S. The only way to get 20% off is to go to join Delete Me dot com slash midas, M-E-I-D-A-S and enter that code Midas at checkout. That's join Delete Me dot com slash midas code Midas protect your privacy today with Delete Me.


And you know, one of the things I've been saying, WMD weapon, a mass distraction, they don't want to govern. They can't deliver the things that they claim they're going to, they can't even come close to it. So they want to divide Americans against Americans. They want to get the factory workers and the 99% who are getting screwed over by the actual MAGA policies, which go to help the billionaires and the DECA millionaires. And they want to convince the factory worker, the union worker, the blue collar worker. It doesn't have to be, doesn't have to be workers.


I mean, just people who are just working hard multiple jobs. They're trying to convince them that they should be more pissed off about some transgender athlete from San Jose State on the volleyball team than against their own interest and their own family's interest. It's, it's ridiculous here. MAGA Republican representative Derek Van Orden says, we're very close to World War II here at play. This Clue as we got somebody now in the Pentagon who's gonna follow Donald Trump's lead and make sure that we have peace in the world again, we are closer to World War II than we have that in my entire lifetime. And is now time to project peace together. Peace through strength. And Pete, he is gonna bring that home and bring America across the line.


We're gonna protect our citizens and our allies for the first time. We, in the last four years. It's fantastic. We're thrilled There's a bunch of Navy. What Do you mean Van Orden? First off, okay, world War II happened a while ago in the forties, but, but a little bit before then. But second off, I thought that your whole thesis was that Trump was gonna get elected and then the world would obey and then things would be all of a sudden great right away on day one. But now, Keith Kellogg, Donald Trump's special envoy to Ukraine says there's not gonna be a peace deal in Ukraine for at least a hundred days. That's what Keith Kellogg's saying.


Also, Donald Trump apparently wants to be the bad guy in World War iii, threatening to annex Canada, Panama, Greenland, Mexico, whatever country comes to his mind. But I digress. Here's Democratic Congresswoman a OC talking about while the fires are burning, the number one priority of MAGA is to prevent 10 transgender athletes from playing in sports. Here play this clip because Los Angeles is on fire right now and this is the number one priority dish majority has. Thank you. And I Yield thought this was an interesting moment where Maga Republican Congress member James Comer, who is the head of the oversight committee, he refuses to strike Nancy Mace's words when she threatened Jasmine Crockett because James Comer says that take when Nancy Mace was threatening Jasmine Crockett and saying, let's take it outside, comer's like, but it could have been, it could have been.


Take it outside for a cup of coffee. Play the clip. What the gentle lady said was, we can take this outside if you want. And okay, so that could mean we could go outside and have a cup of coffee or perhaps a beer or, you know, I mean we have seriously Mr. Chairman conversations outside, Mr. So I'm gonna rule that, that it was you, you know, just a, That it's okay. That it's okay. Alright. And then point inquiry or, and, And remember this is a slippery slope. You're going down. 'cause there we have, oh, You're going down the Slippery committee as you know. So just to, just to be clear, in this committee, we can, we can ask apparently threaten violence on someone as long as, no, that's not, excuse me, I did not threaten violence.


Excuse me. I threatened no violence. There was no violence. I ied no violence. There Was no violence as long as at the end I threatened no violence. That was no violence person, none. You're making shit up as you go along. You might wanna figure this one out. Quarter Order, Mr. Chairman, you're cursing today. No violence, Mr. Chairman, No violence. I'm gonna appeal the ruling of the chair. And finally, we have congress member, democratic Congress member Gar Mendy, who calls out MAGA Republicans for trying to impose conditions on aid to California. One of the things that MAGA republicans are demanding is that there be a increase of the debt ceiling or an elimination of the debt ceiling.


In order for California to get aid, you're tying together the debt ceiling and aid to California in a disaster. Watch what congress member Garri Mendy has to say And modify my remarks Without objection. The gentleman is recognized for one minute. Thank you Madam Speaker. There's a great tragedy occurring in California as we speak. Members of the California delegation have spoken on the floor about the extraordinary damage, the loss of life, and the lives that have been disrupted. I was shocked to watch on television, the elected leader of this house suggesting that federal assistance to deal with that tragedy would be conditioned.


Didn't specify on what, but I would remind that gentleman that $120 billion has gone to Louisiana over the last 20 years dealing with the tragedies, Katrina, new Orleans and the like. And that's not the total count. It would be unconscionable for this house to place any condition on the necessary assistance that Americans should give to our American people in Los Angeles. I would ask us to search our conscience and for the leader, elected leader of this house to do so also and put aside those requirements.


I yield back, Gentlemen. Oh, So go on the offense dems, go on the offense. Be loud about these. The American people are with you on these issues, but you're seeing the deluge of propaganda and lies from MAGA and you gotta be able to rebut 'em. It's a fire hose of lies. Pew, pew, pew, pew over and over and over and over again. That's all they've got. You gotta, you gotta combat it. You gotta, you gotta be ready to debunk it right away. But you also have to go on the offense.


And going on the offense doesn't mean responding always. It means saying that the Maga Republicans support the oligarch billionaires who are stealing your jobs, who are giving your jobs to others, who are taking away your money and enriching themselves. You, you, you have to go on the offense too. Here. Can't always be defense. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million things for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.