
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% Off terms. Apply


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Do more with up to five times more power, more versatility, and more features than any ordinary handheld trimmer. When you upgrade to a Dr. Trimmer mower from Dr. Power Equipment featuring all steel frames, an adjustable handlebar, oversized wheels, and the strongest trimmer cord on the market, a Dr. Trimmer lets you easily mow everywhere. A bladed mower can't. Visit dr power.com today and shop the sale.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantisx X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next with Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself in ammo savings alone as a proud gun owner. I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx X.com.


You know, we've covered this GOP disastrous budget bill from many angles. And I think the angle that's not getting enough attention is how these green energy tax credits that are job creators are going to be removed and it's going to cause lots of people to lose jobs and lots of jobs that can be created to never actually be created the way former President Biden. And when this legislation was passed years ago as it was intended to be created, you know, the Republicans always would wanna mock this Green New Deal, green New Deal, whatever.


And as they were mocking it, you know what I've always been reporting on is that, you know, China was smiling 'cause they were going around to the world and they were saying, well, if America doesn't wanna be the leaders in kind of green new energy, w we'll do it because it's a job creator. And former President Biden would say this a lot and we covered it here. He would go around to talk about how clean energy tax incentives will help make clean energy jobs good paying union jobs. And we're seeing it from labor laborers and carpenters, building solar farms, iron workers and operating engineers, building wind projects, electricians, installing solar panels and EV chargers.


Heck, I remember when I visited Colorado and I saw the wind turbine plants there and the jobs that were being created there. On, on the other hand, you know, you've had Donald Trump and these Republicans attack this, attack it as they call it a green news scam. But folks, I mean, we're seeing it in the data. I mean, the manufacturing data that came out on Monday shows manufacturing in a contraction where people were saying there was a manufacturing boom under former President Biden. And I was just saying, you know, when you watch Donald Trump go around on the campaign, you know, he was saying some of this crazy tariff stuff then as well. Like here he was when he was on Joe Rogan basically attacking Biden legislation and saying, you know what we really need?


We need, we need tariffs. We need tariffs here. Play this clip. They Do it. But, but let just tell you that chip deal is so bad. We put up billions of dollars for rich companies to come in and borrow the money and build chip companies here and they're not gonna give us the good companies anyway. All you had to do is charge 'em tariffs. If you would've put a tariff on the chips coming in, you would've been able to, just like the auto companies is no different, more sophisticated, but no different. You know, Taiwan, they stole our chip business, okay? They want us to protect and they weren't protection. They don't pay us money for the protection. You know, the mob makes you pay money, right?


I wanna bring in former Washington State Governor Jay Insley, governor Insley served as governor and state of Washington 2013 through 2025. Governor, I I, I want to get your perspective, you know, as someone who's, you know, had to actually run a state, doesn't have the luxury of just, you know, speaking in sound bites. I mean, and you have to represent democrats, republicans, independents, libertarians in your state. I mean, you saw firsthand how clean energy tax credits were helping your state. Talk to us about what this reconciliation bill's gonna do. It'll do a lot of damage to the best and brightest hopes of Americans in all 50 states.


And I would point out that you can have job creation clean energy because we're having it in my state like crazy, both because of the preexisting work by Biden and, and, and team and by our state action. Our clean energy sector has been absolutely rocking it, putting people to work across the state of Washington. But that is, if not coming to a screeching halt, severely diminished by Trump's threats. The two things I wanna point out about the idiocy of his policies, and it is idiocy. I don't know how else to describe it. And the only reason Republican senators should even give this the time of day is because they are acting as a cult right now, not listening to even their basic knowledge of economics and the basic job and economic economic needs of their constituents in two ways.


There's two ways I wanna point out that I don't think have been discussed enough. One is on the job front, you've correctly pointed out this is gonna cost thousands of jobs and analysis has already been done by the climate power organization, that it has already cost about 62,000 jobs across the United States, and it is already causing huge contraction of investment. There are projects being canceled. I talked to a person in the, in the capital financing word the other day that lost a, you know, multi hundred, hundreds of millions of dollars deal because of this. Even the fear of this happening has contracted this job market that is well known. I think the point that I'd like to stress though, when people think of clean energy, they think of, you know, nuclear scientists or photovoltaic engineers.


These are, these are blue collar jobs. These are skilled jobs in, in making these turbines, manufacturing, construction jobs, putting up, maintaining. These are high tech manufacturing. These are the jobs we want our kids to have. If they don't wanna spend $400,000 going to college, it's exactly what we've all been talking about of how to create new jobs for the working families. And a lot of Democrats been gnashing their teeth. How are we gonna connect with working families? Well, here's a way to do it to show that Trump and his crew are trying to kill jobs for working families, particularly young people. But there's a second part of this I wanna emphasize. It really has not had much discussion. Trump ran on reducing inflation.


He ran on reducing costs of energy. He is gonna give us the most expensive energy in the history of the United States by taking away snatching from Americans, the cheapest energy now available, which isn't coal. It is not coal. Coal is more expensive than 92% of the districts in America. Solar, wind, battery technology efficiency. These systems are cheaper and that those fossil fuels are gonna get more expensive as demand ramps up for electricity. 'cause demand's gonna ramp up because of the oncoming AI and crypto needs of these data forms is demand ramps up? Americans are gonna face a price shock unless we really start to create more energy through cheaper means.


And that price shock to me is almost the most amazing elimination of what Trump said he was gonna do. Plus he wants to dominate energy. Look, if you wanna dominate energy, bring it home, build it here, make it here. This is, you know, the sun shines here. This is our sun. Nobody can divert it. The wind blows here. China can't steal the wind. We've got battery scientists that can't steal the scientists until Trump eliminated university research. Of course. So for multiple ways, you can't overstate the damage this would happen. But we still have some hope in the Senate. We hope people rise up, let senators know what they ought to be doing here, You know? But as you say, they are kind of functioning as a cult.


You can give all of the objective data that you just gave, you can talk about to these Republicans in the Senate that you're gonna be hurting your own constituent. You're gonna be hurting your own state. And then Donald Trump gives a speech and he goes, windmills, ra ra ra ra ra. And I, I look at it and I'm like, what the hell is he talking about? And then I'm sure a lot of these people who you know, look at it and go, okay, windmills bad. And I'm thinking, what? And I'm, I think I and so many Americans watch it and go, are we missing some? What, what is go like, when did politics have, you are a governor in 2013. How did we get here?


How do we stop that? What, what's going on? Well, it, it's, you're right, it has become a cultish behavior and it is difficult to break. But that is our goal and that is a necessity right now. And the way you break the cult is you threaten the political survival of politicians to let 'em know that your survival, if you stay in a cult, you're not gonna be office in office again. And it's just really simple. Democracy when it's boiled down, is kind of a simple enterprise. Citizens need to know their Congress. People and senators are not gonna be in office again, if you destroy our energy future, if you give us more expensive electricity, if you give us less cancer research, if you give us less research in all of these emerging technologies, if you do these things, you're not gonna be in office.


Now. It's just really, in some sense, simple. I'll give you an example. So there are 12 members of the US Congress of the House who wrote a letter saying, pretty, please don't do, don't take away these energy tax tax credits because they're, they're hurting our job creation in our districts. Then they turned around and voted for it. And at the, at the urging of the right wing of their party, in fact, accelerated the destruction of those jobs. Those people gotta feel the heat. There needs to be people letting 'em know right now that you're not coming back if you continue down this course and those Congress people need to talk to their senators. Look, you've got Senator Tillis there in North Carolina.


He's a very vulnerable Republican senator. And people in North Carolina and around the nation will need to let him know that what's coming down the pike if he doesn't fix this problem in this bill. And he's made noises about it. But frankly, we've been quite disappointed in Republicans who've made noises, who've written love letters to Thune and, but then turn around and vote for it. So this is up to us to bring the heat if we can do that. We got great stories of young people who wanna build wind turbines, brilliant battery technicians whose jobs are being eliminated now because of this, those people ought to be in the lobbies talking to their senators, letting 'em know what they think.


And this is a matter of doubt. This is not a done deal yet. And the reason is, there are so many problems with this bill that it lights up multiple places in the US Senate. You have some people actually don't wanna cut Medicaid because they think that's bad politically for to throw people out of the hospital when they're having a heart attack. Some people don't wanna have the massive deficit increases that are associated with this. And a few people understand they don't wanna reduce our ability to get clean cheap electricity. So you've got multiple players here who have a way to bring down the, this monstrosity monstrosity of a bill.


So I guess what I'm counseling is action to use your first amendment rights and realize these people work for you. And for all of those scores, it three strikes you out on this bill. Governor Insley, I wanna, there's so much more I want to talk to you about. I wanna schedule another interview where I want to talk about fema. I want to talk about all of these things. Yeah. And we'd love, we'd love to have you back on the Midas Touch Network, but I really appreciate you And what, what, what are you up to these days out outside of, you know, what, what, what's the day to day like right now? Well, I'm continuing the work I've done as governor, as you know, we adopted the, the most aggressive clean energy climate fighting laws in, in the nation, if not the world outside of Norway.


So I'm continuing to push those. I'm working with a group called Climate Power and serving as a spokesperson for them to try to encourage other states to join Washington. And by the way, there is help, help here because states can move forward on many of the things we've done. A hundred percent electrical grid, clean energy building standards, new subsidized heat pumps and electrical charging stations. States can do these things, mostly can't be stopped by Donald Trump. So one of the things I'm doing working with Climate Power is other people around the states to encourage state action. And we have 24 states right now in our US Climate Alliance. This is something I started with Jerry Brown during the first Trump administration.


We represent 60% of the US economy, and each one of our states can move the needle as they do destruction federally. We have our own ability to do that. It's the United States of America. So I'm working on that. I'm working on gun safety issues with the Alliance for Gun Responsibility. We're building that out nationwide as well. So I'm still in the hunt. I'm pretty motivated on this for good reason. Governor Insley, thank you so much for joining us. Thank You, Everybody. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


What happens when the rhythm of the world comes alive under a big time? But Juniper Soul Circus is coming vibrant performances from every corner of the globe. It's coming back to the DMV, see, it's on sale now@universalcircus.com.