
Watching Fox Malfunction as Donald Trump continues to behave like an absolute psychopath. Or Donald Trump's out there hanging out with Laura Loomer. It's a sight to behold. And Democrats are punching back. They're going on Fox shows also and being very aggressive. Watch this, you have a Fox host approach, democratic Congress member Eric Swalwell on Capitol Hill. Watch what Congress member Swalwell does here play the clip. Not worried about the ambiguity surrounding Harris this close to election day. I'm worried about the ambiguity surrounding Donald Trump. I'm also worried about his health 'cause he didn't look good, I think. So Neil Cavuto has been attacked recently by Donald Trump. 'cause Cavuto was very critical of Donald Trump on Fox.


So Cavuto I guess tried to make up for it, but he had Ian Sams, who's a surrogate for Vice President Kamala Harris on, and here's what Cavuto said. He goes, but Donald Trump can sure pack those crowds in. Can he watch the response by Vice President Kamala Harris's surrogate, Ian Sams play this clip. Hey, say what you will of the former president. He can pack him in. He used to, you know, he's, he's a, he's a faded image of his former self, I think in 2016. You know, he had a lot more excitement, a lot more people showing up. I think now, you know, we're on season nine of this show and maybe they've lost the plot a little bit and I think would prefer a new set of characters. And here Sam's is again, play this Clip.


I mean, you know, the, the, the former president might, might stretch certain truths a little far, but when it comes to crowds in his rallies, he does pack them in. I think you would have to admit that. And his crowds are significantly bigger than, than Kamala Harris's crowds. I would, would you acknowledge at least that much? I I, I'm not sure if you've been watching crowds in a rallies over the last couple months, and I don't think that's the case. I think we've seen a lot of people who are wandering off in the middle of his 45 minute long rants about electric sharks and Hannibal Lecter. And look, folks, facts matter. And Ian Sams is 100% right, right here. Like take a look from last night's event.


This is Donald Trump's crowd in Las Vegas. He couldn't pack him in, barely could get or barely could draw 2,500 people in Las Vegas, Nevada. Here. Just watch this room. You'll see the empty seats, low energy play. This clip, This entire venue only holds about two to 3000 people. Look at this. Look at how small this venue is. This is it about 3000 people at os. That's it. Okay? Now compare this to the crowd of nearly 20,000 people that vice president Kamala Harris gave a speech in front of, in North Carolina.


Now she spoke at Greensboro, her was her second stop in North Carolina with this crowd, the first crowd, massive crowd in Charlotte. She did two speeches there, filled up big crowds play this clip.


And then Fox tries to get Donald Trump to say something normal. And they say, so would you do another debate? What do you need? And then just watch this response, play this clip. What Would it take to do another debate? What would you need? And one, it would be, I wouldn't need anything. I could do it tomorrow. Would you do it on? But I've done two debates. Everything was crooked in the second one. I did great with the debates and I think they've answered everything. But maybe if I got in the right mood, I don't know. Right now I'm leading and I'm leading in every single poll on the debates. Thank you very Mr. Brett. It's so good. To which Ian Sams goes back on Fox and he's like, Hey Neil, doesn't it seem that Trump's awfully moody lately? What, what happened to him? Here play this clip.


Let me ask you a little bit about what our Aisha Hasti might have gotten out of President Trump. Maybe a small crack opening in the door to another debate. Is it, is it your belief that despite his not wanting one, maybe he is hinting at one? Well, I thought his exact wording was pretty interesting. He said, if he's in the right mood, he might do a debate. He seems awfully moody. don don't know if he's just working through his feelings after Tuesday night. But as the vice president has said, you know, the American people deserve a second debate. They deserve to see the choice in this election between Kamala Harris and a proposed vision that brings the country forward and turns the page on the chaotic division of Donald Trump and is offering real plans, whether it's grocery costs, housing costs, the things your reporter just talked about, that she's put forward to take those things on.


Or do we go back to Donald Trump and his show that he likes to put on that is very dependent on his mood, but with an agenda that's pretty scary. More tax cuts for those at the very top, taking away our freedoms, whether it's reproductive freedoms, voting rights, things like that. That's the choice that people get to see on stage in a debate. And so she thinks that the American people deserve another one. And I guess we'll see if President Trump's mood changes to allow him to do that. Then you had Philippe Brains who actually helped prep vice president Kamala Harris on the debate. Watch him just mock Ari Fleischer. And Fleischer used to be the press secretary for Bush.


He's now a MAGA hack. Watch Philip Brains watch what he does. Does here play this clip. Well, first I wanna say it's great to be back and Clay, despite the backhanded compliment. Thank you. I look you're welcome. I when Ari is good. When Ari first started speaking and He said this was a contrast press conference, I honestly thought he was gonna say that it was a contrast between Donald Trump today and Donald Trump Tuesday. 'cause let's not gloss over what we saw. And look, I know my two fellow guests are way too smart to pretend otherwise. That was a terrible debate performance on the part of Donald Trump. He just absolutely malfunctioned is the only


I have To tell you about this game changing product I used before, A night out with drinks. It's called Pre-Cool. Let's face it. After a night of drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. I used to feel like I had to make AdChoices. I could either have a great night or a great next day, but now don don't have to choose thanks to pre-Cool biotics. Pre-Cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's actually this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your next rough day. Pre-Cool produces an enzyme that breaks this byproduct down. Just remember to make Z biotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I pre alcohol, before drinks, I notice a difference. The next day, even after a night out, I could confidently plan on getting up early for a workout or handling a busy work day Without worry, I won't lie. I was a bit on the fence about pre-cool at first, but then while hanging out with some friends at a rooftop bar, I gave it a shot. I had my first pre-cool before my go-to Margarita. And the next morning I felt amazing, just like my normal self ready to take on the day. I kept hearing about pre-cool and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I believe the hype and with their GMO technology biotics is working on more products to address other toxic byproducts of modern living in the gut. Go to biotics.com/midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order when you use the code Midas at checkout, that's M-E-I-D-A-S. Biotics is backed by a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to biotics.com/midas and use that code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off.


Because what Ari Fleischer was rallying about on Fox was that Vice President Kamala Harris is artificial intelligence. What does it even mean? She, she's ai, what the heck are you talking about? Play this clip. His contrast is with artificial intelligence, which is what Kamala Harris was at that debate. She was just programmed to say everything she said, there was no spontaneous thinking. And the, And Fox continued to struggle. Like they were trying to, you know, they were trying to broadcast Donald Trump's speech from Ranchos Palace Verde in California. They had a cut out and they cut out like right before, 'cause they have to cover up that Donald Trump says this stuff. So Donald Trump says that the one of the mass deportation operations he wants to run is he wants to round up.


He says the Haitians in Springfield, Ohio, based on his own made up lie that the Haitians are eating people's cats and dogs and pigeons and geese. And he goes, he wants to take the Haitians and move them to Venezuela. This is what Donald Trump was saying in his speech. Play this clip. No, I I will maybe Springfield, maybe Aurora, maybe both. We'll go there. I can say this. We will do large deportations from Springfield, Ohio. Large deportations. We're gonna get these people out. We're bringing them back to Venezuela. You know, he told Biden he's not accepting anybody back. They moved all their criminals, not all of 'em, but the rest are moving in.


Now they So no wonder Fox cut before that 'cause they tried to sane wash this. Let me show you how Fox tries to sane wash Donald Trump to not show their audience the types of things you just saw. Play the clip ball And it's not even nice. I saw Pictures or President Donald Trump continues to speak there in Rancho Pelos Verde's, California. John, he started about 1 26 6, he's been going for about 34 minutes so far, 35 minutes or so and counting and really laying out a message to voters about why he thinks Kamala Harris is a, a bad choice for president. He's been, By the way, if you take a look at Drudge Report, this was their front page. Luer Mag Love has Donald. Trump found his real soulmate.


Where's Melania? Marjorie Taylor Greene calls Donald Trump in a rage, a MAGA Civil War escalates. And Fox just doesn't know what to do. They have Carl Roe go on Fox Business and he says, how ill prepared Donald Trump was at the debate, play this clip right Titled A Catastrophic Debate for Trump, which reads in part, as is frequently the case with Mr. Trump, he let his emotions get the better of him and did a terrible job at his most important task tying her to President Biden's failed policies. There's no putting lipstick on this pig. Mr. Trump was crushed by a woman he previously dismissed as dumb as a rock, which raises the question, what does that make him? So can you expand on this again? It's still number one on the website this morning, Carl.


Well, Well, well thank you for that. But look, I, I'm amazed I he was ill prepared for this debate. Everybody knew that, that that, that A, B, C was gonna fact check. They said they were gonna do it, so be prepared for it. First of all, he should have remembered e IB slash TW economy inflation border. Anytime spent talking about something else was wasted time. And occasionally if the world came up, if somebody else took the, if, if Kamala Harris or the panelists brought up the questioners, brought up the world, talk about that. But that's what this, this is where he's winning. If he talks about the economy, inflation and the border.


So fact checking, call him on it. What? Here's Carl robe again. Play the clip all More examples. Yeah. And look, he knew this was gonna happen. So what, you know, Matt Gaetz, you know, Tulsi Gabbard, Laura Loomer. Why didn't somebody in that room say Mr. President, they're gonna, they're, they're, they're, it's a A, BC. They're gonna be fact checking and you can count on the dominant media fact checking you more than her. So let us arm you with, with a technique and look for the opportunity. And maybe they did, maybe he didn't do it. But I'm gonna tell you that was one of the, well, that was only one of the, the, the two major shortcomings. I think the other major shortcoming was they knew she was gonna provoke him.


First of all, remember any time spent on talking anything other than the economy, inflation the border. And if, if somebody else brings it up, the world is wasted time. So they knew he was gonna be provoked. They knew that he, she was gonna find some way and she did it effectively. And he bit, every time, you know, your crowd size, people, you know, get tired and leave. You know, what he should have said was, you know what, I know what you're trying to do. You don't wanna talk about the economy inflation or the border. Sir, you're bringing up these side issues, but it's not gonna work with me. And the next time she tried to provoke him, he could say, you know what? Nice, try not gonna work. I'm gonna stay focused on the things that American people care about. You keep trying those childish debate tactics and that's fine by me.


I'm not, you're not gonna get to me. And he would've come across as, you know, laughing. He could have been confident, he could have been strong, but instead he didn't, he took the bait and he shouldn't have taken the debate and he should have flipped it back, whatever it was, back to economy, inflation border. And if it was in a part of the conversation about the state of America and the world, talk about that. Okay, Carl, but just so you have a sense of like, who's watching Fox and like what a Trump supporter looks like right now. So here is a, one of the Trump supporters who attended that teeny tiny Las Vegas Nevada rally. And they're now saying that actually the Haitians are not just eating dogs and cats, but they're actually cannibals and they're eating human beings. They said this is such, these lies are so dangerous and just so dumb.


Play this clip. Have Haitian immigrants ever tried to eat your dog? Serious question. I know. It's just crazy. I'm not even joking. They're not eating only dog. They're eating also with people. Yeah. What do you think about that? What, what should they do with those people? Teach 'em to eat. Okay. Just teach 'em to eat beef. Teach 'em to eat. Yeah. That's all you gotta do. Yeah. What do you make of that story in Springfield, Ohio? Like you're a dog owner. You have a beautiful dog. You're a dog owner. I do. Yeah. You know what I make of it? What do you make of it, sir? They're tired of eating rats. So then you have Sean Hannity rail against Ben and Jerry's play the clip.


Alright. Ben and Jerry's the liberal ice cream company, they have created a new flavor to help boost Kamala Harris. They call it it Kamala's Coconut Jubilee. It is part of a swing state bus tour hosted by the company along with the left wing organization move on political action now they'll be giving away free ice cream and helping turn out the vote for Democrats. If you ask me, Ben and Jerry, they missed a huge opportunity. Oh Man. As I've said, this stuff is just so weird. Then Jesse Waters brings on Donald Trump's spokesperson, Caroline Levitt. Just watch this, Be a terrible president that has been proven true by her interview today and her debate performance on Tuesday. Well, She's gonna be doing, and For no particular reason, I'm showing you this photo of Donald Trump and Laura Loomer and this one.


Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million together. Thanks for watching. Real quick, metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat. Eat.