
Want a website with unmatched power, speed, and control? Try Bluehost Cloud, the new web hosting plan from Bluehost, built for WordPress creators by WordPress experts with 100% uptime, incredible load times, and 24 7 WordPress priority support. Your sites will be lightning fast with global reach and with Bluehost Cloud, your sites can handle surges and traffic no matter how big. Plus you automatically get daily backups and world-class security get started now@bluehost.com.


Fox is in total free fall right now. They don't know what to do with Vice President. Kamala Harris soaring ahead in the polls and Donald Trump having a bigger meltdown than the previous day each and every day. So here is Laura Ingraham trying to help Donald Trump out, and she accuses Vice President, Kamala Harris and other media networks of running a propaganda ring together. Really? Laura Ingram, you're not looking in the mirror here, play this clip. But we're not living in normal times. We have hardcore propagandists burrowed deep into every corporate media outlet out there.


So they're not really reporters. They're repeaters, repeaters of left wing dogma. And this is what Fox was going with last night. And again, you see that they are just totally crumbling as their talking points Don't even make any sense. Here is Sean Hannity saying that Vice President Kamala Harris's campaign is all built on lies and disin, disinformation. The whole thing is projection and confession. Here play this clip. You're a communications expert and we see that this whole campaign is on a foundation of, of lying and propaganda and misinformation and deception and, and they're not being who they truly are.


Now up to this point, they've gotten away with it. Now the question is, how does, how would the country react if they knew everything we're talking about regarding both Tim Walls and Kamala Harris? I think they would lose in a landslide. Now the question is how do you get that information out? That's your area of expertise. Oh, you have to bring in miss alternative facts. Bring in Kellyann Conway, who says, oh, now the media is just saying how pretty and smart and intelligent Vice President, Kamala, Harris. We hear it every day. You're gonna play this clip. And our fears are real. That left to our own devices. Kamala Harris is just one big old blind date and everybody's making her whatever they need her to be.


She's so good looking. She's so smart. She's so wealthy, she's so funny. She's close to her mom. She goes on really cool vacation. She'll never break your heart. Everybody's making her what they need her to be. She is defined to define her, is to deter her. Alright. Right. That didn't work. Miss alternative facts didn't work. All right. Bring in Janine Pirro. Let's see what Janine Pirro has to say. And she goes, I wonder if world leaders are going to be thinking, should I be afraid of Vice President? Kamala Harris? Hey Janine, guess what? Donald Trump's afraid of her here play this clip. He is not someone who is capable. Kellyann talked about Afghanistan. I can't imagine her sitting in a room with any of the world leaders without them looking at her and saying, should I be afraid of this woman?


Really? What? Alright, so you went through anger him. You went through Hannity, you went through Kellyanne Conway. You went through Janine Pirro. Alright, Fox, you're gonna have to bring out the big guns. Now why don't you bring out Mike Huckabee, Sarah Huckabee, Sanders's dad, Mike Huckabee, and let's watch him conflate one semester at ROTC with 24 years of military service by Governor Walls. Have you no shame. Mike Huckabee. Here play this clip. This is about a man who has trouble with the truth. I don't denigrate his service. I'm gratefully served in the National Guard, and it was honorable without him having to embellish it.


Sean, I was in the ROTC for one semester in college, but it was six months after the draft ended. They were trying To get people out of the army, not in the sergeant told me, he said, son, we wouldn't take you no matter how bad you wanted to come. Don't come back next semester. Now, I could have got up for the rest of my life and said yes when I was in the military. But that would've been really on the front to the people who did serve and who did things more than shoot a 22 in one semester of our OTC.


As a kid, I loved eating cereal, but as an adult, I don't want all that sugar. And most cereals don't get me the protein I need. Then I found Magic Spoon, a Nostalgically Delicious cereal that tastes just like my childhood favorites, but without the sugar and with a ton of protein. And if you're already a Magic Spoon fan like I am, I have big news. Magic Spoon has turned their super popular cereal into high protein treats that are light, crispy and taste just like those classic crunchy cereal bars, magic spoons, brand new treats are so delicious and have already become my favorite before and after Gym snack. Every serving of Magic Spoon Cereal has 13 grams of protein, zero grams of sugar, and four grams of net. So you can feel good about what you are eating. The most popular flavors are fruity and cocoa, and there's so many more. I love the cocoa ones. Magic spoons. Brand new treats are crispy, crunchy, airy, and an easy way. To get 11 grams of protein on the go, and for the first time ever, magic Spoon treats are available in grocery stores with delicious flavors like marshmallow and chocolate peanut butter, chocolatey peanut butter. I personally love magic spoons, chocolatey peanut butter treats. I have one every morning to start the day off on the right foot and I know you will love it as well. Get $5 off your next order@magicspoon.com slash midas or look for Magic Spoon in your nearest grocery store. That's magic spoon.com/midas. M-E-I-D-A-S for $5 off magic spoon. Hold on to the dream magic spoon.com/midas.


So then Fox has Nikki Haley on as a guest. And Nikki Haley says, look, one of the big problems here is that, you know, Trump really needs to be, I guess what, not acting like Donald Trump. Like we all know this is who he is. Here play this clip. That's not happening. Now, do you think that this campaign is, is floundering on that point? I want this campaign to win, but the campaign is not gonna win. Talking about crowd sizes, it's not gonna win. Talking about what race Kamala Harris is, it's not gonna win. Talking about whether she's dumb. It's not. You can't win on those things. The American people are smart. Treat them like they're smart. Do You know that? Okay, next you got Larry Klaw, who actually worked for Donald Trump.


Larry Klaw said he watched Donald Trump and Elon Musk and that interview he said they were on message. It was a, a great interview for Donald Trump here at play this clip. And the good news is Mr. Trump was on message reminding people of his substantive successful policies. In other words, full of insights, not insults good days work. Wouldn't you say folks? And really, Larry, you think that was a, a good interview? This is what Donald Trump said during the interview. Here play the clip. I may be a crave a little coward, but I'm a greedy crave a little coward. Oh wait, sorry. That was Daffy Duck here.


This was Donald Trump from the interview saying that Time Magazine is portraying Vice President Kamala Harris in a drawing on their front cover so that she looks like Melania. But Donald Trump says that that's not what Camilla looks like. What what? Comparing Vice President. Kamala Harris to your wife. And you're calling her Camilla, I don't even know what you're even talking about here. Play this clip. And actually she looked very much like a great first lady, Melania. She looked. She looked. Didn't look. Yeah, she didn't look like Camilla. That's right. But of course she's a beautiful woman. So we'll leave it at that. Right? Also, throughout the day, you have the Fox host saying how they like, they're angry at the whole idea of like, brat Summer, they really pissed off.


'cause Donald Trump wants them to be, at the time cover of Vice President. Kamala Harris, their furor tells 'em, you gotta be mad at that. So they're mad at that. And then here you have Laura Iham also pushing this talking point. They go, she goes, and Vice President, Kamala Harris, she's not speaking with the press and she can't even have a conversation here, play this clip. Truth Is Democrats replaced a candidate who is senile with a candidate who is actually incapable of having a coherent discussion of economics, micro or macro or foreign policy or trade or pretty much anything that is substantive when it has to do with politics. Okay. By the way, vice President, Kamala Harris has consistently been talking to the press.


She's been answering questions. I I, I guess because she's not saying Hannibal Lecter or being electrocuted or eaten by sharks or any of the weird things that Donald Trump says. So maybe that doesn't register. But like, here's from a few days ago when Vice President Kamala Harris answered questions normally, rationally, thoughtfully. How, how about the, how about those things? Laura Ingraham here, just play this clip of Vice President Kamala Harris the other day. Play this clip. What did we expect you to roll out your policy platform next Week? And it'll be focused on the economy and what we need to do to bring down costs and also strengthen the economy overall.


Can You give a sense of, you have any reaction to the Israeli strike and Gaza today that killed at least 80 people? That's the death Penalty. You know, yet again, the far too many civilians who've been killed, I mean, Israel has a right to go after the terrorists that are Hamas. But as I have said many, many times, they also have, I believe, an important responsibility to avoid civilian Casualties. That was, you've been saying that since October 7th, and that has been in this region's policy for many, many months now as tens of thousands of civilians have been killed. I mean, there are people who are asking for limitations on arms to Israel, any kind of change.


What do you say to those folks who are looking for more than we should look out for civilians? Well look, first and foremost, and the president and I have been working around this, around the clock. We need To, get the hostages out. We need a hostage deal and we need to ceasefire. And I can't stress that strongly enough. It needs To get done. The deal needs To get done, and it needs To get done. Now On economy, I know you're gonna speak about that this coming week. Yeah. Can you give us a sense on how, what your view is on the Fed and independence of the Fed? President Trump weighed in on that list last week and said he thought he should have some say in the Fed's decisions. I couldn't agree, disagree. Excuse me more strongly. The Fed is an independent entity.


And as president, I would never interfere in the decisions that the Fed makes. And what's your take on their policies right now? Do you, there was some concern last week as the market fell that there might be a recession coming. What's your view on that? Well, as we know, we, there was some turbulence this week, but it seems to have settled itself. And, and we'll see what the decisions they make next. And I I, I hear about 'em about the same time you do? Sure. Yeah. Do you know what day you'll roll out? You started by mid, thank you. Thanks. Hear reacts. She's like, why are people liking these comics for Kamala? Really? This, she's like this, this is horrible.


Here, play this clip. It's a Ls, it's all about grooving with the Giggler. It's a national nonstop dance party. Y'all Just remember, like, they're just trying to take away our joy. Don't let them take away joy. Please don't let them take away our, our joy. Let's just go to a kind of rational world. Here's Tara, set Meyer on CNN, former leader in the Lincoln Project. Great political strategist. Here's what she has to say. Play the clip. I have something About being phony because I this a talking point, and then I wanna say something. This is a talking point that is really rich coming from Trump supporters that Donald Trump's entire existence is phony. Okay?


He even puts on, he has a phony tan, he has phony hair, he has phony gold in his, in his, you know, resorts. Everything about Donald Trump is fake and phony, and yet they're gonna try to use that against Kamala, Harris and Democrats on issues. Kamala made a break, said she wanted to do fuck. And here is Sean Fain from United Auto Workers President Sean Fain on CNN. Here's what he had to say. Play this clip. Hey, thanks for having us, Caitlyn. Look, this is just it. It's just more of Donald Trump and who he is. You know, this is, this is the, this is the Corporate America Playbook. The billionaire playbook. They thumb their nose at labor law. And there's gotta come a reckoning in this country where the billionaires in the corporate class and employers are held accountable when they break the law.


It is federal law that workers have a right to strike and you cannot be fired for striking. And you know, Donald Trump thumbs his nose to law. I mean, you know, there's another theme coming out. I call Donald Trump a scab because that's what he is. But you know, there's been the word thrown around here recently about weird. And you know what? That ticket is just completely weird. If you listen to Trump and Musk, how they laugh, how they laugh about how Musk fires people and how Donald Trump loves to talk about his favorite two words, you're fired. I mean, who enjoys that? Who takes pride in firing workers? And that's the problem here. You know, this is a whose side are you on moment. That's what this election's about. And we know who Donald Trump stands with. He stands for the Bayer class and the Wealthy and Kamala Harris and Tim Walls.


They're one of us. They're working class people and they're gonna stand up for working class people and, and it's a very clear cut election for us on whose side we're on. Well, There you have it, folks. Another Meltdown by Fox. Tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million subscribers. We're almost at 3 million subscribers. Hey, it's free to subscribe. I think we can get to 3 million in August. What about you? Hit subscribe. Let's get there together. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.