
Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and as AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com Cancel any anytime terms apply


When the game tips off the NBA action is just beginning on FanDuel America's number one sports book because FanDuel is your home for NBA live betting however you wanna play, now is the perfect time to join. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA 21 Plus and present in Virginia. First online real Money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER


As Donald Trump's approval. Plummets state regime Media known as foxes, doing everything it can to try to convince we the people that we should just trust billionaires with all of our data, with all of our information. And they keep hitting this message that if you're gonna trust anyone, don't you trust the billionaires for real. This is what they're saying here, Play this clip. Elon Musk had access to all that stuff when he was running PayPal. Right? And Also, and, and if you're gonna trust anybody with rooting out waste, fraud and abuse, wouldn't you want it to be a guy who really doesn't need your money? Right? Right. And also, does anyone actually think that Elon Musk is sitting in the West Wing right now going through people's, you know, tax returns?


Gimme a break. It's people who were appointed by the president within the agencies to conduct audits to do their jobs, and people entrust their personal and private information to all kinds of people all the time. The IRS for instance, had contracted thousands of of folks to review sensitive information, yet there's a problem. And why is there a problem? Because they are Donald Trump appointees. Hmm. They kind of continue this message at all times during the day. So on their morning show, they have this like fantasy, like imagine when Elon returns all the money to everyone. Imagine when the billionaires give you all of the money. Things are gonna be so special on the other side of this just you way to your Play this clip.


When you are finding all of this money, when you are taking it back, when you are cutting off future streams of funding, give that back to the American people, then you'll see the economy absolutely explode. And people will once again be able to take out new loans and start new businesses and all the wonderful things that follow when they have more of their own money. It's so Pathetic that people can fall for this stuff. I mean, you realize that they're not talking about no tax on tips, no tax on social security, no tax on overtime. Egg prices were supposed to go down, not planes going down. You realize that they're pickpocketing you and they're doing the bait and switch to give a $4.5 trillion tax cut to the billionaires while they're cutting $880 billion from your Medicaid, $250 billion from farmers, $350 billion from education.


I can go on, but I think you get the point here. Then you gotta call in Alina Haba. I think she kind of botches the line here, but she's supposed to kind of repeat that same line that I can't believe people are getting in the way of the billionaires who are trying to just help you, who, who are working for free. Well, let the billionaires work for free here, Play this clip. We are doing exactly what America mandated on November 5th, cleaning up waste fraud and protecting you, the American people and our money because we pay a lot of taxes and we need that money to be spent wisely. So the fact that we're being stopped by people who are Elon Musk, Donald Trump billionaires who know how to run businesses is insane to me.


I would love for them to come in and, and help me make billions of dollars or save billions of dollars. And that is what they are doing for next to nothing for the American people. This, okay? The billionaires aren't working for free. They are working to shut down the entities that regulate them so that they can make many more billions of dollars by ripping off we the people. And they have a cruel desire to make we the people suffer while they just get richer and richer while screwing over the people. That's what's really going on here. I mean, look, Donald Trump says, he goes, he goes on Hannity last night. He's like, Inflation is back, baby Inflation is back. But it's not my fault.


But inflation is back here. Play this clip. Yeah. And, and inflation is back. I'm only here for two and a half weeks. That was generally Inflation back. Now think of it, inflation's back and they said, oh, Trump infl, I had nothing to do with it. These people have have run the country. They spent money like nobody's ever spent. They, they were a Cognitively adult. These cognitive, are you watching this? So then Jesse Waters, Jesse Waters goes, you know how I know Doge is doing it, right? Because the math never lies meth. Meth. It doesn't lie. People here Play this clip. What never lies besides George Washington Math.


Math never, never lies. Math always tells the truth. Do's math. And like I, I know that what it's like 55 to 60% of Americans have below a fifth grade education. I know it's an astounding fact, but then again, 49% of the population voted for Donald Trump. But like all this U-S-A-I-D stuff that they're dropping, it's like QAN non drops. You know what I mean? Like they're talking about, oh, condoms to Gaza. Eh, false. They're saying literally millions of millions of deceased people are getting social security false. They're saying, look, we found another $8 billion in, in fraud here.


And If you actually look at what the number is, setting aside whether it's fraud or not, it's like 8 million. They can't like read the comma right here. They don't know the way the coding systems work, so that's why they're getting a lot of this data wrong. Anyway, they then bring on Sean Duffy, who leads the Department of Transportation. This is the guy who got famous on the real world and the Real World Road rules challenge reality TV shows. And Sean Duffy goes on Fox and he's like, look, I know you're seeing a lot of air crashes lately, but air crashes, they happen here, Play this clip. But again, air crashes happen. But they were more under Biden than than Donald Trump.


But the point here is we wanna get to a place where we have zero crashes. We don't want people to die in aircraft. Which is why what I've done is focus on how do you upgrade the system. But will you look at what's happened? The, the airspace around DCA that was allowed to stay open under the last administration, the inspections that were done at the aircraft that have crashed, that was done under the last administration. So it is rich that they would come at this administration for the mistakes that they've made and blame us for the crashes. We're gonna fix what they refuse to fix over their, the course of their four years. And, and that's the mission of this, this department. And they're such liars too. He goes, there were more air crashes when Biden was in office than Donald Trump.


Well, first off, let's be clear. Donald Trump's been in office like for a month, okay? Biden was in office for four years, and you are wrong. What? There were four lethal plane crashes in the past month. One devastating commercial jet plane that was coming into Washington dc that cr that a helicopter crashed into right above DCA airport. I, that didn't happen since 2009. They lie about everything. And the same way they were trying to be like with Covid, oh, you have nothing to worry about. This is, it's just death. Like what are we talking about? You see what they're trying to do here as they're f you see what they're doing as they're firing all of these FAA officials.


They want to normalize plane crashes and they, they're trying to brainwash their viewers to be like, oh, I guess that's just normal. Planes just crash. No, it, it isn't normal. That wasn't happening when former President Biden was in office. You idiots. That was not happening. It just wasn't sorry for ad hominid attacks. They're just like, Ugh. Even I sometimes I'm just like, ugh. Then they call on Senator Roger Marshall MAGA Republican and he's like, look what we really need to do here when it comes to Maha, make America healthy again. We need to do reeducation. We need to do reeducation camps for the American people.


They're talking about the maga. Republicans are talking about reeducation camps here, Play this clip. And the FDA administrator at least, least we assume it would be, is Dr. McCarey coming up with new nutrition guidelines and helping America eat healthy? Once again, Can you force nutritional change or can you just recommend it strongly? You know, I think there's like anything as a physician, it's, it's education that my patients, we need to reeducate America, but we can also stop funding federal government funding of processed food. 70% of America's calories come from ultra processed food. There's no reason that those need to be in our school lunches in our senior citizen meals as well. But we can redevelop those habits and, and, and we'll get it done eventually.


But we need to cut back on the ultra processed foods as cut back on the sodas, the sugar sodas that SNAP is funding. So there's opportunity in the federal government as well.


Listen, I know a whole lot of politicians who could use our next sponsor and I know you do too. I mean, some of these lunatics could use a chill beverage. Let's be real here. This podcast is sponsored by Soul. If you listen to this show, you already know that I love their out of office gummies. But now Soul has leveled up with their out of office THC beverages, perfectly microdose with hemp derived THC and CBD. They give any situation that vacation vibe. I cracked open a Raspberry Lemonade last night after a long day and it was exactly what I needed. Just enough of a warm fuzzy buzz without sending me to the moon and no hangover. That's a win. Honestly. It's been the perfect way to wind down when work gets overwhelming. And you know that again, these drinks come in two delicious flavors. Raspberry lemonade and cucumber, melon, lime. And they're available in two different doses, two and a half milligrams, THC or five milligrams THC. So you could choose your vibe. Plus they come in six, 12 or 24 packs. So whether you're looking for a single chill night or stocking up for your next hangout, they've got you covered. Sol was founded by brother and sister Duo, Mike and Angie Lee, Mike, a former World Rank Boxer, and Angie, an author and speaker who wanted to create natural alternatives for things like anxiety focus, pain relief, and sleep. And everything Soul Makes is organically farmed grown in the USA and gluten-free. So if you wanna feel your best head to get soul.com and use code Midas for 30% off your order, that's 30% off using code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S one last time get so.com code Midas for 30% off.


Then they have Caroline Levitt on Fox and then they say, Hey Caroline. So what's Elon's role? Because you're filing a lot of documents in court now saying that Elon Musk doesn't run Doge. So what's his role there? Caroline Levitt, press secretary here, Play this clip. Sandra here by the way, and thanks for coming back on with us. It seems there's being a lot made of what Elon Musk's role is actually at Doge. The president has introduced him as the head of Doge multiple times in interviews. Yet there's this affidavit that we've been able to get our hands on here that the press has as well, that it contradicts the White House House claim that he's the head of Doge.


This, this affidavit actually says he doesn't work for Doge at all. Reading directly from it, it says Musk is not an employee of the US Doge service or the US Doge service temporary organization. That's according to the director of the White House's Office of Administration. So what is his role At Doge? Sure, I'm happy to clarify. Elon Musk is a special government employee here at the White House serving at the direction of the President of the United States. Donald Trump, Elon Musk has been tasked with overseeing Doge on behalf of the president and Doge employees. Doge folks have been onboarding at respective agencies across our federal bureaucracy as political appointees, just like any other political appointee gets on board with the new administration, with the changing of hands.


And those individuals are helping the secretaries at all of our agencies that have been nominated and confirmed by President Trump in the United States Senate to cut waste fraud and abuse at these respective agencies. So that's the way Doge has been set up and that's the way it will continue to operate. I just want you to know why they're set. You might be like, that's a weird thing. Why are they saying that he's not the administrator of Doge? Because they are frauds, okay? But what they're trying to do is say he works as a special advisor to Donald Trump in the Executive branch because they want to declare the Presidential Records Act executive privilege and presidential immunity.


They want to claim all of those privileges to block transparency. That's why they're doing it. And so when Elon Musk, who has not testified before Congress, he's not responding to Freedom of Information Act request foia, they're doing this and hiding him and saying he's a special advisor and is not running Doge so that he doesn't have to be transparent and he can just post his things on Twitter or X and be like, look, I did another dropping for you. I did another dropping for you anyway. Here was Caroline Lebanon Fox the night before spreading the lie that tens of millions of deceased people were on social security. This is false, but notice what she says also. She goes, we haven't looked at the books yet.


We haven't looked at the books, but we know that there are here Play this clip, John. He is now delivering on it. And I've been fighting fake news reporters all day long here in the Washington DC Swamp who are trying to fearmonger the American people into believing that this administration is going after their hard-earned tax dollars and their hard-earned social security checks. So I wanna set the record straight on your show tonight, Sean, and I'm very grateful for the opportunity to do so. President Trump has directed Elon Musk and the Doge team to identify fraud at the Social Security Administration. They haven't dug into the books yet, but they suspect that there are tens of millions of deceased people who are receiving fraudulent social security payments.


Alright, You should probably stop talking when you say we haven't looked at the books yet, because before you form an opinion, you might wanna look at the books. I mean, maybe you do that and then there wasn't tens of millions of deceased people on social security. You just don't know how to read the coding, which would've been a very basic thing. So by the way, Donald Trump was asked what Elon's role? And he's like, Elon's role is, he's a patriot here at Play. This clip In a court filing the White House said that Elon Musk is not a Doge employee and has no authority to make decisions. Can you clarify for us today? Well, Elon Musk, that Role is that Yeah.


Yeah. Elon is to me a patriot. So you know, you could call him an employee, you could call him a consultant, you could call him whatever you want, but he's a patriot. I mean, look at the kind of things I just said. Just write it down just in case that question got asked, right? And which I'm surprised it took so long, actually. But you know what, Ukraine's a bigger deal because people are dying by the thousands a week. Thousands. And I'll just show you this as well. 'cause like they're trying to normalize things on Fox that should not be normalized. So they're trying to normalize plane crashes, like normalize the spread of diseases. They wanna normalize dictatorship, normalize billionaires going into your private information of it's just a billionaire.


You don't trust billionaires like going into your private data, like you don't trust them. Come on, what's going on? I mean, that's what they're doing over here. So here they try to normalize Elon Musk implanting chips in your head, Play this clip. Then the next step would be to add a second Neuralink implant past the point where these, the neurons damaged so that somebody can walk again. And so, so they're, they, they can have full body functionality restored. And so And you like Bobby, right? I like Bobby actually, yeah, I think I, I, I supported Bobby Kennedy. I think he, you know, he is unfairly aligned as someone who is anti-science.


But I think he, he isn't, he just wants to question the science, which is the essence of the science, the scientific method fundamentally is about always questioning the science. Well, they Didn't, you get the hustle though, by Fox, right? You get what they're doing, you see it for yourself, right? My god, my god. This shouldn't be a political thing. That's the thing. Like I who watches this and is like, yeah, America. Yeah, yeah. Well, billionaires here, take my, where's my wallet? Take my wallet. Billionaire. You got it. Stupid, stupid stuff. Just be freaking normal. Just being, why can't we just, I wanna boil down this network.


And the reporting that I do is like, can we just be normal please? Like, and not this like, weird crap. I just don't want you to feel alone. Like, I, I think one of the things that I like about this network and I like, I like doing these videos, like this is like to know what? I read your comments. I'm like, okay, we're not alone. Like, These people Are crazy. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Can't get Enough Midas. Check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.