
Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions. Apply. See terms and conditions@klm.com.


I'm ready for my Life to Change a, b, C tonight. American Idol returns. Give it your all. Good luck on up the golden ticket. Let's hear it. This is Man's world. I've never seen anything like it. And a new chapter begins We Going Hollywood. Carrie Underwood joins Lionel Richie, Luke Bryan and Ryan Seacrest on American Idol. Season premiere tonight, eight seven Central on A, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com Cancel anytime terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


For a limited time, you can get KFC chicken with the sweet heat of hot honey. And after one bite, you'll wonder how do bees make hot honey? So hot. Are they special bees? Does KFC have Dragon bees fire-breathing dragon bees that create spicy honey? No silly, there's no such thing. KFC just partnered with Mike's hot honey to drizzle all over their crispy chicken. But Dragon Bees would be so cool. Try it now for only $7 or share a box with friends for 25 prices and participation very well. Supplies last, taxes, tips and fees extra


As Donald Trump's approval continues to plummet as prices continue to surge. Fox, which is state run regime media, they need to cover for Donald Trump. So let's use the same old playbook a bring in Magar Republican James Comer, maybe he talks about, I don't know, hunter Biden. Hunter Biden. Let's, let's talk about Hunter Biden. Everybody here play this clip. What Are the chances of holding them accountable despite Biden pardoning his family members? Well, I personally don't think the pardons would hold up in court. I mean, I would hate to be the attorney who would have to argue how a president can legally pardon his entire family preemptively for an 11 year period.


I mean, that's not gonna fly anywhere. But at the end of the day, the ball is in Pam Bondy's court. Look, we did the investigation. We proved the Biden family took tens of millions of dollars from our adversaries around the world. Joe Biden lied about it. He knew about it. He met with every single person, even though he said he never met with any of them. And then we know according to the IRS whistleblowers, the Biden family never paid a penny of taxes on that $35 million. So I think there's a pretty strong case for the Trump Department of Justice if they choose to go there. Do you Know whether or not President Trump is on board with pursuing the Biden family? I, I have no idea. I think that's a question you'll have to ask him. I support whatever decision Donald Trump makes.


I mean, so utterly pathetic. And then you have Maria Bar Roma then brings in Magar Republican Congress member Andy Barr, and he says, the reason that MAGA Republicans will be taking away your Medicaid is because you're lazy. That's what he says. He says, look, Americans just are lazy people who aren't working, and we gotta make sure that those people are not getting Medicaid. We gotta remove them from the roles here at play. This Clinton Coming up with the offsets. So when you look at mandatory spending, and this is the point that I've been making recently, is some of this quote unquote mandatory spending, not mandatory at all. No. Look, I mean, Medicaid is a big mandatory spending program, but what we need in this country is for the American people to get back to work.


Yeah. Work capable Adults need to get off of the taxpayer roles, and they need to get into private health insurance in private employ. This is what Secretary Besson and President Trump are talking about when they say re privatize the economy. This is good for people who are currently on Medicaid in Kentucky and around the country. We want people to not be on Medicaid. Yeah. We want them to have good private sector jobs that pay them more and give them better quality private health insurance. Understood. It's such a lack of understanding for how Medicaid helps individuals, how there's a reason why certain Americans are working or not working it. It's just cruel. It's just very, these are very cruel and detached people with who are not tethered to reality.


Here's Alina Haba, by the way. Here she is on Laura Ingram. And here she says, look, this is exactly how we should be running the country. Exactly the way Donald Trump runs his company is how he's running the country here. Play this clip. It's, it's pretty common sense. How about just, how about just work like, nevermind essential world. That's that's easy. Are you working? Are you working? Are you double dipping? Are you working for another company? And If you cannot say that you are working, you do not have a job pretty much anywhere. And I hope that any boss runs their company the way President Trump is running this country. And what was, okay, well, Let me just take a look at Donald Trump's own financial filings from Trump Media stock, which is tanking, by the way, in my opinion.


I mean, it's what, in the twenties right now? It's down like what? 26, 20 7% in the past year alone. This is ano, I'm not gonna read every company that went bankrupt that Trump ran, because it'll take me 10 minutes of the video. But If you want to take a screenshot of this, take a screenshot. A number of companies that were associated with Donald Trump have filed for bankruptcy, there can be no assurances that Trump media will not also become bankrupt. It talks about Trump, Taj Mahal bankruptcy, 1991, Trump Plaza. Trump Castle, and the Plaza Hotel bankruptcy, 1992 THCR founded by Trump bankrupt in 1995.


Trump Entertainment Resorts bankruptcy, 2009. I mean just like casino after casino, bankrupt, bankrupt, bankrupt. And then a number of companies that had license agreements with Trump failed. Then it goes and talks about Trump shuttle, Trump vodka, Trump mortgage, Trump University, Trump stakes, go trump.com. On and on and on. All are out of business. So I guess Donald Trump is running our country, the way he runs his businesses, tanking them. By the way, what I, again, what I just showed you, just so you know, that was what Donald Trump wrote about himself in his own filings. Those were hi the words of his lawyers about him.


So let's go to Howard Lutnick, Donald Trump's commerce secretary who says that you don't have to worry about them cut. They're gonna go after your Medicaid, that's for sure. But when it comes to social security and Medicare, they say they're only gonna go after people who deserve to have it taken away. Here, play this clip by The greatest country on earth. We will not cut one penny from someone who deserves Social security, someone who deserves Medicare. But let me tell you all that crap of waste and fraud and abuse that's outta here, we're gonna balance this budget. We're gonna drive interest rates down, and we're gonna make the greatest America great again. Now, I wonder how they decide who deserves to have their social security taken away.


Who, who's deserving of that? Well, we know how they treat federal workers and believe that they don't deserve to have their jobs and they get rid of them. So we'll, we'll see what he means by deserve. Laura Ingraham then brings on Tommy Tuberville, who doesn't know the shape of a triangle and calls a triangle, a trigon. We play the clip. Just gonna help there. He, Pete, he says his welcome Doge, to come in into the military, we have to start in the Pentagon. We need to make a trigon, three sides instead of five sides in the Pentagon. It is way too big way over bloated. They have, what, 30, 40,000 people in the Pentagon, then a hundred thousand people across the street in, in Arlington that are making tons of money.


We have to cut back and do it for the war fighter, help the war fighter build equipment, do the things we need to do. We can, we can get the cuts, but we need to continue to do what we, what what Pete has done is cut out all the bloat and all the DEI get our military back to a killing machine. Somebody that can protect this country and our allies. Well then you bring back on Alina Haba and Laura Ingraham show, and Lena Haba says, well look, when Donald Trump says that Putin is bright and really smart, that doesn't mean he's praising Putin. Play this clip. What we have voted the American people have voted for on November 5th. But that means that yes, we're gonna be tough, but we still want to make money. We still wanna be producing, we still wanna work with other countries.


China's just another example. It's a lot like Laura. When the president says something like Putin is bright or Putin, that doesn't mean he's praising him. That means that he's acknowledging the situation. What is good for America? What is America first? If you say we're not gonna have Amazon, we're not gonna have anything imported or exported with China. That's not realistic. That's not what he's saying. We want to do business, but it's gotta be done the right way. And that is what the President was referring to. But of course the spin Israel, as you know. Okay, then Alina Haa brags about how 230,000 federal employees will be fired. And she says, probably more. She goes, I think we'll do better play this clip Now, Elena, do you think they'll get to that 230,000 employee number to cut?


Will they go higher? What's your sense as things stand now? Higher. Higher? I think that we're not, I think, I think there's, I don't know. But I can tell you that the, what we've recovered and what we've seen is so clear. We're already ahead of schedule. Elon spoke to that right now. If we continue at this route, we hope to have a balanced budget. We hope to, to fix the deficit, serious problems that have existed in this country that have not been addressed. And you have to do it quickly and swiftly. And President Trump expects us to work really hard to make sure it gets done in this administration. Not in six years, not in 10 years. Oh, then we bring on Caroline Levitt, the worst press secretary in American history. And she goes, this is transparency.


This is everything that you always wanted. Right? This would make Kim Jong-un blush. It will make Kim Jong-un blush like, what the hell is this play? This clip? Yeah. I mean, the Associated Press says you're restricting access to the President and you're restricting access of the free press. It's a very hard argument to make when the President of the United States holds press conferences himself for more than an hour, sometimes multiple times a day, and takes questions from an array of journalists, from outlets on the left and on the right. This is the most accessible and transparent administration in history.


And anybody who just watches the television can see that, except for the Associated Press. I guess even a judge, a federal judge in Washington DC sided with us in saying that the Associated Press or any outlet does not have a legal right to go into the Oval Office and ask the president questions. It is a privilege, and it's a privilege that has unfortunately been restricted by this group of DC based journalists who call themselves the White House Correspondence Association and have had a monopoly over the White House in its press access. Not anymore. Yesterday we announced that the White House is now going to control the pool rotation of reporters who get to fly on Air Force.


One, get to go into the Oval Office and ask President Trump questions. And we are going to keep the legacy media outlets around 'cause we're not afraid to take questions from anybody. But we're also gonna add those new voices in the mix who deserve to be there, and who are excited about the privilege of enjoying this Trump administration and asking the president of the United States questions. Well, there's a lot to Enjoy. But before,


If you know me, you know that I love a good cup of Joe. But lately it was making me a little jittery. So I switched over to Mudwtr Water. And it's not just some coffee alternative. It's loaded with adaptogens, antioxidants, and a lot of other health packed ingredients that make you feel like the healthiest person in the room. I love it. And as that weather gets colder, Mudwtr water is the perfect, cozy, nourishing drink to warm you up. Whether you're curled up on the couch or in the middle of a busy day or recording a podcast like me and you try it today, you'll save big time. Our listeners here, get up to 43% off your entire order, free shipping and a free rechargeable froth. Or you head to Mudwtr water.com and use the code Midas. You gotta spell it right though. M-U-D-W-T r.com and use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout. And now Mudwtr Water is also available at Target and Sprouts locations across the us. So it's never been easier to grab a cup of this winter friendly pick me up. Now. Every single ingredient in Mudwtr Waters product are a hundred percent USDA, certified organic non GMO, gluten-free, vegan, and kosher. There's also a zero sugar and no sweeteners added. And also to use Mudwtr Water, you simply drop the powder in your favorite mug, pour some water on it and give it a mix. Some go wild and add creamer, honey, or even CBD. There's also a caffeine-free blend as well. I love it all. So are you ready to make the switch to cleaner energy? Head to Mudwtr water.com and grab your starter kit today. Right now our listeners get an exclusive deal up to 43% off your entire order, plus free shipping and free rechargeable frother when you use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. That's right, up to 43% off with the code midas@mudwtr.com. After your purchase, they'll ask you how you found them. Please show your support and let them know that we here at the Midas Touch Network sent you, keep your energy natural and refreshing all year long with Mudwtr water because life's too short for anything less than clean, delicious energy.


Then you bring on Pam Bondy, attorney General. And you know, th this is, I I I guess they think they're being like sly and cunning and you know, it was announced that they were go, that they were doing an investigation as part of Trump's retribution tour on James Comey. And one of the things that right wing media is pushing is that James Comey tried to set up Donald Trump with a honey pot operation back in 2016. They, they always want to go back to 2016. Like Americans wanna know, why the hell are prices going up so much? Why are you destroying our economy? Why can't we even find eggs housing's less affordable? There's in the job market's not great right now.


You keep firing people, you know, it seems like planes keep crashing every other day or there's some incident every other day, but they're going to some honey pot. It's always like sex with them, right? Like they always do like weird sex stuff is how they get their people like all animated. And then Pam Bondy's, like, I don't know what you're talking about, Jesse. I don't know Jesse, what you're talking about. I mean, it's just so the whole thing's so weird. I play this clip. We're Hearing reports that there was a investigation opened into James Comey who may have thrown honeypots at Donald Trump back in the 20 15, 20 16 years.


Is that true, Jesse? I don't know anything about what you're saying about James Comey right now. Okay, That was a report. Don't Know anything about that. That was a report that was cited in the Washington Times. I'll take it at, at that The, it's again, it's like, it's like a bad movie that you know, that that that like has like 20% on Rotten Tomatoes and you give it a try, but the dialogue is just so stupid. Like it's kind of what this is. And then again, as I say, they always gotta go into sex and stuff like that. So, so here now she goes, I'm gonna break some news everybody. I'm gonna release the Epstein files, but here's what I'm gonna release everybody.


The flight logs, I'm releasing the flight logs. Wait a minute, you mean the flight logs that were released in 2021 that are already out there that we have Donald Trump's name is on those flight logs. We have them. They were in the Ghislaine Maxwell trial. Why don't you release the rest of all the files on redacted? Isn't that what you said you were gonna do? Of course you're not going to do that because I'm sure you're afraid that Trump's name's gonna be all over him. Here play this clip. One of the things a lot of people are wondering, 'cause you said last week that you have the Epstein files on your desk, is when can we see them and what's taking so long to release 'em? I do, Jesse, there are well over this.


This will make you sick. 200 victims, 200. So we ha well over, over 250 actually. So we have to make sure that their identity is protected and their personal information. But other than that, I think tomorrow, you know, the personal information of victims. Other than that, I think tomorrow, Jesse, breaking news right now, you're, you're gonna see some Epstein information being released by my office. What kind Are we gonna see who was on the flights? Are we gonna see any evidence from what he recorded? Because he had all of his homes wired with recording devices. Yeah. What you're gonna see, hopefully tomorrow is a a a lot of flight logs, a lot of names, a lot, a lot of information.


But it's, it's pretty sick what that man did. Okay, well we'll look for that Along with this co-defendant. Absolutely. And he had help, that's for Sure. Then you go to Laura Ingraham, who's with her former Fox host colleague Pete Hegseth, who's now for some reason the Secretary of Defense. And then Hegseth is asked about the legal cases are trying to force the administration to give more access to information to migrants. Listen to what Heg says. This idea that people are being mistreated is absolute garbage. But a federal judge Stopped three Venezuelans from being transported here because apparently at least temporarily decided that it wasn't clear why they were being sent here.


So clearly the legal cases are trying to force the administration to, to give more information, more access to the migrants, more legal rights to the migrants, more access to attorneys, family calls, what They do, what they always do. My job as a Secretary of Defense is not to worry about what the lawyers are arguing. I've got my own set of lawyers that give us the legal parameters and we are abiding by the law completely. Then Heif claims that the information that these migrants who are sent to concentration camps and Guantanamo Bay, we actually not violent people. He goes, that's bs, that's fake news. We know though, that they weren't, these weren't gang members at all. Even if they were gang members.


Just, I don't know, may may maybe you be transparent about that. Why? Why, why don't we know their identities? I mean what, like what's going on here? Like you should still reveal their id. If they're gang members then, then don't you wanna say who they are or show it? I don't know. Here play this clip. It's in time for your visit here. The Washington Post has a hit piece out on this entire operation. They're basically saying that three of the detainees that were transported outta here last week were, you know, not criminal offenders. They were run of the mill illegal aliens. And they complained of inhumane conditions. They complained of mistreatment isolation. Your response to that, That article is bs.


It is exactly what the blame America first crowd will always do, which is try to characterize our efforts, try to mischaracterize our efforts in order to impugn the motives of the President of the United States and his efforts to secure the American people. This idea that people are being mistreated is absolute garbage, but a Federal judge, and here he attacks the ACL U, let's play it all Them. We didn't talk to them before, interact with them, but we saw them, saw their living conditions And what did they look like? It's all, It's austere, it's basic. Yeah, but it's every basic amenity that you could need. It's provided medical checks, dental checks, healthcare checks, welfare checks, recreational opportunities. But again, it's austere and it's basic 'cause it should be, you broke our laws If you may temporarily have to go to Gimo and then you're going home.


An A CLU group is saying that the confinement there is tantamount to solitary confinement, which is against the UN rules on how you have to house people like this because they're, they only get two hours of outside time outside of theirselves. What do you say to that? What the, I say bull in the ACL U, I know what their agenda is. They wanna make the America America look bad. They wanna make our commander in Chief President Trump look bad. These are top-notch, top tier facilities run by professionals where they bend over backwards to make sure that medical, dental, healthcare, food, religious accommodations, language accommodations all exist.


No, you're not gonna have universal freedom at Guantanamo Bay. It's a prison, but they get all the time that they need as a temporary place to send them home. This is about temporarily ho holding, high profile, high threat individuals who then we resent home now. And then finally you have Brett bear asking Howard Lutnick that Wall Street is unimpressed with the Trump administration and here's what Trump's commerce secretary says. Let's play. So I guess although businesses on Wall Street and you know them well, they're, they're skeptical consumer confidence. They look at went down seven points in February. They see jittery feelings in the US economy and they wonder whether this is going to boomerang back on us consumers is I guess the feeling.


Do you hear that from businesses when they talk about tariffs? 'cause Wall Street companies look at one at a time, right? If I'm importing goods and I have a tariff on me, how's that going to work for my shareholders? Me Wall Street analysts don't look at America writ large American people writ large. Donald Trump was elected by who? A majority of Americans to do what to take care of American. If that doesn't work out for your particular company, I'm sorry. I'm sorry that it's not so good for you. You might have to pay the tariff. But let me tell you, If you drive down our budget deficit interest rates come smashing down, you balance this budget.


Interest rates in America are under 2%, right? And not by monetary nonsense, like really below 2%. Mortgages are so much cheaper. Food costs are so much cheaper. Our farmers can sell everywhere in the world. America explodes by winning and that's Donald Trump's objective. And that's what we're out there to try to do. And last thing on This. Anyway, let me know what you think. Hit subscribe, and let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Can't get enough Midas, check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.