
Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms Proving difficult to manage TREM via guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year, many patients taking Taya achieved clinical remission and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. Taya is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis, serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor If you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or If you need a vaccine. Ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. Call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit tremfya radio.com.


Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions apply. See terms and conditions at KLM deo.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detectors, spots, threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com. Cancel anytime terms apply.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. Oh, Price, they have my favorite brand, just like a whole new BU Dodge. Ah, I give I too. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals you'll love Burlington. I told you So.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you are into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Fox is very scared right now. Let me give you some data points. Consumer confidence is in the gutter, the economy is crashing. Donald Trump's attorney general Pam Bondi, promised to release the Epstein Viles and now surprise, surprise, she's covering it up. And Democrats are going into reddish and purpleish districts where MAGA Republican congress members are too afraid to hold town halls. And Democrats are speaking with pissed off constituents and voters who are enraged that what Donald Trump and Elon Musk and Doge and all of these Nagas are doing. So what is the Fox propaganda machine doing?


They are pring it. Let me show you what they're doing. They have Kellyann Conway, the queen of alternative facts. She goes on the Hannity show and she talks about consumer is up. Way up. Everybody here play this clip. Greg Go down. Consumer confidence going up. Everything is turning up Trump and now No Kellyann Conway. Consumer confidence is way down. It's the worst University of Michigan. Inflation expectations since 1993. It's the worst University of Michigan consumer sentiment. They're the university that takes these consumer survey datas. They're the gold standard.


It's the worst University of Michigan consumer sentiment since 2022. And the big news in this University of Michigan data was not simply the inflation expectations and consumer sentiment. Look at what people are saying about the jobs market. Expected change in unemployment is the worst right now since the 2008 recession. So let me fact check Kellyann Conway right there with actual data. Then Sean Hannity is terrified of Democrats going into these red and purple districts. So Hannity says, look, if if you're in one of these conservative areas, be be careful. The Democrats may be talking about like transgender people playing sports.


Ooh, here, play this clip Probably in all likelihood. And according to reports, they're now planning to take this show on the road and they wanna have town halls and Republican districts across the country. You may want to go, might be entertaining, you might have a few questions for them. I would ask that you not be like them and be polite. But beware. If you are in a conservative area of the country, which is most of the country, a radical Democrat might be coming to a venue near you to spread their message in support of men and their right to play women's sports for open. That's all they have at this point. All they have is to try to bully marginalized communities as Donald Trump and Elon Musk take a wrecking ball to Medicaid Social security, cruelly fire, our heroic veterans gut, the VA gut, the N-I-H-C-D-C Department of Education attack, the most vulnerable attack, poor kids.


And what are the MAGA Republicans talking about? Ooh, the Democrats are coming in talking about transgender volleyball players. What the hell are they even talking about? Then you have Alan Dershowitz, Donald Trump's lawyer. He goes on Fox and he praises how great Donald Trump's attorney general Pam Bondy's doing. I think she's doing great. So Dershowitz Trump's lawyer also has some connections with Jeffrey Epstein, I might add. So maybe this is why he's praising Pam Bondy, maybe Fox's platform. I, I don't know. But you can judge for yourself here, play this clip. Well Look, I think we're on the right track. I think Pam Bondy has an extraordinary experience.


She's tough. She has the right priorities. And remember Pam Bondy said she was releasing the Epstein files, but it turned out she just brought in a few weeks ago those MAGA influencers who were handed binders that says the Epstein files. Here it is. And it wasn't the Epstein files, remember what it was. It was like Epstein's phone list, which was released many years ago, by the way, which had Donald Trump's phone number on it and lots of Donald Trump contact information on it. But let, let me just give you this data point on Alan Dershowitz, Trump's lawyer, former lawyer who was on Fox, who was saying, Pam Bondy's doing a great job. Take a look at this, this case. Could you Please, I never saw a young underage woman yet.


Epstein's former Butler swore under oath that Dershowitz was at Epstein's residences at the same time underage girls were there, Were there young women in another part of the house giving massages when I wasn't around? I have no idea of that. Dershowitz did say he once received a massage at Epstein's mansion, but from an adult woman I kept my underwear on during the massage. I don't like massages particularly. Told You, we gotta come with receipts here on the Midas Touch Network. That's what we're going to do. So then as Donald Trump is crashing our economy as people's 4 0 1 Ks and pensions are in the gutter. But according to Kellyann Conway things are great.


Who does the Trump regime bring onto the Fox Show? Maria Bar Roma, who also sits on the Kennedy board at Donald Trump's selection. She's one of Trump's chief propagandist. They bring on Trump's commerce secretary Howard Lutnick. And he's like, whoa, there's no way there's gonna be a contraction, the Atlanta Federal Reserve. No way. They're wrong. Watch what he has to say. Play this clip. We've Seen worries about growth. I know you said you're not expecting a recession, but investors are on edge over the possibility of a recession this year after the Atlanta Federal Reserve said that it's predicting a 2.4% contraction in the first quarter. And of course, president Trump would not a Wait, wait, wait. Say that again.


A what? A what? The Atlantic Federal Reserve. 2.4% contraction. Correct? Correct. First quarter. Okay. Right here, right here, right now. Right here, right now. That is ridiculous. Then on the Laura Ingraham show, they hosted JD Vance and he just said a bunch of words, salad about how he's deferential to Donald Trump. I I didn't try to even make sense of what he's saying here. Let's play it. But I just wanted to answer the question and then of course something I said in my answer caused the blow up. You know, Zelensky got frustrated with it and then everything went from there. You know, the, the president, what, what I try to do is, is obviously he's the president, I'm the vice president.


I try to be respectful, but I also recognize that sometimes the president wants me to say stuff. And of course if the president, if I think there's something useful I can say and I think that it's gonna be deferential to the president, I'll jump in and and offer my thoughts. All right, coming up,


do you know if Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US? With thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers? They have all the plants your yard needs, like fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs and so much more. Whatever plants you're interested in, Fast Growing Trees has you covered. Find the perfect fit for your climate and space. Fast Growing Trees makes it easy to get your dream yard order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days without ever leaving home. Their live and thrive guarantee ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape, choose the right plants and learn how to care for them. I got a lemon tree from Fast Growing Trees and it's my favorite thing in my yard. I was worried about ordering plants online, but it arrived fresh, strong, and ready to plant. Plus, now I get to just walk outside and pick my own citrus. Not to mention, it smells amazing every time I go out. And by the way, big yard, small yard, no yard at all. Doesn't matter. Fast Growing Trees has over 6,000 plants to fit any space from indoor plants to fruit trees to full-size privacy trees and more Fast Growing Trees Has plant experts on call. So if you're like me and don't have a green thumb, they'll help you choose the right plant and keep it thriving. This spring they have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to our show get 15% off their first purchase when using the code Midas at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at Fast Growing Trees dot com using the code Midas, M-E-I-D-S at checkout Fast Growing Trees dot com code Midas Now is the perfect time to plant, use Midas to save today. Offer is valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply.


And Then Hannity brings on Donald Trump's national security advisor, Mike Waltz, who just spews Russian propaganda. And I like the way Hannity, I don't really like it, but Hannity in this clip acts like, so let me just see if I can postulate this correctly. So what you are saying is I sus, I suspect the deal is going to be like this, like Hannity's, like actively involved in Trump administration policy as well. So he's just giving like the layup to, to spell it out to his audience, play this clip. If I were to imagine how this deal unfolds, it's gonna be the rare earth mineral deal, a component that keeps us involvement and a presence in Ukraine.


Maybe European troops can be in Ukraine as well. I would imagine that Ukraine being a part of NATO is not gonna happen. And I would imagine parts, maybe the Donbas region in particular or areas that are heavily populated by people from Russia that would go to Putin in any negotiated settlement. Am I wrong in my conjecture here, Sean? No surprise, you're not wrong in any of that. And what's important is that we are discussing all of those things with both sides. We are having those discussions with our counterparts, with the Russians. We are having those discussions with the counterparts, with the Ukrainians and, and we are pushing both sides together with President Trump, the deal maker in chief.


I think this comment sums this up nicely though. What this is almost certainly about is the Trumpers in their vast ignorance. Ignorance buying into the Russian claim that the Ukrainians in the Donbas region are Russians because they speak Russian. That's like claiming the Irish are English because they speak English. And that's why Hannity was serving it up kind of as a layup to literally launder the Russian Putin talking points talking about laundering the Russian Putin talking points. Donald Trump earlier in the morning yesterday, literally posted Putin's talking points. Trump says, we had a very good and productive discussion with President Vladimir Putin of Russia yesterday.


Pause there. Have you ever seen Donald Trump post? We had a very good and productive conversation with Ukrainian president Zelinsky. Have you ever heard him say something? Anyway, but about Putin who was very productive and there is a very good chance that this horrible bloody work can finally come to an end. But at this very moment, thousands of Ukrainian troops are completely surrounded by the Russian military and in a very bad and vulnerable position. That's all in caps for dramatic impact. Trump goes, I have strongly requested to President Putin that their lives be spared. This would be a horrible massacre, one not seen since World War ii. God bless them all. Literally everything Donald Trump said there is absolutely false.


It's some fantasy Russian propaganda fiction that Putin spews to his people. There's nothing true about that. So Ukraine's general staff had to issue a statement directly refuting the report that Ukrainian forces are encircled. Here's what the Ukrainian general staff wrote. Reports of the alleged encirclement of Ukrainian units by the enemy in the curse region are false and fabricated by the Russians for political manipulation and to exert pressure on Ukraine and its partners. The situation has remained largely unchanged over the past day. Combat operations within the operational zone of the curse group of forces is ongoing.


Units of the defense, forces of Ukraine have successfully regrouped, withdrawn to more advantageous defensive positions and are executing their assigned tasks within the KSC region. Our soldiers are effectively repelling enemy offensive actions and inflicting significant fire damage using all available weapon systems. Since the beginning of the current day 13 combat clashes have taken place in the curse direction. There is no threat of encirclement of our units. In other words, everything that Trump is saying is absolutely false right there. Surprise, surprise. Howard Lutnick then goes on Fox Trump's commerce secretary to attack the eu.


Here, play this clip. The world just let us rebuild. America needs to be in charge. Let us rebuild our steel and aluminum domestic production. And when we do that, taring our American whiskey. I mean, why is that credible? It seems illogical. So Donald Trump is just reminding the European Union who's in charge, who do they run their big budget deficits with? You know their trade deficits, they trade with us huge amounts. We buy their stuff all day, every day, and they need to respect Donald Trump and he's gonna teach him how to do that. You know, I I, now, one of the things about that attack on the EU that I find interesting, did you see this story from Reuters?


How many eggs can you send us? Is now asking countries that it's attacking to help lower the soaring prices of US eggs. Peep this, the United States has reached out to Denmark and other European nations asking if they can export eggs as Americans face surging egg prices. The Nordic Country's Egg Association said on Friday, the request from the US Department of Agriculture coincides with a raft of new US tariffs on countries including in Europe and a threat of more. Donald Trump has also threatened economic sanctions unless Denmark hands over control of Greenland to the United States while the Trump administration or regime I should say is out there begging, begging Denmark to help the US lower egg prices.


How utterly despicable can you get? Well, yeah, probably more with the Trump regime. There you have it. You see the propaganda? I know you want me to fact check it, which is why I come with the receipts when I show you anything Fox related. Let me know what you think it subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.