
So one of the big October surprises to drop, you had Donald Trump's own former chief of staff and four Star General John Kelly, say that Donald Trump on multiple occasion praised Adolf Hitler. And Adolf Hitler's general said he wished he had generals like Adolf Hitler and John Kelly said that Donald Trump would become a dictator is a threat to democracy. What does Fox do? Well on its morning program you have Brian Kilmeade, one of the Fox hosts say that's actually a good thing, the Fox talking. Point is Hitler had good generals. So yeah, of course Donald Trump would say that that's what Fox is going with here. Watch this. But Bottom line is, if you read HR McMaster's book who is critical of President Trump and some of it and not in others, he talks about how Madison Kelly didn't like the president and they didn't think he deserved the job or they didn't think he was worthy of the job and they went out of his way to make sure a lot of the things they asked him to do that they didn't like, never got done.


McMaster would be frustrated 'cause he couldn't get their attention and he would say, it's not your job to reign in the president. It's your job to do what the president wants. And then you factor in the fact that he runs his own company coming from the business world, the first one we've ever had. It's not even a public company. And then he obviously has frustration and I could absolutely see him going out. You know what? It would be great to have German generals that actually do what we asked him to do, knowing that's a third, maybe not fully un fully being cognizant of the third rail of German generals were Nazis and whatever. But he was frustrated with the, with slowdown of commands weren't, was it? It wasn't just a slowdown, it was insubordination.


And there is a culture within Washington, not just when it comes to the generalists, who by the way should be fired after what happened. And million Afghanistan is of insubordination. The, that the bureaucrats run the government. The founders did not design this country to be that way. Unelected people don't get to run the country, even if you have four stars behind your name and I think they were very frustrated that you had this outside guy that says, listen, I'm in charge Now. So while Fox is pushing that type of propaganda, then they have Jesse Waters who's kind of does the clownish routine and just tries to like mock everything and be like, look, I'm a dude. So this is a hoax alert. So he does hoax alert and says that what the retired four star General and Donald Trump's former chief of Steph is said is false.


It's a hoax and didn't actually happen. So Fox then goes with that messaging. So in the morning it is, yeah, German generals are great in the evening. It's, it's a hoax. It's a hoax with stupid hoax music to try to just show the contempt they really have for their audience. Play this. So It means it's time for new Hoax alert, new hoax alert, new hoax alert. The lab's biggest hoax. Chef Jeffrey Goldberg at the Atlantic has cooked up a doozy, says Trump admired Hitler. There's no recordings of this and everyone, everyone says it's baloney, but the V And then throughout the day, it's just lie after lie. Fox has on a guest who says that Vice President, Kamala Harris did not get the United Auto worker endorsement.


Play the clip that is Speak too when it comes to this race, that's Just not accurate. We've had a factory boom, we have I mean the, the Foxcon plant that everyone talked about Wisconsin, that why is it That Kamala Harris didn't get the UW endorsement, Robert? Well what about the, the union endorsement that didn't come through for Kamala Harris? Listen, why isn't she getting that endorsement? They didn't end Democrats years after years. She did get the United Auto Worker endorsement. You can see right there, the UAW strongly endorsed Vice President. Kamala Harris. Here's an interesting one as well because you know, the Wall Street Journal had to actually do an economic analysis of Trump's 3000 or 5000% tariffs, which is a tax on Americans, not a tax on China.


So they said this would be a disaster for the economy. Yes, bringing the American economy back to the 18 hundreds or 1798 would be a disaster. I don't need the Wall Street Journal to tell us that. But then Fox has on a guest who attacks the Wall Street Journal and says, the who reads the Wall Street Journal, which is owned by the owner of Fox Rupert Murdoch here, Play the clip, When they both gave a plan on manufacturing the Wall Street Journal hammered, president Trump's plan hammered it. They called it like a deer in headlights. They did. And they actually said, vice President Conwell's plan was friendlier to business. Well, Katie, y you know that's Your Wall Street Journal. I'll let, I'll let you explain.


I I I understand that's the Wall Street Journal. I just see what regular folks seem to be thinking and feeling and saying across the country. And I'm not sure they care too much. You know what the Wall Street Journal's opinion is, but you know, we're gonna see that on election day, Katie. So then they go into just the misogynistic stuff. They have mago Republican representative Andy Ogles on the program, and he goes, you know, for me it's Vice President Kamala Harris's laugh, her laugh makes my skin crawl, her laugh makes your skin crawl. You've got serious problems, dude, if her laugh makes your skin crawl here. Play the clip. Has she Articulated that? Well, I know she's from a middle class family, but, but that's about all I know.


And I know she has a laugh that makes my my skin crawl. But that being said, there is no substance to her, which is why she deflects anytime she's asked a tough question. Look, you're known for asking tough questions, you'll ask me tough questions and other members of Congress tough questions. She can't come into the show and answer your questions because she has nothing to say that means anything at all. She's gonna laugh and talk about being from a middle class family, which is absurd. Then time to call in Ron DeSantis. And Ron DeSantis says that if one of the propositions passed to allow the legalization of marijuana in Florida, Florida's gonna smell like New York here. Play the clip. A a case that your team is making is that this would not limit it in public places. So is Florida going to start smelling like New York?


God forbid if this passes, That'll that will happen. Yes. And here's the thing, this amendment, how did this, how did this get here? That's one big weed company has spent $100 million and they wrote the amendment to benefit them, not to benefit the people of Florida. So this is not about freedom because they don't let you grow your own weed. If you wanted to do that in your backyard, you gotta buy it from them. They create a big weed cartel, but on the other hand, they don't limit use in public. So you will see rampant use. So to me, this is anti-free. They don't let you grow your own. But on the other hand, people that don't wanna be involved in marijuana will have their freedoms infringed upon when this is in our parks, on our beaches, just like it is in Colorado, in California and places like that.


Okay, what's better than a clean kitchen kitchen that doesn't smell with Lomi, that gross trash smell. It's gone. My kitchen smells fresh all of the time. Lomi lets me turn my food scraps into dirt with the push of a button. It's a countertop electric composter that takes my waist and transforms it into nutrient rich dirt in less than four hours, I run it while I sleep, just like my dishwasher. No more smelly trash bins. And it's so quiet, you barely notice it is running. And since I got my Lomi, guess what I'm taking out? Way less garbage. So if you're ready to start making a positive environmental impact and make cleanup a breeze, Lomi is exactly what you need. I want you to do this. Head over to Lomi dot com slash midas and use the promo code Midas To. get $50 off your Lomi. That's $50 off when you go to Lomi mi.com/midas. M-E-I-D-A-S. Use our promo code Midas at checkout, say goodbye food waste and hello to a cleaner greener kitchen with Lomi. And with the holidays coming up, Lomi makes the perfect gift for someone on your shopping list. So turn your food waste into dirt with the press of a button with Lomi. Use the code Midas and save $50 at Lomi dot com slash midas.


And then while that's going on, like Fox has to report some things like over here, a new independent analysis found that Donald Trump's plans would cause social security to run out in six years. You, you wouldn't get social security under Donald Trump based on Donald Trump's plans. Here play this clip. One policy contrast getting the spotlight tonight is how each candidate's plans would impact social security, which is set to be insolvent in nine years without any changes. The nonpartisan committee for a responsible federal budget says Trump's plans would accelerate that timeline to six years. And by the way, it took until 2:00 PM for Fox to mention John Kelly's interview with the New York Times warning that Donald Trump will be a dictator.


And only because Vice President Kamala Harris delivered remarks on a Play. the clip Vice President Kamala Harris weighing in following the series of interviews from former President Trump's longest serving chief of Staff General John Kelly. In those interviews, Kelly said Trump met the definition of a fascist and wanted generals like the ones who served under Hitler. Just so you can hear what John Kelly said himself, this is what Donald Trump's former chief of staff said. This guy worked for Donald Trump, former four Star General here, Play the clip. He would, he commented more than once that, you know, the Hitler did some good things too. And of course, if you know history again, I think he's lacking in that.


But if you know what his, you know, Hitler was all about, it'd be, you'd be pretty hard to make an argument that he did anything good. So what would you, what would you say when he said to you that Hitler did a lot of good things? Well, I'd tell him that I said, you know, very, if you, first of all, you should never say that, but if you knew what his Hitler was all about from the beginning to the end, everything he did was in support of his racist fascist life. You know, the, you know, philosophy. So that nothing he did, you could argue was good. It was certainly not done for the right reason.


And, but he would occasionally say that, What would he say when You would lay that out to him? He'd just, you know, that'd be the end of the conversation usually. Then Fox has to bring on Hulk Hogan and here's what Hulk Hogan has to say. And again, as decoding, Fox News says, it's almost as if Fox wants to repel women voters on purpose here, Play the clip. Well brother, at the end of the day know this is a chain of command, our Lord and Savior, the, the, the wife and the husband and the kids. At the end of the day, the mother is to nourish, but the man is to protect, serve, and provide. So at the end of the day, that's what this is all about, is being a real man, being a real American and getting this country and making it how, not how it used to be, but how it should be.


Brother Here, the pro democracy voice on Fox, Jessica tar Love speaks up here, play this clip. They're shattering the rules all around the way this government works. I mean, and, and I think Donald Trump to go, listen, let's get back to normalcy. Let's get back to normalcy Normal, respecting each other normal. See like how big Arnold Palmer was? Are you kidding me, Sean? Wait, listen, we're talking about how the No, no, no, you tell me if Joe Biden had stood, stood up and said, you know, I I saw Arnold Palmer in a shower once, and boy that guy's got it going on down there, what would you have said? Do you know what? That he wasn't fit to leave. That Doesn't affect the way the government works, the way the government functions. That you have an insane person as the head of the government. And when you say we shattered the norms, maybe the guy who got indicted is the one that shadowed shattered The norms.


Maybe it's a law fair that was used to indict him charges. Just Real quickly hear JD Vance gets interviewed on Fox about Donald Trump calling Americans the enemies from within Play, the clip Also throughout the past week, he keeps coming back. He is asked about these enemies within comment. And I, I've read all of it, I've listened to all of it. It's hard for me to know what he really means about it. But I that that's not my question. My question is, why is it necessary? Well Bill, first of all, Donald Trump is unfiltered. I think this is one of the reasons why the campaign has gone well is because he is not doing a basement campaign strategy. He's not just running on slogans.


When people ask him questions, he speaks from the heart. And sometimes that means he's gonna talk about issues that the mainstream media isn't focused on. But, and Here's the thing too. As much as Fox wants to try to hate on Vice President, Kamala Harris, look at Maria Barter Roma have to talk about the fact that the stock market's up Play the clip. And going into this week, we've got a market that is strong. Take a look. Since last year the down industrials are up 15% year to date in 2024 s and p is up 23% and the Nasdaq is up better than 23%. The Wall Street Journal. And here again is Maria Bar Roma with Chip Roy. And by the way, wasn't Fox endorsing before that Vice President or former Vice President Pence should not have certified the results of the election.


Now what Fox is saying is Vice President Kamala Harris may not certify the results of the election. She'll certify the results of the election. But Donald Trump quite literally told Pence, don't certify the results of the, of, of the election. I mean literally everything they say is the upside down world there. Here play this clip. So I I take the phone and put it down. The sad part is, I never picked it up. I forgot. They'll say he's cognitively imbalanced. He didn't pick up these people. Are they the worst? I think it's just important to show you just in the past 24 hours what Donald Trump was doing and what Vice President Kamala Harris was doing. Donald Trump on stage in Georgia saying how cognitively balanced he is.


Play this clip. I've gotta get your reaction to what one of your colleagues told us in the last hour. And that was Chip Roy. And we discussed the fact that as Vice President Kamala Harris is tasked with certifying the election. But what if she's the opponent of the winner? And what if she objects to the election? Here's Chip Roy in the last hour. Watch this. Reality is we have Democrats like Jamie Raskin who have already said they have no intention of trying to make sure that we're going to see President Trump. They have no intention of counting the electors. We have to have an overwhelming victory in the House and the Senate so that we can do the job of taking in the electors.


Wow, counting the electors. President Trump. We shouldn't have the Vice President Kamala Harris have some sort of unilateral authority to reject the electors. That's A good point because at the end of the day, isn't it the vice president that has to certify? Yep. Yep. Which is why I believe that we gotta stand up and take the electors. That's what we're gonna do. And on the other hand, you had Vice President Kamala Harris doing a CNN town hall, which Donald Trump was too scared to show up in 'cause he's a chicken and he is afraid of Vice President. Kamala Harris. And here's what she was asked. Play the clip Donald Trump at the lead you've Quoted General Mille calling Donald Trump, a, a fascist. You yourself have not used that word to describe him. Let me ask you tonight, do you think Donald Trump is a Fascist?


Yes, I do. Yes I do. And I, and I also believe that the people who know him best on this subject should be trusted. Again, look at their careers. These are not people with the exception I think of only Mike Pence. These were not politicians. These are career people who have served in, in, in, in the highest roles in national security who have served as generals in our military who are highly respected talking about the person who would be commander in chief, not to mention what we know and what they've told us about he talk how he talks about the military.


Well, there you have it folks. That's the anatomy of how Fox does it. by the way, you got to hear my little baby girl in the background for some of that just part of the show. Thanks for watching it subscribe. We're on our way to 4 million subscribers, thanks to your support. Have a good one. Real quick, metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.