
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler. The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my bets in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G PT. What do You know? All sorts Of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook gambling problem. Call one 800 gambler.


Do more with up to five times more power, more versatility and more features than any ordinary handheld trimmer. When you upgrade to a Dr. Trimmer mower from Dr. Power Equipment featuring all steel frames and adjustable handlebar oversized wheels and the strongest trimmer cord on the market. A Dr. Trimmer lets you easily mow everywhere a bladed mower can't. Visit dr power.com today and shop the sale. Do more with up to five times more power, more versatility and more features than any ordinary handheld trimmer. When you upgrade to a Dr. Trimmer mower from Dr. Power Equipment featuring all steel frames, an adjustable handlebar, oversized wheels, and the strongest trimmer cord on the market. A Dr. Trimmer lets you easily mow everywhere a bladed mower can't. Visit dr power.com today and shop the sale.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself in ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, mantis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis x.com.


Fox News was in full collapse mode last night when a federal court struck down Donald Trump's tariffs against the world. A three judge panel on the International Trade court in the United States, that Trump did not have the ability to issue those tariffs by invoking emergency power. So what were the Fox hosts doing while you had Laura Ingraham getting the news live on tv? She was questioning magar Republican Senator Kennedy Kennedy. He was not exactly prepared for this question. Watch what went down, Senator. Senator. We just got breaking news Senator. They're building ships. Yeah. Senator, I'm so sorry to interrupt. We just got other breaking news'.


The big news night, a federal court just blocked the majority of Trump's tariffs. The court of international trade saying he overstepped his authority on an international Emergency Economic Powers Act. This was, I believe the three judge panel. There was a Reagan appointee, a Trump appointee, and a Biden appointee on this particular panel. This was kind of widely predicted among those who studied trade closely. So those European tariffs blocked Senator y reaction. You mean that a federal judge has intervened with the other two branches ability to make policy?


I'm shocked that hasn't happened since yesterday, five minutes ago. It'll taken, it'll it'll be a, it'll be appealed. I I think it's pretty clear that the president has tariff authority. Congress gave it to him. Now you can, you can debate whether that was a, a prudent move or not, but I think it's pretty clear that he has tariff authority. So then Fox realized they had to kind of switch gears and let's go into some other questioning. You had magar Republican congress member Dan Mauser from Pennsylvania on, and you could even see Laura Ingram just losing her patience with all of her guests at this point.


You know, she knows what she's doing. She knows the con that she's perpetuating as state regime media. So here you, but this one was even too ridiculous for her. You have this MAGA republican congress member, Dan Mauser basically saying that Theon Steel deal acquiring US steel is not an acquisition he claims. He goes, it's like an investment just part of Donald Trump's agenda. It's not actually an acquisition. It is an acquisition. That's why Donald Trump promised that he was going to block it to protect US Steel and then went back on that here, play this clip Mellon University. Yeah, Congressman, I don't blame a risk for them to take it.


Yeah, you're doing what you should do for your district. I don't have any doubt about that. Well, but President Trump campaigned against a deal that would end up with ultimately 51% control of a, of a critical industry like steel in the hands of a foreign entity. Now you're saying we don't see the terms of the deal. I always want the lawyers, so I wanna see the deal. I dunno why they're hiding the terms of the deal. I haven't seen the deal have, have you actually seen the terms of the deal? No, I have seen where CFIUS is on it and how those national security concerns can be mitigated. And I also know that the president has reviewed it as has, I believe Scott Besant, Howard Lu Lutnick and others.


But it's still being structured, Laura. Well, So wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa. And it needs to Highly Satisfactory, right, Congressman? Yeah, but it's, I don't mean to be, I'm not trying to be difficult, but it's still being structured. So, but we have heard repeatedly that this is a partnership on the US Steel website. It says it's a good thing. Basically I'm paraphrasing that we are being acquired by Nip on. Are you saying tonight that they're not being acquired by NIP on? Because that's what it says on the US Steel website. I I I'm saying it's strictly an investment just like the other investments that the, the president's economy that he's creating are, are being made.


It will be American owned, it will be American run. The White House has investigative and o oversight authority And that is what we have that the, the deal that we have. So then for the rest of the evening, Fox had to be like, alright, let's just not talk about the fact that Donald Trump just got destroyed on his tariffs against the world until we really formulate what are our talking points going to be. So then you have like Jesse Waters lying and saying that the real reason why we are cutting snap benefits and why we're cutting food stamps and all this assistance is because all of the recipients are using it to buy designer bags.


No, they're not Jesse. And stop with this offensive BS propaganda man. Just stop it. Play this Clip. Beautiful Charlie Hurt. Before we get to legislation, I know I needed you to answer this question. Can you buy a designer bag with an EBT card? You know, it's remarkable. It's amazing the stuff that you can buy in America. It's a free country with an EBT card. You can buy whatever you want. And you know, it's so funny because if you actually cared about people who were relying on EBT cards and their children, you might limit what they could buy. I'm just thinking, you know, just spitball.


I'm sure the kids don't love the purse. I'm sure the kids might want something else besides the purse. Probably anything but the purse. How about The count? And then Jesse Waters has to go kind of extra deranged and weird. And then he starts talking about, you know, if you're rocking a spread collar, Trump is gonna take you to to Brooks Brothers. Yeah. 'cause that that's what the am most American people don't even know what the hell you're even talking about. Jesse Waters play this clip Once the shoot check's done up to the neck, Trump's got a thing for collars. If you're rocking a spread collar Trump's taking you to Brooks Brothers. I know from experience I was playing around last year and Trump hand delivered me a shirt with a traditional collar.


And since then my collars have been less British Folks. What I want you to understand is that these are the elitist, the Jesse Waters, the Laura Ingrams, the Sean Hannity running a total con on the American people. And one of the things we saw when Fox settled the defamation lawsuit against Dominion for close to $800 million, when we read the text messages of these Fox hosts, they hated their audience. They talked about how stupid their audience was And that they knew they just had to spread the lies in order to make money. We've seen the messages yet their audience like, okay, Laura Ingram, I guess it's okay.


Do you struggle with bloating and discomfort after your morning coffee? Well, after drinking everyday dose consistently, my bloating has reduced and my face it feels less puffy. Everyday dose is coffee plus benefits. It combines 100% Arabica coffee with powerful ingredients like lines made in Chaga collagen protein, Ando tropics to fuel your brain boost focus and give you clean sustained energy all day long. There's no crash and no jitters. Just clean sustained energy. The two products of theirs that you need to check out, like right this second are their Coffee Plus and their coffee plus Bold Coffee Plus is a mild roast. It's light and smooth. It's low acidity, which is easy on sensitive stomachs and it gives you this mellow sort of energy. It's awesome. Coffee Plus Bold, that's their rich blend of medium roast, 100% Arabica coffee, robust and full bodied, yet smooth. It gives you that extra boost of energy you're looking for. Both are 100% Arabica Coffee and they have functional benefits that are also mold free. Now, everyday Dose, they do third party testing. I love that. Get 45% off your first subscription order of 30 servings of Coffee Plus or Bold Plus. You'll also receive a starter kit with over $100 in free gifts, including a rechargeable frother and gunmetal serving spoon by going to everyday dose.com/ Midas Plus or entering Midas Plus at checkout. You'll get a free gifts throughout the year. That's everyday dose.com/ Midas Plus for 45% off your first order.


One Of the things they were talking about on Fox throughout the day as well was Melania Trump spokesperson shuts down completely false theory that Donald Trump is attacking Harvard because Trump couldn't get into Harvard. And that Barron applied to Harvard but couldn't get in. She shut it down. As our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski says sarcastically Melania denies the story that Trump is going after Harvard because he and Barron were rejected. They ran this, this is why I call 'em state regime media. 'cause they literally just launder the regime stuff. Like, what are you even talking about?


Barron did not apply to Harvard. First Lady Melania Trump quas the conspiracy theory about her son. I like that they say that that's the conspiracy theory and not all of the conspiracy theories that they launder in every day. That actually impacts the American people. Like now because of their deranged and unhinged conspiracy theories. You have the FDA preventing healthy people under the age of 65 from getting the COVID vaccine. You have all of their deranged election conspiracies, but I'm sure Fox is quashing the conspiracy that Baron applied to Harvard is so ridiculous. So then they bring on transportation secretary Sean Duffy, who got famous from being on the real world reality show and the Real World Road rules challenge.


And then you have Sean Duffy like whining and complaining about the things that are quite literally his job. You are the transportation secretary. If you don't like the way public transportation looks, fix it. The world class cities in the world have good public transportation systems, as Brandon Friedman says. That's why they're world class cities. But these MAGA are just a bunch of whis. Oh, the liberals talk about public transportation in the climate all of the time here play this clip question. Yes. And by the way, listen, if you're a liberal Larry, they want you to take public transportation.


I'm okay with public transportation. We have a whole department here for it. The problem is that is dirty. You have criminals, it's homeless shelters. It's insane asylums. And it's a, it's, it's a, it's a, it's a work ground for the, the, the criminal element of the city to prey upon the good people. Hmm. So if you want people to ride a subway, make it clean. Make it safe. It's very, very simple. But these liberals, I, I don't know Larry, maybe you figured 'em out. I don't get it. They don't think through this stuff and they come up with stupid policy. Well, They don't invite me to their dinner parties anymore in New York. I mean, so I just have to, you know, deal with that. They never invited me, Larry, Mr. Secretary, another point. And then like, just straight up authoritarianism, straight up central planning.


You have Linda McMahon. Linda McMahon, she reminds me. She's got that posture of Treasury Secretary Scott Besant. You know, these billionaires are close to billionaires. She's a billionaire, besant's worth almost a billion dollars. And they go, well, here's what we're going to do in the, the Trump administration. We are going this. So Scott Bessett, we are going to, and here Linda McMahon, we gonna, we will, the regime wants to make sure that the university, I'm not sure what that accent is that the universities are, are complying with what the regime wants. I mean, this is just straight up authoritarianism 1 0 1. It's not like close to it. You're talking about using the government to attack private universities.


Even we're attack public universities here, play this clip. True. And I couldn't agree with Tammy Bruce Moore, in that we do have a right to know who these students are. I mean, I'm clearly, this is in the hands of the State Department and Secretary of Homeland Security. This is not falling under DOE or Department of Education, you know, relative to these actions. But the president was really clear, who are these students that are coming into the country? Who are these teachers? As part of what we were asking at Harvard, what is their screening process? How do we know who are coming, what ideology the teachers may be teaching? Or do the students have any background of, you know, being involved in any kind of activity that could cause, you know, riots on campus. And I think we clearly have a right to know that that's that within the realm of expectation of students who are coming into our country.


Then bring in Kelly Loeffler, Kelly Lo Kelly Loeffler, who runs the Small Business administration. She's a billionaire. Bring in the billionaire who runs the small business administration that makes sense to you. And she talks about the WNBA continues to attack Kaitlyn Clark and even Kaitlyn Clark's. Like, can you stop like using the fact that I'm like white and I'm a white WNBA player to like push your agendas. Like even Caitlyn Clark's like, I just wanna play basketball guys. Like, like leave, leave me alone. But for Fox, they gotta push this play, this clip.


Well Will, I was a team owner for a decade and it's the WNBA continues to step on a rake when it comes to Caitlyn Clark, who is their billion dollar player. I mean, she's increased ratings beyond all expectations. It's incredible to see what she's done. But you know now to the point of they're not only going after Kaitlyn Clark, they're going after the fans of the team that she plays for in that investigation. And, you know, look, fans want sports to be about sports. They want sportsmanship. They want to see the thrill of victory, the agony of defeat. And this league continues to kneecap itself when it comes to really promoting what could be a great sport and reverting back to social justice issues that were proven to, to be a abject failure for the league in 2020 and continue to be.


And then I gotta give a hat tip to Jessica Tarlo, the pro-democracy voice on Vox, who just ripped these MAGA hosts to shreds. Watch what she had to say here, play this clip. There is an important distinction to be drawn between being accessible and being good, or delivering truth or actually saying what's going on in the, in the world. And now I'm all fuddled up in my head, but so You be told Bibi and Yahoo to cut it out tv. We don't call him Bibb. I always get that name wrong. Well, don't do's important there is Donald Trump does this thing. Not only like today, he says, you know, we got 5.1 trillion in the Middle East.


It was actually, it was 1.5 trillion like a week ago. But most importantly, he sits down for these interviews. And I think Biden should have been more accessible. Maybe we would've had a competitive primary if he had been more accessible. But he does these interviews and then he says, I don't know, or I'm not sure. Like Kristen, we asked him, do you need to uphold the constitution? I don't know. Ask a lawyer. Are you sending migrants to Libya? I don't know. Ask Homeland Security. You just announced a new nominee for Surgeon General who didn't, didn't graduate from med school. Why? Bobby likes her. I don't know her. You have the power to bring back a Braco Garcia. I don't make that decision. Lawyers do. You are arguing on behalf of him right now. No, I'm not. I'm saying that that is what the criticism is of him. He may be in front of you, but that doesn't mean that he's not spewing utter bs.


But you know what I, And he or she talks about why the budget bill is awful playing this clip. The Funny thing is, the reason why there's so much opposition to the bill is because it didn't go far enough. This is not about spending, I mean, you are, you are saying this bill is awful because they, they're gonna be cutting. We have to cut, we are heading toward a doom spot. We're in a doom spiral. But balloon's the deficit. That's I'm trillion. I'm saying that, but that's not why you're mad about it. You are mad that they might cut something or they might have, they might cut taxes and they might cut. Medicaid, I'm saying is you should be mad that they're not cutting more in terms of cutting Medicaid. Don't, let's, let's be honest about the Medicaid stuff. This is about able bodied young men and illegal immigrants.


So push that aside. Here she comes with the data about the polling about Trump. And I'm also committed to the truth, Jesse. Mm. And the truth is that the Democrats are very unpopular, but so is a lot of what Donald Trump is doing. So in a polling Marquette, Fox News, all the goodies, he is down 16 on the economy, down 14 on foreign policy, 26 on handling tariffs and 32 on cost of living. And this reconciliation bill that they're trying to pass through the Senate right now has opposition from more senators than they can handle. So you've got the Josh Hawley's of the world who's miraculously concerned about throwing people off Medicaid.


Rick Scott and Maria Bird Romo was raking him over the coals this morning about his views. Rand Paul, who has been talking about everything from how unconstitutional it is for Trump to be putting in these tariffs to how we're ballooning the deficit. Ron Johnson, Susan Collins, Jerry Moran, those are a lot of senators that you've gotta get on board. So if this is the big ticket item, right, this is the big Marques agenda piece that we're gonna give tax cuts to the wealthy and we're gonna take away food assistance and Medicaid. So we're hurting the poor to help the rich. That does not bode well for 2026 for the Republicans or for 2028 when we're gonna have a big, beautiful primary and we'll get a great candidate and everyone will forget about the hoity toity and we shall be victorious.


It's funny, Jessica, Incredible, incredible stuff right there by Jessica Tarlov. Oh, and then of course you have on Fox Business, the Magar Republican congressman saying, we just have to listen to what Putin says. The the real voice here has gotta be Putin here. Listen, Russians don't seem to to be taking President Trump very seriously. It's a, it's a sort of schizophrenic message coming out of them. I wouldn't take what Medvedev says very seriously though. If you read his Twitter feed, it's absolutely, I, I don't wanna say insane, but it's clearly absurd and not what you'd expect from a world leader. I, I think we really need to just listen to Trump, Putin, the Kremlin and RNSC folks.


That's, that's the folks we need to be listening to. But It also seems like President Trump is, he's about to wash his hands of this. He, he is going nowhere. He seems to be giving the problem to the Europeans. Well, he clearly wants the Europeans to step up. He's wanted that since his first term and, and so he's very consistent on that regard. But the sanctions are a legitimate threat. So ridiculous. Anyway, let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.