
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All Sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spent $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one Plus and Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carbon chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a price they have. My favorite brand. It's like a whole new Burlington dog. Ah, I give buy two. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals you'll love Burlington. I told you so.


The new KFC dunk it bucket with juicy original recipe tenders. New mashed potato poppers, crispy fries, plus three sauces that fit right on top of the lid. So you can dunk anywhere. You can dunk at the game dunk while security points to the no outside food sign and dunk as 20,000 people watch you and your dunk it bucket Get removed from the stadium dunk almost anywhere with the new $7 KFC. Dunk it bucket. Or get the double dunk it bucket for 25. Prices and participation vary while supplies last. Texas tips and fees extra.


Doesn't this say at all? This is what they were showing on State Regime Media on Laura Ingrahams Show. Stay calm. This isn't 1987, then it's a photo of the dear leader for state regime media, Donald Trump and then the Texas Saving Capitalism. You don't get more pathetic than that actually when it comes to state regime. Media known as Fox, you actually probably do get more pathetic. There really is no bottom. So what were they talking about all yesterday? As Trump once again continues to crash the markets, as Donald Trump says that he's now imposing this 104%, maybe more 117% when you actually adjusted tariff on China.


Just cripple everyone the entire global economy. Well, Fox was talking about, you guessed it, former President Biden and they brought on MAGA Republican congresswoman Anna Pauline, a Luna, who was like, we need to hold hearings about former President Biden's mental acuity because maybe all of his executive orders should be voided if he has dementia. Maybe maybe that here Play this clip. I don't know if you remember when I forced a vote on inherent contempt on Garland for denying Congress's subpoena on those her tapes. But let me tell you, Jesse, now is the time. I can tell you firsthand that when you saw what happened with this auto pen gate, remember your signature, even though you signed it, it's gonna be a little bit different.


But they found the exact same signature time and time again on many documents to include executive orders that Joe Biden was issuing. So if that's the case, if he was not competent, which I believe then that would make everything that he passed by EO invalid. I mean, have you seen or heard Donald Trump speak lately? By the way, when former President Biden was running things, America was expanding its alliances with nato. Two additional countries joined nato. Our economy was thriving. It was a Goldilocks economy. 16.2 million new jobs were created record growth for our GDP record, low unemployment, 40,000 infrastructure projects. I didn't have to keep checking the Dao, NASDAQ and SAP futures each night here is from State Regime media, Janine Pirro.


And she goes, dear leader should say, she goes, Donald Trump is not panicked and neither should we because this is the golden age. Everybody here watch this. So these tariffs are literally a transition to the golden age. The man is negotiating, offering concessions to some countries. And you know what? If you wanna retaliate, good luck to you because Donald Trump is not panicked and neither should we be because he's bringing us to the golden age Harold. And that's the end of it. Two more days of this, it won't be long for the Biden Day. Exactly Golden age. The golden age. Y'all are creating a great depression.


You are actually not bringing manufacturing jobs to the United, the United States. But you are manufacturing a great recession. I guess when you said manufacturing boom, you didn't mean it like former President Biden who actually brought a manufacturing boom. You meant manufacturing a great depression. I suppose that's what you meant here. Janine Pirro says, you know what, we gotta remember that actually everything is Biden's fault. And Millenniums, millenniums didn't care about their credit cards because they figured we could never afford, I don't even know what these people are talking about here, Play this clip. So you know what? And let's not be so quick to forget where we were with the Biden administration with interest rates were at 7% cost outpaced wages.


And, and the millenniums didn't care about their credit cards 'cause they figured we could never afford a house. So these tariffs are literally, As I told you, state regime media known as Fox. It's off the rails, it is off the rails, this coverage. Then you have Jesse Waters, I I gotta show you. I'll show you this. I'll show you just like a minute, a minute of this. This goes on for like three minutes. I'll just cut this out a minute or so where he is like, this is a brilliant plan. Let me spell it out for you. This is all part of Donald Trump's grand brilliant plan here. I'll just play it for a little bit. Play the Clip. And now you're seeing what Trump's trying to do. He is trying to destroy China because if you break the Chinese economy, you put America back on top.


The another Chinese thought they were gonna overtake us. It's not gonna happen. If this thing goes through, if you can cut off their exports, they're toast. You can't export all these cheap products here. You're definitely not gonna sell 'em into Europe. 'cause they don't have the consumer power. And so the Chinese economy, they can't consume their own stuff 'cause they don't have enough wealth and they don't have enough families to be honest with you. And so you're gonna have to lay people off and then the whole country's gonna disintegrate. So that's a good thing. And then you're breaking China off from Russia because this, this Chinese economy's feeding the Russians. And right now you drop oil to $60 a barrel. So it starves the Putin's war machine.


And then you separate those two countries. So look what we're doing also at the same time in the Middle East, you have the Syrians. Now they're on our side, they are proxies now ours. And then you have carriers surrounding the Iranians and we're saying, you better negotiate not nuke up or we'll bomb, bomb bomb. And if they can do a deal there, that's the second Russian proxy that falls and we'll get that Iranian oil back on the world market. And it keeps the price of oil going lower. We need cheap energy. And then the Europeans, they don't have another game they have to sell here. They can't sell it anywhere else. And what you're seeing is the EU trade blocks starting to break. Hungary is trying to do a bilateral deal that your English are gonna start trying to just negotiate directly with us.


And it splits Germany from France. And, and then you throw in the Greenland thing, of course. And then you throw in the NATO thing. 'cause right now, Pete, he has going, ah, we might bring some troops home. So they're really off kilter. We've now surrounded the Chinese. They thought the Chinese were gonna cut deals with the Japanese and the South Koreans didn't happen, thought it was gonna cut deals with the appearance didn't happen. And Trump sent Hegseth down to the Panama Canal. He's saying it's ours. And we're wrestling TikTok away from that country too. Everything is moving perfectly at the same time. Huh? What I just, this is how they turn the minds of their viewers into maga mush.


You know, the KGB or Soviets did studies on how you can create basically a climate of absolute kind of zombie. Like how you can zombify a population with injecting fear and, and these lies. And how you could basically try to convince them of everything. So my opinion, state regime, media known as Fox, you know, they would always say, you know, you know the migrants are coming to kill you. Invasion. Invasion. Everyone's gonna die. You're gonna, they, they would repeat that over and over and over again. And so they literally kind of freak their audience out into having maga mush brains where this is, they're now susceptible to this crap.


And I, 'cause I watch this. You watch this, you're like, what the what Ben, how, come on. How could this be? What, what are they talk? This is what they show every day.


This Episode of the Midas Touch Podcast is brought to you by Graza. And yes, it's my new favorite olive oil. It's fresh, never blended and comes from a single type of olive. The al straight out of high-end Spain. We're over half the world's olive oil is made. So what makes Graza so good? First, it's single origin, which means no mystery blends. Just pure flavorful oil you could actually trust. And the packaging game changer, squeeze and spray bottles. No drippy mess, no fussy tins. Just aim, squeeze. Done. They've got three types. Frizzle, the newest one for high heat frying and grilling sizzle. Your go-to everyday oil for sauteing or roasting and drizzle. A bold finishing oil you'll want to put on everything. Yes. Even ice cream. Don't knock it till you try it personally, I love using Graza. It's perfect for when I'm roasting veggies, super clean, super flavorful, and way easier than my old olive oil setup. I've also been making some amazing salad dressings with the drizzle oil. It's so good, so convenient. I don't think I could ever go back to anything else. So head to Graza dot co and use code Midas to get 10% off of trio, which includes sizzle, frizzle, and drizzle. And get to cook in your next chef quality meal. That's Graza dot co. And use Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S.


So of course, state regime media known as Fox, they didn't want to talk about the markets, the fact that we're heading into a great recession or potentially a recession. So Pam Bondi, the Attorney General of the United States, she's like basically a Fox host now. That's what she does. And so she goes on Fox again and she like does breaking news like, like as as though she's a new host. She's like, some I'm breaking news that I'm gonna be reporting everybody. Guess what we are doing? We're pulling all non-essential funding from the main Department of Correction facilities because we found there to be, she goes a, a giant six foot one, 240 pound guy in the women's prison.


And we have to protect women prisoners. So no more of that. I don't know what they're, look, what are they talking about? What we, why are you as the ag holding press conferences about, I mean saying breaking news here, Play this clip. Yeah. What's happening there is, is they're not abiding by what President Trump said. They're allowing men and women's sports. And, and in the case right now, what we did last night, some breaking news, we pulled all non-essential funding from the Department of Corrections in Maine because they were allowing a man in a woman's prison, a giant six foot one, two hundred and forty five pound guy who committed a double murder with a knife, stabbed his parents to death and the family dog.


And he identified as a woman. So they were letting him ha be housed in a female prison no longer. We will pull your funding. We will protect women in prison. We will protect women in sports. We will protect women throughout this country. No more of that. It's unbelievable that we're, we're still dealing with this issue. It, it seems like the American people have spoken on this issue, but the, the resistance campaign continues. You know, one of the interesting things that Fox then does is 'cause they know that Donald Trump just obsessively watches Fox. So they then try to like coach him and treat him like a little baby about what he should do. And they try to like coach him. So they, so like Sean Hannity last night, brought on these maga republican senators to try to coach Donald Trump.


So like MAGA Republican senator John Kennedy, he's not really a Kennedy. And he has a fake, he does a fake voice. Like if you go back and watch MAGA Republican Senator Kennedy from Louisiana's voice, like before he was a senator. He never liked talk like that. Like he just makes up a voice. 'cause they're all a bunch of weirdos. He's MAGA Republicans. But here he tries to give advice, Play this clip. Alright, Senator Kennedy, last word, quick. If Vietnam Mr. President offers you zero tariff barriers pounce on it like a ninja pounce on it like A ninja. Then he describes Donald Trump, like a pit bull catching the car here, Play this clip. Three of Those things with 51 votes.


And that's really all it is. I wanna say a word though about tariffs, because that's sort of the fourth leg of this stool. I, I Think most fair-minded people would agree with this. Other countries have used trade barriers to take advantage of the American people and American businesses. Number two, president Trump has said enough, we would not be in this situation today had he not been a pit bull. You know? And just as you hear these MAGA Republicans spend all day on Fox attacking former President Biden.


I mean, this is what Trump was talking about. He's like yesterday when Trump was at the National Republican Congressional Committee dinner and Trump was like, I just want everybody to kiss my ass. Just kiss my ass. Everybody here Play this clip and In the history of our country, and don't let some of these politicians go around saying, you know, 'cause I'm telling you, these countries are calling us up kissing my ass. They are, they are dying to make a deal. Please, please, sir, make a deal. I'll do anything. I'll do anything sir. And then I'll see some rebel Republican, you know, some guy that wants to grandstand say, I Think that Congress should take over negotiations. Let me tell you, you don't negotiate like I negotiate.


You know, and, and there is something to me also, you know, about the, the vulgarity of it all. I mean, we know Trump is a sexual predator, right? He's found liable for sexual assault. He's a felon. We know that about him. He's been found liable for fraud. We know that about him. He's a disgusting human being. Like there's no other way to say it, but there's a vulgarity. You know, it's like, yeah, it is just the worst, like the worst person for leadership positions. Anyway, then you have Anna Paulina Luna who goes and they kind of tell on themselves. They're like, this is what they're, again, this is what they're spending all night talking about on Fox, right? The futures are crashing 104% tariffs on China.


You've got Donald Trump attacking Europe. Donald Trump said yesterday he was gonna put tariffs on all pharmaceuticals, just like, just killing Americans by imposing tariffs on pharmaceuticals. So then they're talking about, let me tell you what's so much worse than January 6th, Biden's mental state Play. This clip Did Kaylee on last night. And she said, remember how the Democrats made so much, Hey, at January 6th, they had special commissions for two years and tried to keep the Republican party on defense and just hook up all this airtime. And this is nothing compared to January 6th. This is basically a fraud perpetrated on the entire country, on the world.


He might have not have even really been the president in the sense if he didn't really know what was going on and people could have been using and executing the powers of the presidency that were never even voted for office. You know, and I, I look, I'll, I'll give Brett bearer some credit for this interview right here. Brett Bearer interviewed Brooke Rollins, the agriculture secretary, and Brett Bearer asked a good question here. So one of the things that the data is shown, we reported about it on some of our other shows, the way the Trump regime's been trying to reduce the price of eggs. They're buying eggs from foreign countries who they're taring at high prices and then they're artificially suppressing the price of eggs.


So they can say, we brought down the price of eggs, but then because of the Trump tariffs, we now have to pay tariffs on the eggs that we're bringing in from other countries that we're paying more for than they're being sold for. And so all of these eggs are being sold at a massive loss and taxpayers are gonna be footing the bill for all, for all of this stuff. Let me just play this, this clip of brick rods and let's talk about it here. Play this clip, right? That damage, seeing what you're seeing now, do you think prices will go up? I know we talk a lot about egg prices and you've seen them go down the weekly average price just for white large shell eggs just went up 26 cents.


But you are importing a number of eggs to meet the shortage. Yeah. And there's like 328% for the month imported, almost 450% importing more than over a year ago. And obviously some of that from Turkey and Mexico is hit by a tariff now. Well, True. But what I'll say is this, we have been working on the egg issue obviously since we started a couple months ago. We released a big bold plan on a how to combat the avian flu B had to deregulate under biden's crazy over regulations out of here outta USDA that caused the prices to go up, even aside from the avian flu. We saw those prices significantly decline. But while that's happening, we also put forward massive repopulation.


So as those egg layers were wiped out repopulating more quickly. So we'll see the market react to that. Will those eggs be tariffed coming in from Turkey or South Korea? Wherever they are, yes they will. But the market in America is already adjusting. So I believe that you won't see a significant increase or maybe even an increase in the price of eggs in the coming weeks that we feel pretty confident in where that is. I mean, but just so you saw before, I mean, at least Brett Bayer asked that question, but you know, the markets are tanking, the futures are tanking, you know, situation here is, is is not good. And then Fox is saying Trump has a plan. This is a great thing. Here are just some other facts I wanna talk to you about. Number one, federal spending is not down at all.


Federal spending is higher. Despite all of Elon Musk's Doge wrecking ball to our economy spending is higher right now than it was under former President Biden. So federal spending's off the charts, Donald Trump wants a $1 trillion military budget, $1 trillion. He said Elon Musk just got awarded another $5.9 billion contract for SpaceX, the FAA awarded him a contract. Bezos got awarded a contract. This is the oligarch crap that we see in Russia. Crash the economy, make people poor, make people beg, make people and foreign countries dependent on Trump hoist up oligarchs.


Give them the kind of contracts you get a 5.9 billion contract, you get a 2.3 billion contract and don't care about the people suffering and then have regime media fill in the gaps. That's what we're seeing. I've outlined the playbook for. You can see it all come together right there. Thank you for watching. Hit subscribe. Go to store dot midas touch.com. Also, people are saying, where do you get the merch? Ben, where's the merch store? Midas touch.com. Check it out. Oh, and by the way, thank you to SnapStream for helping us get those clips. You can learn more about SnapStream. They, it's the software we use to get the clips in the comments. Thanks so much. Bye. New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more.


All at store. Dot midas touch.com.