
It's like clockwork with Fox after a bombshell indictment by the Department of Justice regarding Russian nationals, who used an American media company in Tennessee, tenant media to recruit right wing influencers to spread Russian propaganda. Fox kicks into high gear and immediately mocks the Department of Justice and then tries to say, oh, this is the Democrats weaponizing the DOJ again trying to make this Russia, Russia, Russia. Look, Russia is trying to interfere with our elections.


This is a detailed indictment about a Russian agent named Edward Gregorian. It has the emails to this American media company tenant. It has the details about these specific transactions. But why get lost in the weeds of facts when you are Fox a propaganda channel perpetuating the Russian disinformation. So. here is Jesse Waters, one of the top hosts on Fox further spreading the Russian propaganda and mocking our Department of Justice. Here, play this clip. If you're wondering what this Russia disinformation looks like, here it is.


If you see the following narratives on the internet, it could be Russian interference. Are you ready? Record inflation, unaffordable prices for food and essential goods. Risk of job losses for white Americans, privileges for people of color, threat of crime coming from people of color and immigrants overspending on foreign policy. The United States government wants us to believe that the Russians are using Republican talking points to interfere with the election. And here Jesse Waters is doing that. Again, play the clip. This show tonight has all the earmarks of Russian propaganda.


Now here is Laura Ingraham mocking it as well and saying, here we go again. Russia, Russia, Russia. And they have Vive Ramis Swami on as well. play this clip. I wanna move to another topic, which is that DOJ seems to be back to Russia, Russia, Russia, because they announced indictments against Russians for alleged election interference. So the media's favorite talking point they think is back. watch this. We're not saying explicitly that Russia is trying to help Republicans, but if you just read the context of it, it's extremely easy to figure out what we're talking about here and what the US government, the Justice Department is alleging that Russia was doing really to booster Donald Trump's efforts in in 2024, after doing that eight years ago in 2016.


Vivek, what's going on here? Are they laying the groundwork for more censorship? Well, the reality is, they already did this in 2016. So they have a historical practice when they, when they're afraid of Donald Trump coming back to office, they invent every figment of imagination of Russia or somebody else putting him there without actually paying attention to the threats coming from our own administrative state to free and fair elections in the United States. So when you see the suppression of information like the Hunter Biden laptop story on the eve of the last election, that was election interference, but it happened right here at home in the United States of America. It wasn't some foreign country doing it. And even as it relates to this whole discussion, Laura, it's a, it's an interesting moment for us in the West and in the United States when the greatest threats to the US aren't coming from Russia or anywhere else.


They're coming from right here at home. For our own government actors that are violating our own enshrined principles to achieve their own, I would say narrow-minded ends, especially on the left. That's where we are today. And I think that's a unique moment in American history where our greatest threats are actually resident right here within Then you have Jesse Waters pushing this weird talking point that Governor Walls isn't masculine enough and he sips drinks with straws that apparently makes him not masculine. I mean I what these people even talking about here play this clip. Women love masculinity and women do not love Tim Walls. So that should just tell you about how masculine Tim Walls is.


The other day you saw him with a vanilla ice cream shake, had a straw in it. Oh, again, that tells you everything. Judge Janine. Then Jesse Waters claims that vice President, Kamala Harris does not even understand the positions that she is taking and it's being fed to her because they realize on Fox, while Donald Trump is talking about Hannibal Lecter and getting electrocuted or eaten by sharks, vice President, Kamala Harris is actually in swing states talking about what she's gonna do to help small businesses. So when I show you this clip, focus on the Chiron and not Jesse Waters stupidity, or you can focus on both and contrast them.


play this clip, This position she's taking on regulation and tax cuts. She didn't create that. She doesn't even know what this stuff means. Do you think if you could ask Kamala Harris to explain what a small business startup tax deduction means, she could explain it. No. Kamala, what exactly are the regulations that you're gonna be cutting for small business? She can't answer Dana. She's the one that put the regulations on with Covid. I mean, if you install like a electric charge charging station, you have to hire a Pacific Islander under the Kamala Harris Joe Biden plan all Because what they are afraid about, what they don't want their viewers to know is the fact that like Goldman Sachs, yeah, Goldman Sachs, I guess to MAGA Republicans, Goldman Sachs, what are they?


Marxist or communist? Now Goldman Sachs says that there would be an economic boom under vice President Kamala Harris and essentially devastation under Donald Trump. Goldman Sachs predicted a way stronger GDP and job growth if vice President Kamala Harris wins instead of Donald Trump. Also vice President Kamala Harris rolled out her small business tax cut plan to actually help spur the economy with her bottom up, middle out economy economic vision. Kamala Harris proposed expanding the small business tax tax deduction to 50,000 from 5,000 in New Hampshire on Wednesday where she announced a first term goal of 25 million small business applications up from 19 million under President Biden.


Actual goals, actual data. Or on the other hand, you've got people on Fox just spewing utter nonsense like Laura Ingram saying that actually vice President Kamala Harris has an anti-free agenda. As I said, folks, it's all propaganda from Fox here play this clip. But now we see that their, you know, their view of freedom only extends to a limited number of activities. Like you have the freedom to abort your own offspring. You have the freedom con, consume as much porn as you want, do as many drugs as you want, maybe gamble your life savings away. You can do all that. But they do not believe in the freedom of voters who have questions that they want answered.


A question that I am frequently asked is, Ben, how do you stay so calm when you're doing your reporting with all that's going on in the world? And I say one of the tricks that I use is actually, I use an app that's called Calm and the app called Calm has these grounding exercises and expert talks and meditations that I listen to in the morning and sometimes before I go to sleep. And it's been really helpful for me come, it's the number one app for sleep and meditation, giving you the power to calm your mind and change your life. And it's really helped me. It's got meditations to work through anxiety and stress and boost your focus and build healthier habits and take better care of your physical wellbeing and look stress less, sleep more and live better with calm. Try it out. I think you'll really like it. For listeners of our show, calm is now offering an exclusive offer of 40% off a calm premium subscription@calm.com slash midas CA lm.com/midas. Go to cm.com/midas for 40% off unlimited access to comm's entire library. That's comm.com/midas.


And here's more from Jesse Waters trying to say, oh who, so it's what's such a big deal about what's going on here with Russia interfere? What? Just people giving a little bit of money. I'm glad they held a press conference here, play this clip. They Were being paid by this generous benefactor and it turns out actually it was RTT All So people here took money, they didn't know where the money was coming from and it didn't change the way they talked on the internet. No. Got it. That was worth the press conference. I'm really glad Garland came out and said something. Again, as I said at the outset, this is like clockwork and By the way when Russia was reached for comment about their influence operations in the United States.


This was from earlier in the day. You'll see this Fox report and you'll see Merrick Garland's reaction play this clip. We Reached out to RT for comment and the company responded in part with the following, Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I'm sure that was much funnier in the original Russian, but for us it's not funny. This is deadly serious and we are gonna treat it accordingly. Then you have Jessica Tarlov, who's really the only pro-democracy voice on Fox right now talking about that Goldman Sachs report that I just showed you. And as Mark Cuban said, that's real money right there. play this clip. Go ahead. Yeah, Totally The, we have excellent counters of all political persuasions, but we also do have non-partisan groups like the Penn Wharton group that put out their budget model and said that Donald Trump would take the deficit 5.8 trillion heat ad she'd only add 1.2 trillion.


You had Goldman Sachs that came out today and they said that the GDP will significantly decrease under Donald Trump. It'll continue to increase under Kamala Harris. Look at what Moody's has said, also nonpartisan talking about how if you're gonna round up a bunch of immigrants and you're gonna have tariffs, which he keeps saying isn't a tax on consumers, and that's what the national tax is that people are talking about. If you're going to implement tariffs, guess what's gonna happen? The economy is gonna suffer for it. That's not what Kamala Harris is proposing in the American. you don, I'm gonna steal, I'm gonna steal 30 seconds for Brian. So then at the evening they try to do extra propaganda for Donald Trump on Fox and they host him in a town hall where at least on the first part, the audience doesn't ask any questions.


And it was just Sean Hannity like giving the biggest layups to Donald Trump. And he still answered bizarrely like Trump thought he was still running against President Biden play this clip. I can't imagine New Hampshire voting for him, anybody in New Hampshire. 'cause they're watching right now. But anybody in New Hampshire that votes for Biden and, and Kamala, I really think I call her Then Donald Trump said that people have no choice but to vote for him. Here, play this clip. I'm Not gonna allow, you can't take the chance. You have no choice. You've gotta vote for me, you've gotta vote for me. You got even, even if you don't like me, you know?


Yeah, it's no, but even if you don't like me, you can sit there. Zach can't stand that guy, but there's no way I'm gonna vote for her. Now You and then Donald Trump whined and said, he's not weird and and his running mate, JD Vance is not weird. Here, play this clip. JD is not weird. He's a solid rock. I happen to be a very solid rock. We're not weird. We're other things perhaps, but we're not weird. But he is a weird guy. He walks onto stage and there's something wrong with that guy. And he called me weird. And then the fake news media picks it up. That was the word of the day. Weird, weird, weird. They're all going, but we're not weird guys.


And you wanna see more Fox propaganda here than Jesse Waters was like the debate was supposed to be tonight, but I guess she doesn't really work at McDonald's. She doesn't want to do a debate tonight. Again, they create this alternative reality that none of this is factual. They just lie over and over again. And I hope if you used to watch Fox, I hope when I lay it out like this, you see what they're doing. This is intentional, this is malicious, and they're trying to, and succeeding in dividing us against each other. Watch Jesse Waters here, play this clip. She's never even started a business. She just worked at McDonald's. Did she? That's right.


She never worked at McDonald's. There's no evidence. I'm just excited, Dana, for the debate tonight. It's gonna be exciting to see these two go at it. Oh, that's right. Kamala Chicken Doubt. The Fox News debate was supposed to be tonight, but we're gonna get to H Town Hall instead. And this is Jesse Waters who last night was complaining that vice President Kamala Harris doesn't sound Indian enough. He says, and He says that, why is she trying to talk black? And now she wants to sound like Fawn Willis. She should sound Indian. How, how disgusting is this? What, what, what is this? Even play, this clip. Kamala was raised by an Indian mother in Canada, but now she sounds like Fannie Willis.


You know, it was interesting when I read some of the, when I read the indictment by the Department of Justice and I was going through the allegations, what was interesting is that even the Russian influence operation thought that like some of the things that Tucker Carlson was doing would make it too obvious that Russia's fingerprints were on it. And it's like, yeah, we, maybe we can't do that. Or maybe it like that's how bad it got. And look, I did a whole hot take where I went through and read the indictment, read the indictment, so you can see specifically the agent, how they targeted this American media company and specifically what they're doing.


But now you have Fox trying to go, oh, I guess it's the DOJ weaponizing. Let me show you this actually, because what is the con? What are the Mago Republicans doing? Are they gonna be focused on this? No, they're gonna subpoena Governor Walls under some conspiracy that he's linked to the CCP. And here's my good friend of the Midas Touch Network Congress member Jared Moskowitz talking to CNN about, I play the clip. The system is set up not to find compromise, not to find these things. I mean, my colleagues across the aisle, we're going back to Washington next week, what are we doing? We're gonna subpoena Tim Walls in, in the education committee. We're sending the vice presidential candidate a subpoena.


And then in the very same day, my colleagues wanna talk to us about the weaponization of government. So we're not this the 118 Congress isn't serious about handling things of the American people, lowering costs, keeping people safe in their communities. It's gonna take a new Congress to try to lead on these issues and, and while we don't know the specifics here, right, we've, each case is slightly different, but there's a current, a similar current that runs through all of them and, and if we find out more details, similar to the Michigan case, this is a 14-year-old, obviously didn't buy that gun legally on their own. And so we'll have to find out what the parents knew or didn't know. Just like the shooter that almost killed former President Trump a couple weeks ago.


Yeah. Well there you have it folks. Hit subscribe. Wanna get to 4 million subscribers? Thanks for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.