
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free, or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes Without the ads.


As I watch state regime Media known as Fox, the following quote from 1984 comes to mind. War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength. If you watch Fox News, everything is exactly the opposite. Like Larry k Klaw, who used to work for the first Trump administration, was saying how everybody knows that tariffs are not inflationary and they won't lead to a recession as our country is heading into a recession, as inflation is increasing because tariffs are literally inflationary and recession and or great depression inducing here, play this clip.


I mean, Look, Sean, part of this business. You know, the stock market's selling off over tariffs. I, I think that's crazy. Tariffs are not inflationary. Tariffs are not gonna lead to recession. Trump's reciprocal terror policy is very good. And you saw the Canadian back off today promptly when Trump threatened him. Remember what I said when I started this video? War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength. Fox then interviews RFK Jr, an anti-vaxxer who's now leading health and human services. And here he not surprisingly, attacks vaccines with more weird conspiracies play.


This clip used To be when you and I were kids, everybody got measles. And measles gave you protect lifetime protection against measles infection. The vaccine does. Remember what I said at the beginning, Orwellian stuff right here as one of Donald Trump's top propagandist. His press secretary, Caroline Levitt, says something about how Canada was forced to back down to Donald Trump, when in fact Donald Trump backed down to Canada. This is how they're spinning things. Donald Trump to declares trade wars, what I consider frankly to be actual wars against Canada. Canada goes elbow up above the boards, stands up.


Trump then delays the tariffs. And now the Trump regime declares that as a victory on state regime media play this clip, we Are finally going to treat nations the way that they have treated the United States for far too long. And Canada saw, If you wanna step up into the big leagues with President Trump, you better be prepared to prepare, prepared to play. It looks like they are not. I can keep going with this theme as the state regime. Media known as Fox takes our constitution, rips it to shreds, and tries to hoist up this idiotic authoritarian regime. Here's Laura Ingraham on Fox saying, it's just absurd to think that our framers would believe the Constitution safeguards the rights of people who are in the United States.


Here play this clip. It's Simply absurd to believe that our framers wrote our constitution to safeguard the rights of non-citizens whose entire goal is to seize power in the United States in order to benefit our enemies. Then you have magar Republican senator John Kennedy, not really a Kennedy, but John Kennedy here. He says, If you ain't, by the way his, his accent is not a real accent, it's a fake accent that he's created to try to make himself like relatable to Southerners. And it's go back and watch videos of this guy. He didn't have this accent, but he goes, you know, if, if, If you are not happy, If you are not happy, you're, you're not a tree here.


Play this clip Says you can be deported If you support a terrorist organization. Here's the bottom line, Mr. Khalil hates America, as you said in your, in your monologue. You know, if if you're not happy where you are move, you're not a tree. Right? So, so then state regime media brings on Kevin O'Leary, who you know, purports to be a business person the way Trump purports to be a business person. I've looked at Kevin O'Leary's background to say his background is unimpressive would be an understatement. And so he's like the person who's like, ah, maybe Canada should be annexed by the United States.


And oddly he refers to the relationship between Canada and the United States. He's like, this is like a marriage and, and this marriage, you know, you're gonna get into fights in this marriage here, play this clip happening. Yeah, yeah. You just have To, it, it gets rocky. Everybody during the court ship phase, you know, marriages have tough patches. No, yes. I've never heard that. Yes, yes. We're not dating the US and Canada and the United States are married. A little tough patch in the marriage. It's gonna get worked out A little, little marriage counseling. Yeah, by O'Leary. Everybody loves each other. Everybody loves each. It's interesting you use the example of like a marriage or relationship because as I've said before, Donald Trump's treatment of Canada and frankly other people, other allies, for example, is the height of abusiveness.


Donald Trump picks on the people he's in relationships or the United States is in relationships and treats them the absolute worst and then treats the enemies the absolute best because that's the crew that Donald Trump actually wants to hang with because Trump's pathology is geared towards the access of evil and not our allies. So Donald Trump's behavior towards Canada is the height of abusiveness and gaslighting. And then it's like, oh, Canada's being mean to us. You're threatened annexation, you've made posts saying that you don't believe that there's really a border between the US and Canada. And Canada needs to be annexed.


And oh, Canada will become a great song of the United States. So utterly pathetic. Then here's Larry K law again, again lying here that there's all this fraud and social security. There's so much fraud here. Play this clip. But The fraud, like social security people are 150 years old getting social security checks, which is insane. Or That's one of the things that this regime has been saying over and over. 'cause they want to gut social security. So they've been saying that though, Elon thinks that there's about 600 billion to 800 billion in fraud in social security. Elon thinks so. Caroline Levitt was asked during the press conference she held yesterday, but those numbers aren't real.


To which Caroline Levitt responded. I never said they were real. I just said that's what Elon thinks. We're gonna have to find out if that's real, but that's what we're gonna use to basically fire everybody, which they're doing, who works at the Social Security Administration, shut down the buildings so that they cripple the Social Security Administration so people don't get their social security checks. That's what's going to happen and we should be absolutely pissed about it.


Alright, let's talk about spring cleaning, but not the boring kind. I'm talking about leveling up your kitchen game and finally tossing that scratched up sad excuse for a pan you've been clinging to since college. 'cause once I got my hands on Hexclad, I knew that there was no going back. You guys know I take my cooking seriously. This stuff is like if a cast iron skillet and a spaceship had a baby, you get the durability of stainless steel, the non-stick magic of modern cookware, and it just looks sexy. No more scraping burnt food like it's the nineties, just perfect Sears effortless cleanup and straight into the dishwasher. You cannot beat it. And let's not forget their Japanese Damascus steel knives. These things are works of art. 67 layers of razor sharp premium Japanese steel that make prep work effortless. You feel like a pro just holding one. Oh. And the best part, Hexclad comes with a lifetime warranty. That's right. Buy it once and you are set for a life. So stop paying delivery fees and start cooking like a pro for a limited time. Our listeners get 10% off with our exclusive link. Just head to Hexclad dot com slash midas. That's H-E-X-C-A d.com/midas. M-E-I-D-A-S. Let them know we sent you Bon Appetit. Let's eat with Hexclad revolutionary cookware yesterday.


If you haven't gotten the theme. Also, the Trump regime is having all of their cabinet people go on Fox to try to spin up is down, down is up. War is peace, freedom is slavery, you know, and all of those things. So here's Linda McMahon, Trump's new Secretary of Education in the cabinet. And here she talks about that she will totally shut down the Department of Education and they've now fired 50% of the staff. And then they're gonna get rid of everybody or play this clip first. Welcome to the show. 'cause you haven't been on in in studio with me before. Now is this the first step on the road to a total shutdown?


Yes, actually it is because that was the president's mandate. This directive to me clearly is to shut down the Department of Education, which we know we'll have to work with Congress, you know, to get that accomplished. But what we did today was to take the, the first step of, of eliminating what I think is, is bureaucratic bloat. And that's not to say that a lot of the folks, you know, it's a humanitarian thing to a lot of the folks that are there. You know, they're, they're out of a job. But we wanted to make sure that we kept all of the right people and the good people to make sure that the outward facing programs, the, the grants, the appropriations that come from Congress, all of that are being met and none of that's gonna fall through the cracks.


So it, And then Linda McMahon is asked by Laura Ingram, one of the chief propagandists for the Trump regime. There were reports today that the Department of Education buildings were shut down because of security concerns. They really weren't shut down for sec you know what the security concerns were, as Linda McMahon explains, they shut down the building so people could evacuate. So then they didn't let the people back in. What they were worried about is once they announced people were being fired, that the people wouldn't leave. So they created a phony security crisis, got people to leave the building, then lock down the building to not let in the people they fired so they couldn't get their belongings.


Yeah, the cruelty, cruelty play this clip. So reports today said that the buildings were gonna be closed for security reasons. What, what does that Mean? Well, when people left today, and they, they got their notification to take their laptops and their phones home with them. And we didn't want part of the people who were being permanently let go. And those who were remaining to all to some of 'em show up to work tomorrow morning. So that's standard corporate practice. So it's just standard corporate practice that we just, we just locked the doors and said, for those that are coming back will know that they'll be coming back on Thursday morning. Were People given a chance to take any personal effects Or they were told that they will be allowed to come back? We would arrange for them to come back and take their personal effects with them.


And to say goodbye to some folks too. Randy, why? Gotta give a shout out to our friend Jessica Tarlov on Fox. He or she calls out Janine Pirro, one of Trump's chief propagandists about the Canadian tariffs and how piros like this is great. And Jessica Tarlow's like, yeah, because you're rich, you're rich. This doesn't affect you, these tariffs. 'cause you have your mansion and your fancy cars and your, and your private getaways. While most Americans live paycheck to paycheck, and this stuff is crushing, Americans here play this clip And it's gonna preserve jobs. So stop with the tariffs. It's celebrities. It we need, needs to stop with the tariffs.


No, no, no, no. I'm glad he did what he did with Canada because they, because you have enough money to survive, survive it. No, that's not the point This is for. This is, look, it's gonna float all boats. Come on Jessica. Really? Then you had Brooke Rollins go on Fox and say, Hey, she's the agriculture secretary. She's the one who says that the way to deal with the surging egg prices is that we all need to buy a chicken and that's what we need to do. And here Brooke Rollins is like, look, yeah, it's gonna be bad. It's bumpy, it's gonna be bumpy. But we like bumpy, right? Bumpy economy. We like bumpy play the clip And his tools in that tool basket of how to truly bring our economy back after the malaise of the Biden years.


But it's gonna be a little bit bumpy. It will be imperfect. I mean, if it, if it was easy and you could do it overnight, then it would happen with the snap of a fingers. But that's not it. And I think what's really telling is the president is so focused on not the short term, which as we all know in politics, everyone's always worried about the short term. He truly wants to fix America. So that we have the American dream for everyone in a way that we lost in the last four years. And until Trump won, we'd lost for a long, long time. So this is really the reality where we are today. But I think Kevin's vision that it's gonna be a little bumpy for a few weeks, but once we move into second quarter, we'll see a turnaround through deregulation, through lower taxes, through less government, through a focus on private enterprise and free markets versus a focus on bigger, bigger, bigger government spending, which is what we had in the last administration.


Madam Secretary, great dis And then they have energy secretary Chris Wright on, do you see what I'm saying? They're having all the cabinet people go on to spread the propaganda. Then Chris Wright energy secretary goes on and he's like, Trump is so brilliant here, play this clip. Look, president Trump is a businessman. Thank God he became elected president. And what we're seeing right now is a master negotiator practicing his craft. He got elected to lower costs and grow opportunities for American Americans. And he is working feverishly seven days a week at that, bringing in other businessmen, having dialogue. Some of you, some of which you see in public, most of which are happening behind closed scenes.


But I could not be more optimistic. 50 days into this administration, we have seen simply tremendous achievements. And wait till you see what, wait till you see what happens in the next 50 days. And then they have Kevin Kramer, maga Republican senator. This is the guy who like vilified Hunter Biden and like mocked Hunter Biden for recovering from drug addiction. But like Kevin Kramer has like, like one son who was on meth and killed a cop while like driving or something like that. And then Kevin Kramer had another son who died of alcohol abuse. And Kevin Kramer, this is the MAGA Republican center who was mocking the recovery journey of Hunter Biden.


I mean, this guy to me is the most deplorable of them. Like, I mean, they're all pretty deplorable. But, but knowing this guy's past that I just shared with you, let me play this clip. But to the point about Elon, it's one more illustration of what a good guy he is. And people who don't like Elon have never met Elon Musk. I mean, he is truly one of the most gentle creatures and and sweet men really. That that he'd been around. Now he's exceptional in so many ways. It's hard, you know, not to see him as, as something different than the rest of us because he is different than the rest of us. Well he is a very, he's also a good Guy. He's a very brilliant, thoughtful man. And I think he is a compassionate man. I agree. And I'll say this again too. I mean, when these mago Republicans attacked people in recovery from addiction, I, the, you get the tr you get the trend, what they're doing, they pick on the weakest and the most vulnerable types of people.


People in recovery, veterans, seniors, rin marginalized communities. And they bully. And they bully. And you know, it's, it's so interesting 'cause there's so many people as the Midas touch, by the way, subscribe to the Midas Touch podcast on audio too, as people are like, oh, so you know, you're getting more, you know, downloads than Rogan. So you're like the left's Rogan, right? And I'm like, nah, let, let me be very clear. I know Rogan and those pod bros call themselves like, oh, we're alpha, we're masculine. As I always say, people who are like masculine and alpha first and foremost, don't go around saying, I'm alpha, I'm a masculine.


And I'll tell you how I was raised. The way I was raised is that actual people who are alpha or masculine, when they don't call themselves that. But two, you don't bully people. You don't punch down. You don't attack marginalized communities. You help uplift people. You use your position to be an ally and to be helpful and to show empathy. That's what strength is. And I'm sick and tired of a bullying culture and normalizing this hate and normalizing this Idiocracy and normalizing this incompetence. And normalizing war is peace. Freedom of slavery, ignorance is strength, and all that BS that I just showed you and fact checked for you.


Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100%. USA Union made.