
Remember Baghdad, Bob from the Iraq War, he was the spokesperson for Saddam Hussein. And when the war was going terrible for Saddam Hussein and things were just objectively terrible there, Baghdad, Bob would be on TV every day holding press conferences saying, Saddam Hussein has never been stronger. We've never been better off. And we looked at that as so pathetic, right? And we would make fun of it. There would be Saturday Night Live skits on it. We made jokes about that behavior. Well, that's what Fox has become. In fact, I think Baghdad, Bob would be jealous of the type of fawning that Donald Trump gets from these Fox hosts.


Objectively, Donald Trump has had some of the most atrocious appearances. Imagine, I don't care what political party you are from, Donald Trump's brain looks literally fried. He can't complete sentences. So instead he goes, I'm doing the weave. I go from this topic to that topic, I just weave. Then there was an event where he just stopped it 25 minutes in, in Oaks, Pennsylvania. And he was like, you know what? I hate taking questions. Let's just play music. And then for 39 minutes, he just bobbed his head as music was playing. And I know corporate media wants to say and watch this, and Fox is gonna act like this is the strongest stuff ever.


But how pathetic can you get? So just take a look right here. I'm gonna show you Laura Hamm's coverage. I'm gonna show you Sean Hannity's coverage. Then I'm gonna show you what the media should be covering and how it should be done. So here, Laura Ingram, you see the Chiron Trump takes Bloomberg Editor two School, as Aaron Ruper said, it's upside down world on Laura Ingram Show. So Donald Trump did this interview at the Chicago Economic Club. It was sponsored by Bloomberg. Donald Trump would be asked very basic questions, and then Donald Trump would attack the interviewer and then not complete coherent sentences, then would say, but I passed cognitive exams.


I passed cognitive exams. And then he would just be asked questions about Google and he would talk about voting in Virginia. He couldn't complete sentences like, let's just say it like it is. He couldn't say words and add up the words to have a sentence when you put the period at the end of it to making a sentence yet alone. Actually talk about policy or things. But here's Laura Ingraham saying, you know, look, not many people can do this. He goes, there no notes and lays out the intricacies of US trade policy. Watch this Now. How many politicians can step out on stage with no notes and lay out the intricacies of US trade policy, the Federal Reserve interest rates, et cetera, with a hostile reporter.


Now, I can count how many people can do that on like one hand and Right Baghdad, Bob would be jealous. Here's Sean Hannity that go and he goes, this is one of the all time greatest moments we've ever seen in presidential history right here. Look at what Sean Hannity says here. Play this clip. So in one of his greatest all time moments on the campaign trail, former President Donald Trump, absolutely schooled Bloomberg's editor in chief today, during a live appearance at the Economic Club of Chicago. Despite things getting well, a little heated at times, Trump frankly masterfully navigated the situation, laid out what was a clear vision for American prosperity.


Let's take a look. Laura in Grham was not done. She goes, this was the most beautiful thing I've ever watched here play this clip. He went through Mr. Bloomberg with the British accent, like a hot eye through butter. It was a beautiful thing to watch. Okay, so let's show just, I just wanna, I don't care what political party you're from, I just wanna be on the same page that this was not the most beautiful thing to watch, that this was not the greatest moment on a campaign trail. And this was not some command of intricacies of anything. So the reporter asked Donald Trump, should Google be broken up? And Donald Trump starts talking about getting rid of thousands of bad votes in Virginia.


Here play this clip. Should Google be breaking up? I I just haven't gotten over something the Justice Department did yesterday where Virginia cleaned up its voter rolls and got rid of thousands and thousands of bad votes, and the Justice Department sued them that they should be allowed to put those bad votes and illegal votes back in and let the people vote. So I haven't, I I haven't gotten, I haven't gotten over that. A lot of people have seen that. They can't even believe it. The question is about Google, president Trump. Donald Trump is then asked about his communications with Putin, and then Donald Trump says, it would be very smart for him to have secret communications with Vladimir Putin.


By the way, that's a violation of the law. And again, I don't care what political party you are from, we as Americans should be completely both angry, horrified, dismayed that someone's having secret communications with Putin, someone who also stole our nuclear secrets. Like again, what has, what has America become here? Play this from the interview To mention. No, but these are big things I have to mention that. Yeah, you just mentioned, you just mentioned Putin though. Yeah. And this has been this controversy of the past week. Can you say yes or no? whether you have talked to Vladimir Putin since you stopped being president?


Well, I Don't comment on that, but I will tell you that if I did, it's a smart thing. If I'm friendly with people, if I have a relationship with people, that's a good thing, not a bad thing in terms of a country, he's got 2000 nuclear weapons and so do we. China has a lot less, but they'll catch us within five years. That sounds very much like if I have a relationship that sounds very much like you. I don't talk about you did talk to him. I don't talk about, no, I don't talk about that. Don, Don talk about talking Toya, you talk about talking, but I can tell you what to these people, what Russia has ne And here you'll see Donald Trump talks about how he weaves where he just says a bunch of words and doesn't actually complete a sentence. Play this clip. I can ask about you now you gotta be able to finish a thought. Yeah.


'cause it's very important, you know, this is big stuff we're talking about. You can't go that quickly. You've gone from the dollar on macro. So let me just tell you. So I said no, I'm just telling you basic, it's called the weave. It's all these different things happen. Yeah. So let me just say, so I said to Mnuchin, And here he is bragging about passing cognitive exams, let's play It. No, that would bother me. But, you know, I took two cognitive tests and I I aced them both. I think that frankly, people regardless should take, if they're 50 or 40 or I think people should take cognitive tests, not because of the age, but because of something else. Now here's the problem.


They say it's unconstitutional. Okay? But I would love to see cognitive tests. I don't think she could pass a cognitive test. I mean, I, I've watched, I don't think she could pass a cognitive test. President Trump, you've why Gone over many issues on this. Covered a lot of asked Many. I asked you many questions about things. One, I one thing. So, so in all seriousness, again, this isn't a political thing. I'm just asking you from your own common sense. Does that look like someone who's commanded the intricacies of any? By the way, if you wanna go watch the full thing, go watch the full thing. In fact, it gets worse than what I just shared with you. And I have limited time in these videos, so I'm not gonna go over the whole thing. But it looks like someone with dementia, it looks like someone with Alzheimer's.


It looks like someone who would be in an assisted living facility, you know, ranting and raving and, and that needs, that needs actual care. Like that's what I'm observing.


Midas Touch is brought to you by bookshop.org. You may be watching or listening to our show right now, but are you reading enough? It's time to dive back into books and conquer that reading goal you set for yourself this year with bookshop.org. There are so many great books out right now that help you make sense of this moment. Or maybe you just wanna To, get away from the political noise and unwind with a good novel. bookshop.org has just the book you're looking for. bookshop.org is unapologetically ANAM Amazon. Why? Because when you purchase from bookshop.org, you're supporting local independent bookstores. So they'll be around for all of us to enjoy in the future. They're committed to helping independent bookstores not just survive, but thrive and continue to foster culture, curiosity, and a love of reading in your community. bookshop.org has raised over $30 million from local bookstores. You can even pick which bookstore you wanna support, whether it's your local bookstore or your hometown favorite. bookshop.org is truly for everyone who loves to read and knows the power of a good book. I just finished reading the attributes 25 Hidden Drivers of Optimal Performance by Rich Devinney. And I cannot recommend it enough. This is one of bookshop dot org's bestsellers. And after reading through it, I totally understand why start feeling good about where you buy books. Use code Midas To, get 10% off your next order@bookshop.org. That's code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S To. get 10% off@bookshop.org


here. Laura Ingraham then talks about what Donald Trump did the previous night in Oaks with this music playing. Here, let me show you this. Yeah, Ryan, this was something to behold. This is after the big buildup that Trump's unhinged. He played too much music at a rally. I mean, then he goes up there and he just stuns everybody in that place. Now, Okay, now let me show you from Oaks, Pennsylvania. I'm gonna, I'm gonna show you the, I'm gonna play devil's advocate and hear what Donald Trump, it's truly dead devil's advocate. I'm gonna give you the best part of Oaks, Pennsylvania, Donald Trump's town hall, where he actually engaged with a question. So he's asked here by an individual, what can you do to help small businesses?


And then Donald Trump's response is something about, you can't use hydrogen cars because you'll get blown up and no one will recognize you. Here play the clip. My question is, what, what's your plan to help bring common sense back and help small businesses? So Greg, the fact is that, you know, they want To get away from gas. And I have friends, they're into the cooking world. I'm not, I just like to eat, but they're into the cooking and I don't know how you feel. It sounds like you, they feel that you really, gas is much better than the electric for cooking, right? And they have this thing about, you know, they wanna put gas outta business, right?


No gas. You know, the amazing thing, we don't have electric in this country, but we have all the gas you can use. We have all the, we have oil and gas, that's what we have. And even the cars, if you look, they want to go with all electric cars. California's having blackouts every week, black brownouts, blackouts. And then they come up with rules and regulation to go to all electric, but they can't even supply what they have. It's so nuts. We're gonna get number one, your utility course. You heard me say it before. Your costs will be down and we're getting rid of all the elec. And if you want electric rate and if you want gas rate, the only thing you can't have is a hydrogen car. Right? You heard me say that, right? 'cause you know what happens? They have a new car, they say it's great, but it's got one problem.


You know what the problem is? Every once in a while, one will blow up and if it does blow up and you happen to be inside of it, you're in bad luck because you're not recognizable. Do you know that it's the new thing, hydrogen? I said, no, thank you. I don't want it. I don't want, they called the wife. That's not my husband. Oh, yes it is. It's no good. Then Donald Trump said, let's not do any more questions. I wanna play music, play this clip. Let's not do any more questions. Let's just listen to music. Let's make it into a music. Who the hell wants to hear questions? Right? That's isn't that beautiful though? It's, it's a beautiful, we played that in Butler, Pennsylvania.


We had a moment of silence and then we had the bells of Notre Dame go off. And then we had a great opera singer, Christopher, who was so incredible. And yeah, he was a great, great opera singer. And then when people are fainting, Donald Trump says, more people need to faint. So you can lose weight. Play the clip, help Us and we can spend a little more time. Yes, personally, I enjoy this. We lose weight, you know? No, you lose weight. We could do this. Lose four or five pounds. It's okay with me. Kamala Harris is A genius, but some people have been waiting here for two days for this. So, you know, it's a little bit, it's a little bit tough. It's a little bit tough. But they're gonna try and get those doors open. Yes. And I don't know who's building this is, but if they had air conditioning, do you see any air conditioning?


They probably can't afford it, sir. In this economy, I shouldn, That's right. They don't wanna give us air conditioning. It's too expensive. It costs too much. Anyway, but they're both okay. Yes, they're both, they're both in good shape And that's wonderful. Would anybody else like to faint? Please raise your hand. Let's do it now. Please raise your hand. You know, and here, Christie Nome, who's the governor of South Dakota, she says, you want to hear your favorite songs? Shall we keep playing your music? And again, this looks like, I mean, I'm being Sam, I'm trying to be, you know, careful talking about this. This looks like what I've observed at assisted living facilities where a caretaker will say, would you, would you like me to play your music?


You want me to play the song that you like? I mean, it's just like that. Here, play this clip. Anyway, go ahead, please. Yep. Well, sir, do you wanna play your song and then greet a few people? Or do you wanna, well, you had said you wanted to close with a specific song or, Okay, let's do a couple of Two more fast Questions. So Justin, how about a couple of really beauties and we'll sit down, relax. Let me just give you the bottom line though. So Fox is doing that. Then you have Greg Gutfeld on Fox saying that, you know, real men will not vote for Vice President Kamala Harris. If you're a real man, you, you have to vote for misogyny. You have to vote for attacking the L-G-B-T-Q community here at play this globe, Right?


And you're thinking to yourself, you know what, that's what men like, that's what men are. This thing, whatever they're doing, whether it is tampon, Tim or what the ads it's, that's not men real man. Real outreach. What you're doing is you're treating men, again, like a face, a faceless mass, a group that you can exploit just like the Dems do with blacks and women. And no real, i i this with an exception to you, Harold, although I don't really believe you're for, for what's her face, Kamala, I just can't believe it because no real man on earth has a problem defining a woman.


No real man on earth says you can have a penis and be female. There's no real man that believes you should be teaching like anal sex to kids. No real man. Think it's fair to put like muscular men up against females in sports or put male sex offenders in female prison prisoners just because they happen to grow their hair out. You know, you are not a man if you ascribe to any of that. And if you vote for Kamala, you are voting for that. That's why. No Harold, you are not voting for Kamala, right? I am gonna bet I wanna see you take a picture of the ballot because I don't believe you're gonna do it. I think you're gonna vote. Third party Greg Gutfeld.


Write it in In your face, in your face. I'm voting for Now, I wanna share this with you, Colin Allred, who destroyed Ted Cruz and the debate, I did a whole video on that. Here's Colin Allred though. And I asked him about, you know, Fox and these MAGA and Trump trying to talk about alpha, this alpha that now Colin Allred, democratic Congress member for Texas running for senate in Texas, star football player in Baylor University. He was a, he was a five time, he played five seasons in the NFL. And watch what he says to me about alpha play. This clip. Ted Cruz would not last a second in the locker room.


He would not last second in an NFL locker room or my college locker room because we could spot guys like him a mile away. We called 'em me guys. The me guys were the ones who were always looking out for themselves first, who didn't care about the team, who thought that they were just, that they, you know, they were hot stuff. And they were also the ones who we would always find a way to kind of get them, chew them up and spit them out because we couldn't have them on our teams. And when I was captain the football team at Baylor, and if I ever saw somebody like that, I'd go right at them. I'd go right at them until I broke down whatever was causing them to think they were so special. And make them To. get, get on board with the rest of us because we're trying to do something together that's not about you. And we all have to remember that we're, we're part of a cohesive community as John Lewis used to tell us, we might have come here on different ships, but we're all in the same boat now.


We're all Americans. And you, when you have leaders who think that they're more important in this entire project, a 250 year project that all of us, you know, over 300 million of us are a part of, then you have to make sure that they are no longer in positions of leadership. And so we got less than 40 days here and I want everyone to know that here in Texas, we can make sure we get rid of Tech Cruz. So get involved with us. Go to colin ra.com. If you're in Texas, make a plan to vote. Check your voter registration status, make sure you get out to vote. We can do this. And lemme kind of leave you with these two videos. The first I wanna show you is what Donald Trump did today as well. Donald Trump is announcing one of his new scams.


This is a crypto scam. He made a video of himself. He's now moved on from NFTs to crypto scams. Play this clip. Big news, the World Liberty Financial Token Sale is now live. Crypto is the future. Let's embrace this incredible technology and lead the world in digital economy. Go to world liberty financial.com. And here's what I wanna show you, what I think the news should be covering. And this is where we focus our editorial lens on at the Midas Touch Network. Now, federal retired judge, judge Luing, he's as conservative tra by traditional words, conservative as you get. When I was in law school, he was like the godfather of conservative judges, part of the Federalist Society.


I mean, you know, he was a, what conservative once was before it took this darker mutation term. And so I found all of this common ground with Judge Ludwig and Legal AF has Judge Ludd on now weekly. And Judge Ludwig, who's got all the experience in the world. You'll never really find a smarter jurist out there than Judge Luddy. There are so many Supreme Court justices who clerked for Luddy. A lot of the conservative movement judges started clerking with Lud. And so it's a smart guy. And what we try to do here on the Midas Touch Network is speak to people who have that level of intelligence to tell us the stake.


So watch this, please. These are intensely personal decisions and and you, you've heard me talk about them in the, in that way, but this, this decision on November 5th is, is not about politics, Michael, it's, it's, first, it's about country. It's a, it's about America. It's about the United States of America. But second Michael, it is about who we are individually and then who we are as a nation.


It's, it's intensely personal. And I don't believe that there, there, there's a very many Republican officials who are even who, who would dare think of it that way for fear that, that they would feel guilty for not making the right choice for their country. It's just much easier to gloss over it and give the back of the hand to the, to the fact that, you know, Kamala Harris is more liberal than they are and her policies will be more liberal.


And to forget, completely forget and ignore all that Donald Trump has done on and since January 6th, 2021, as if it never happened at all. Michael, that's what these Republicans are doing. And, and as you've heard me say, they're cowards. Whether they're political cowards, moral cowards, or both, they're cowards. And let me leave you with these stats. 'cause the White House account posted it.


Over the past four years, 16 million new jobs have been created. The lowest average unemployment rate of any administration in 50 years. Inflation is down, incomes are up nearly $4,000, 19 million new businesses created. The American economy remains strong under President Biden. Those are just objective facts. I want to live in an objective reality together with you, and we have to repel this propaganda. One way we're gonna do it is build up this YouTube channel together and call out the propaganda. That's why we expose it. Yeah, these videos sometimes take a little bit of time, To get through. But it's worth it 'cause this is the facts.


These are the facts, and we care about facts and data. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Have a wonderful day. Love this video. Make sure you stay up To date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.