
This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


It's turn time. And with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 plus in President select states opt-in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non withable profit Boost tokens. Restrictions apply including token expiration and max wager amount. C terms is sports book.fanduel.com. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER State regime.


Media known as Fox is growing more desperate by the minute. As Donald Trump crashes, the economy crashes the stock market. As Donald Trump's approval plummets Fox's crashing on air, they've got to distract their viewers from the reality that Donald Trump is destroying everything. So what does state regime media do? Well, they say, look, we're all going to go extinct like the dinosaurs. This is an extinction level event. If Americans don't start having more babies, have more babies, that's what they were talking about all day yesterday.


Play this clip. We're gonna Go extinct like the dinosaurs if we don't start making babies. And this guy's putting you, not me and you, not me and you. I'm saying we the royal we. I'm married. I'm sorry. Me Too. Look, That's well, in addition to saying that Americans need to have more babies, what they were also talking about on Jesse Waters and on other Fox programming is that they've discovered, they said a super serial secret video that they say shows the real killer of JFK, but they gotta find it. So they're gonna do a scavenger hunt. Everybody woo-hoo.


A scavenger hunt while they just deal with this ghoulish behavior and try to just spew a bunch of nonsense. Anna Paul Luna, the MAGA Republican from Florida is spending her time on this As the Magar Republicans, Trump and Elon Musk are going after our Social security, our Medicaid, dismantling unions, and engaging in a hostile takeover of our government. Play this clip. I Would like to actually tell the American people, it was made aware to me this evening that NBC actually has a video that's never been seen before. We're actually going to be set, sending a letter requesting that from NBC because it allegedly shows Oswald near the vehicle when the assassination took place, which means that he couldn't have been the shooter.


So again, we're tracking down all this information so Utterly, utterly pathetic. And as the world turns against the United States, and as Donald Trump's attempt to bully Canada and Mexico and Europe, and Australia with tariffs is backfiring in Donald Trump's face, as Canada said, we don't need you anymore, and we're gonna boycott you as Europe's creating its own defense initiative where they're gonna be building their own weapons and not participating with the United States. If they've rallied to Zelensky defense, America finds itself isolated, alone, and weaker than ever.


But state regime, media known as Fox, they've gotta spin this. They've gotta give some narrative to their peeps watching it. So what is Jesse Water said? He goes, no friends, we don't need friends. Friends are for losers here. Play this clip. And being friendly to the world is what got us in this mess. We're not in high school. We don't need friends. Every country puts their interest first. And when our interests align, we can do business. And when they don't, that's life. If we have to burn down a few bridges with Denmark to take Greenland, we're big boys. We dropped ABOs on Japan, and now they're our top ally in the Pacific. We may have to burn a bridge to build a big, beautiful new one to the next generation.


America's not handcuffed by history. Trump knows what We need. That's the demented message coming out from Fox. We don't need friends. We're going to go in extinct like the dinosaurs. And there's a super secret scavenger hunt needed for the real JF gay tape is what they're saying. This, while other countries are engaging in serious business, like in Canada, where their prime minister, Mark Carney says Goodbye United States. So I wanted to show you this right after showing you what Jesse Water said. Here's the Prime Minister of Canada. Mark Carney saying, our relationship with America's over done. That's special relationship.


See you later. This is exactly how you meet the moment. Play this clip. The old relationship we had with the United States based on deepening integration of our economies and tight security and military cooperations is over, but exactly the United States does. Next is unclear, but what is clear? What is clear is that we as Canadians have agency, we have power. We are masters in our own home who some met shinu. We can control our destiny.


We can give ourselves much more than any foreign government, including the United States can ever take away. We can deal with this crisis best by building our strength right here at home. It will take hard work. It will take steady and focused determination from governments, from businesses, from labor, from Canadians. We will need to dramatically reduce our reliance on the United States. We will need to pivot our trade relationships elsewhere, and we will need to do things previously thought impossible at speeds we haven't seen in generations.


I, I had to show you that after the ridiculous Clownish Buffoonery of Jesse Waters


anywhere worth going is worth going in good boots. Find your perfect pair with Kovas. Ever wondered if you can pull off boots with your personal style. Well, you owe it to your feet to pull on a pair of kovas. Being confident isn't about being different. It's about being yourself. Find comfort in the traditions of the west and confidence for making it your own. Honor the West by leaving your own boot print. Kovas craft's quality Western boots for everyone. From generational ranchers and lifelong cowboys to first time boot buyers. Every one of Kovas boots are handcrafted with over 200 meticulous steps for broken in comfort right out of the box. Whether it's a long day or a big night, your kovus are built to last and impress. There's no compromise between quality and style. Look, I can't even begin to tell you just how comfortable my tecovas are, and I'll admit it, I was a little skeptical at first, but these kovas are something special. Plus with Tecovas Best in the West guarantee, you get free returns and exchanges for 30 days. Right now. Get 10% off at tecovas.com/midas when you sign up for email and text. That's 10% off at TECO vs.com/midas tecovas.com/midas. Cite for details. Kovas, point your toes west.


Then Anna Paulina Luna, speaking of Clownish Buffoonery, by the way, no offense to, to clowns, which is a legitimate profession as opposed to whatever the hell MAGA Republicans are doing. Anna Paulina Luna then goes on Jesse Waters and she's like, from what I gather, the people in Greenland really want to be part of the United States. She goes, I think it's overwhelming here. Play this clip. If you're Not growing, you're dying. And that's why Greenland is necessary. Do you have colleagues in the house that are against taking Greenland? No, I don't think so. Well, actually I take that back.


I think that there's been some murmurs of people that think that it might just be messaging, but I would actually argue from a strategic standpoint, Jesse, that that would actually be a great location for us. Not to mention from what I gather, the people of Greenland are very much supportive of becoming potentially a US territory. And so I'm supportive of it. Supportive of it. Why would we not want to expand our message and really have people that are for the America first and pro-American ideology When we talked? Well, let me give you the facts. Anna Paulina Luna, if that's even really your name, she's one of these George Santos types that have like a bunch of names and like who even knows who she really is? She was like a, like a swimsuit model turned MAGA influencer.


And she would dress with like machine guns and bathing suits and that's how she rose through the MAGA ranks. Yet Idiocracy in real manifestations, Anna Pauline Luna, let me tell you the facts. It's like 90% of people in Greenland don't want anything to do with the United States. But what are numbers, what are percentages to MAGA here on Fox? You have one of their hosts, Sandra Smith tried to spin that. The fact that our, that the markets are down about 5.5%, she goes, that's not a crash, that's not a big number. And at least to the credit of one of the people on these shows, he is like, I think that is kind of a big number.


I, by the way, I think that is a big number. Play this clip, The stock market. To Steve's point, since election day is almost flat, it's only down 2% since, since he was elected president again and since inauguration day, it's down 5.5%. It's a lot. I mean, we're not talking about c that's a lot. 5.5 percent's a lot. Okay, alright. Well, when we're talking about the market meltdown, I think I'm not talking headlines out there. Not there's no, it's the last thing I want to market meltdown. I'm not the one who challenged all of Trump's tariffs. I was equal with Steve. We both didn't like him. Okay. Okay. And that, and that's still where you are. I think tariffs should be a blunt instrument that hits something like steel.


Something like tires, not across the board targeted and, and very target. So Just so you see where they're going with this, they're saying, oh, if, if your 4 0 1 ks decreased by five point a half percent or, or more, I think a lot of people's 4 0 1 Ks retirements have decreased by a lot more than that as well. But that's not a big deal really, because I seem to recall when former President Biden was in office and we would get like record breaking good numbers. Another jobs report out and the jobs exceeded expectations. Another day, the Dow Jones and the s and p and the Nasdaq close at record highs.


Remember when, remember when those would be the way Fox would sign off and then people like Larry Klaw or the Sandra Smit, they'd be like, but this did not meet the targets. This was still below what we expect. Dear leader Donald Trump will make it go much. Remember when they were trying to spin that crap on us, when things were going good? And now when things are decreasing, that's not that bad. That's where you're going with it. That's not that bad. I, I know it's nice for you as a Fox host living in your mansions and doing all the rich people things, but you know, you really are destroying people's lives. You may wanna actually speak to human beings. Maybe try that.


By the way, here was the moment that Fox signed off after the markets closed and here was the handoff to the Larry Kudlow show. Larry Kudlow runs one of the top Fox business shows. He used to work in the Trump administration and the first administration play this clip so Much. Woo. Folks, this is a tough way to end the week. If you're long the market, if you're long gold, you're happy. But Dow is losing about 7 24, the s and p down one 13, the Nasdaq down 4 84. That will do it for us. Hello folks, welcome to Kudlow. I'm Larry Kudlow. So markets crash over 700 points today after a bad inflation report, more tariff confusion.


Oh, and by the way, Republicans really gonna raise taxes that could have done it. Our own Sandra Smith, Taylor Riggs and Jerry will be right here on set to break it up. Going back to what Fox is messaging, they've had Elon Musk and given him this massive like full hour or two day interview with Brett Bear. And here Elon Musk is asked, what's the biggest thing that keeps you up at night? He like pauses for 20 seconds and then he says, the birth rate more babies are needed. Play this clip finally. What's the biggest thing for you that keeps you up at night?


Well, there's a lot of things I suppose that I worry about. But, and, and some of these things will seem esoteric to people. You know, the birth rate is very low in, in almost every country, and some, unless that changes civilization will disappear. Then bring in Alina Haba, who was Donald Trump's very special advisor who Donald Trump has now appointed as the interim United States attorney. The top federal prosecutor in New Jersey, even though she's like one of the worst lawyers ever, she'd like lost all of Trump's cases, was sanctioned over a million dollars.


She was, Donald Trump picked her to be the interim leader of the, of all federal prosecutors in Jersey. And here she goes. Look, the bottom line is that Trump's approval is at all time highs right now. Play this clip. Yeah, that's a hundred percent right. We have something called separation of powers for a reason. This is the executive branch. The president is working out of that to keep America safe. And I wanna really understand the rationale between trying to keep criminals in our great nation that came in illegally and then committed crimes. I'm not understanding what power he thinks he has and why that's in the best interest of this nation, but that's not his decision anyway. The decision is President Trump's, and we have to stop any kind of political enticed judges from making these decisions on the bench.


And he's right. These TROs have to stop. What they're trying to do is stop the President Trump's agenda because he is skyrocketing right now. He is truly has so much approval. If you look at it, it's over 80% of Americans want illegal immigrants out. President Trump's approval rating is at an all time high of anyone. He had an 80 million person mandate on November 5th, and he is keeping true to his promises. These judges have no business coming in and trying to stop the Trump administration from pursuing their agenda, which was the America first agenda to keep us safe. Illegals need to get out, criminals need to get out, and that is what he's going to continue to do. And it's unfortunate that they're wasting taxpayer dollars yet again, trying to hold him up in court. Hey Lena, it's literally at basically all time lows.


Like he couldn't be doing a worse job. He couldn't be more despised like, I think actually he could, he will be more despised than hated suit, but he's pretty freaking despised and hated right now when his approval's plummeting and you just go on state re regime media, right? Like pink dress lady from North Korea and you just spew this nonsense. Speaking of spewing nonsense, here you have MAGA Republican representative Wesley Hunt, again, pushing the lie that Greenland wants to be part of the USA play, this clip And a security deal, an investment deal, a trade deal. We already have military base up there. I mean, president Trump is highlighting something. It's very, very important. Is he not O Of course he is.


And the people of Greenland will get to decide, rather or not, they want to be a part of the us Lemme ask you a very simple question. Do you wanna be a part of the greatest country in the world or do you wanna be a part of the field leadership from Denmark? And quite frankly, it's quite, it's quite simple for me. I think it'll be questionable for them as well. But this is a strategic military piece of the world that we obviously need to need, need to pay closer attention to. This is about not relinquishing power to the Chinese and the Russians and our other adversaries. So again, that's a very strategic piece of land for the, for our country and the interest of America. This is actually part of a broader play for the president. I mean this, this, this is about making greening grid, again, making the Panama Canal grid. Again, this is about the Gulf of America. This is about making sure that the world knows that leadership is back.


We Then you've got MAGA Republican senator John Kennedy, not to be confused with what Anna Poll and Luna is doing. This is a guy who he like created this fake accent to this is go back and watch videos of this MAGA Republican senator from Louisiana. He never used talk, he never talked about. He like made that voice as part of his shtick because all these maga are seriously, he made up the voice. But anyway, here he is doing his fog, hog leghorn impression. And here he is saying, I've got a message from Musk. Maybe you do more press conferences, play this clip. I wanna make a gentle suggestion to, to Mr.


Musk and the president. Number one, I think part of the problem is that Mr. Musk has not talked enough other than on Twitter and his team have not talked enough Yeah. About what they've been doing and why they're doing it. They need to hold a press conference every two weeks for the press and the American people to explain, say, this is what we've done. This is what we found, this is how we did it. Number two. And then finally right here, I wanna share with you, this is what was going on in Fox Business, where they, they tried to build some conspiracy between NPR and Jeffrey Goldberg being invited by Pete Sef on the signal chat by Mike Walls, the National security advisor.


And, and somehow the NPR is involved in this play, this clip. What are the odds that Katherine Mayer, the leftist N-P-R-C-E-O is on the board of Signal as well? She is, she's a hard lefty too. When you see some of the comments that she made about how she's so tired and done with quote unquote late stage capitalism and President Trump is racist and America is addicted to white supremacy. This is the CEO ENPR. And then I oh, oh, I gotta show you this one. I gotta show you this one. Sorry, one more. Elon Musk, as part of that interview with Brett Bear, he does this thing where he goes, the administration, the regime is going to go after you if you spread lies about Tesla.


And he does watch what he does with his fingers. He makes like a gun motion play this clip. It's the people pushing the propaganda that, that, that caused that guy to do it. Those, those are the real villains here and we're gonna go after them. And the president's made it clear we're gonna go after them. The ones providing the money, the ones pushing the lies and propaganda, we're going after them. That was a gun motion, right? There should be noted as Fox News as well. Defense secretary, Pete Hegseth, who's facing scrutiny over his handling of details of the military strike.


In other words, giving classified information. He brought his wife a former Fox News producer to two meetings with foreign military counterparts where sensitive information was discussed. We're learning that as well. Stupid is as stupid does, dangerous as does dangerously stupid. The Trump regime with their propaganda state regime, media known as Fox. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection@store.midastouch.com all 100% USA Union made.