
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it, and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% Off terms apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck G. PT, What do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff, even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days at receipt. Restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER


State regime Media known as Fox is having a total meltdown. They have to try to cover up for Donald Trump's deranged behavior when Donald Trump is making posts that former President Biden was secretly executed in 2020 and a robot has now replaced former President Biden. What Fox has to do for its audience is say, oh, well I know Donald Trump's humor. And of course he's joking there, but he raises a very serious point about the auto pen and what was actually happening with former President Biden. I want you to watch how state regime media gets into work for the most deranged kind of coverup of Donald Trump's insanity.


Watch this. Oh, Apparently Donald Trump reposted somebody's post on true social claiming that Biden had been executed in 2020 and was replaced by a robotic clone. Clearly, president Trump did not believe that, but, but he put it out there. And here's what the New York Times wrote. Trump amplifies another outlandish conspiracy theory. Biden is a robotic clone. President Trump reposted another user's false claim that the former president had been executed in 2020 and replaced by a robotic clone. I mean, I know Trump's sense of humor. I'm sure he was just trolling him. What do you think? Well, I would hope so, but I think also it gets to the real heart of the scandal, which is who in the world was president for the past four years?


If it wasn't Joe Biden wasn it a clone, was it a cable of White House officials? So then the next thing they have to do on state regime media is inject a culture war issue. So they spend a great deal of their coverage attacking none other than Miss Rachel. And as somebody who has an eight month old girl, my eight month old girl, absolutely baby loves Miss Rachel. And so here on Fox, they're saying, how dare Miss Rachel make any statements about Gaza? She needs to just shut up and sing songs to kids. She has no right to speak out against babies and kids getting indiscriminately killed in Gaza.


How dare she? That's where Fox is going with this, which to me is absolutely despicable. Here, play this clip, Laura, why is everybody suddenly an activist? Now she's kitty care at the Foreign Relations Committee. No one wants to hear that from Miss Rachel. Mr. Rogers, in our day, he didn't start lecturing kids about Russia or Iran or the nuclear threat. That's not your job. And I I, I worry everybody feels they have to get on the activist bandwagon. Now, miss Rachel, you don't know anything about the Middle East, the Middle East, the Middle East. She that maybe we have to just kind of, you know, speak vernacular and she'll get, but one of the things Miss Rachel has said, as a human being, I can't sit by as I see babies and children and innocent people dying in mass amounts of people in gossip.


That's what she says. And she goes, why would I be attacked? I'm not going to be silenced for that. But this is all part of the Fox agenda to attack and silence influential people and mock them who don't conform to the state regime media's lines. So then you have Jesse Waters and, and, and it just gets weirder and more deranged. Jesse Waters talks about the Republican senate leader, Thune. I've seen him at the gym. He's a very muscular man, very strong, very masculine, unlike Chuck Schumer, who's a girl who's a woman. Watch what Jesse Water says here, play this clip.


Now, I was at a resort a little while back and I saw Senator Thune at the gym. The man is jacked and the guy is in great shape and he lifts hard. And you look at Schumer, he's built like a woman. Now, men do not wanna be led by the party of women. Men wanna be led by other men. So Democrats need to become men, and then they could persuade men, but they have to lift first. I'm serious. There's a, there's a quote by Maya Angelou. Oh, Thank you. Could you ask permission from Dana before you keep going? People will forget what you said. People will forget what you did. But people will never forget how you made them feel.


People don't like the way they feel around Democrats because Democrats don't like the way they feel. And if they lifted, they feel better. And then everybody around them would feel better. You had me A admire, hear what he said. Men don't want to be led by the party of of women. What again, how misogynistic can you get? Also, first off, nothing wrong to be led by women. I think we'd probably be better off as a nation if we were being led by women than Mr. Emotional himself, Donald Trump. Why? To go and play the victim. I'm playing the victim. So I think that we would be in a much better position if we had women running the country and running trade policy and running a lot of things is, is my view about it.


But that's what Jesse Waters is spending his time talking about. So then they bring on another guest who like literally uses his time on Fox to pitch an AI powered threat detection system for law enforcement to scan how radicalized people are. And it ranks people based on how radicalized they are. And he goes, Donald, if you're watching, you wanna buy my AI here, play this clip To what Ari said. The problem here is growing exponentially. Let me say this. I have just built Shawn the first AI powered threat detection system for law enforcement that scans the open web for radicalization and tactical planning.


And if somebody in the Trump administration is listening partner with me and let's scale this and get local law enforcement, the tools they need, my technology will prevent these threats from popping off. You have to get in front of these, the technologies here, the Israeli model meets Palantir quality engineering, and I've got it. And the White House needs to give me a buzz and let's get this thing scaled nationally. And it's called Gideon. As Michael McKean says, I guess he tried tar, he's tried Shark Tank already, I assume. But in all seriousness, we know that Donald Trump is entered into a big contract with a company called Palantir, an AI company whose big lead investor was Peter Thiel and the tech bros behind it.


And they are compiling a database using AI of all of our personal information. So the Trump regime is gathering a list in data that has all of our personal data in it, and they're hiring this company Palantir to help get them this, that, as I've always said too, you know, I always thought one of the things that Doge was focused on was getting our data for Elon Musk's ai and nothing to do with actually reducing the budget or reducing government spending in any way. I mean, federal spending's higher right now than it was, you know, than it was ever before. I wanna share this with you as well.


This was from the Fox Morning show where they were saying, you know, stop with this conspiracy theory that, that that Donald Trump and Barron didn't get into Harvard. Donald Trump's a true patriot by going after Harvard. This is about patriotism. Here, play this clip. Stop With this conspiracy theory. The president's not going after Harvard because Baron didn't get accepted. Didn't even apply. Turns out the president's going after Harvard because it's about patriotism. And if you are not gonna follow the law here in America, and you're gonna go out and vandalize and break into classrooms because you hate America, why are you here? President Trump is saying, you know, think about, think about the makeup of our country.


Most people can't get accepted to Harvard, right? It's, I mean, most people are not, not that bright to be able to do that. So it's the best of the best. So, and that's great, that's fine. Some of these institutions are helping with cancer research and getting the bottom of AI and technology and and enhancing all of our lives. However, the majority of people can't relate to the Harvard life. And so the most of the people who watch our show, who are watching the news, they can't relate to this. And they're saying, go Donald Trump because you're protecting America. We don't want terrorists here. We don't want people that are waving Hamas flags on Harvard's campus.


So my teeth are very important to me. Healthy mouth, healthy life, right? Well, if you're part of the 30% of Americans who grind their teeth, then your smile needs protection and there's no better solution than Remy's custom fit Night Guard. Both dentists and Teeth Grinders recommend Remy because the custom fit night guard is the best way to protect your teeth. And Remy is 80% less than the dentist and way easier. Here's how it works. You receive your impression kit straight to your door. Remy gives you step-by-step instructions to get your perfect impression. Remy ships you your custom fit Night guard made in the US and Las Vegas. Get your night guard back and start protecting your teeth. This process is easy and very streamlined. Their entire team is really invested in making sure that you get the best product possible. The best part is Remy is so confident you'll get a perfect fit that they offer a 45 night perfect fit guarantee or your money back. No waiting rooms, no overpriced bills. Just a better way to protect your teeth while you sleep. Try Remy risk-free at shop remi.com/midas and use code Midas to Get up to 50% off your night guard at checkout. That's 50% off at Shop Remi, REM i.com/midas with code Midas. Thank you Remi, for sponsoring this episode.


And again, notice how they try to divide our country. Most people who watch our show can't relate to the Harvard way of life. And again, it's just trying to divide the American people over and over again. I I, I do wanna turn to a second though to show you what they were playing on CNN last night, because even on, I'm just letting you know, I'm showing you state regime media with Fox, but then when I turned on to see what was going on with CNN when they were talking about Donald Trump's post about former President Biden being executed and is actually a robot, the way they frame this on CNN is that this is actually both sides. Both sides are to blame.


Both sides have conspiracy theories. It's like when Democrats say that there's a body double for Melania, it's just everybody left, right? Both sides. They all make this up. This was from CNN and you had Governor Sununu talking about this here play this clip. I mean, he used it to Forward, I don't know, I can't say whether he believed it or not. Russia gate, Honestly, I do you think the Democrats are conspiracy theorists nothing on Hunter Biden's lap laptop, Russia. Russia influenced the election. They were, but they were, I mean, come on. Both sides are, are, are definitely to blame. And when it comes to a robot, this would've been the worst functioning robot in history. If, if Joe Biden was a robot, I mean, it must have been made and, and built in China at, at a minimum.


Your Argument, your argument is, is definitely fair in the sense that Democrats do believe in conspiracy. Although I'm not sure the two examples are the best ones. The best one might be the fake Melania conspiracy, which Trump actually denounced in an a post on social media. He says that the, the conspiracy was that the, there were Photoshop pictures of Melania claiming that it wasn't really her at his side. So that, that is also similar to the robot, I suppose. You know, the most body double is the other one I've heard the Country's asking. And By the way, even Abby Philip, who I like was like, your argument is definitely fair in the sense that Democrats do believe in conspiracies talking about the president of the United States reposting that former President Biden got executed and is a robot.


Now, I I don't remember former President Biden making posts like that, or former President Obama. If you wanna find some random people out there, you know, who, who consider themselves left, who have said conspiracies. What I mean that, that's, that's your equivalent to what Donald Trump's been saying. I mean, it's absolutely, absolutely despicable right there. And it's always projection with these people and always convention. Here's James Comer saying, really, when it comes to the Democrats, there's no vision. They just want to obstruct. They just want to create fear in the voters, which quite literally is what the MAGA Republicans are doing.


Let's play this clip. That's all they've done. They don't have an ideology. Our, our good friend Stephen Miller said it well in, in an interview a couple of days ago. There is no ideology, there is no vision by the Democrat party. They just want to obstruct, they want to create fear in, in the voters that, that the Republicans are somehow threat to democracy. When all the evidence shows that everything they've done over the last four and a half years has been a threat to democracy. And one, one more thing, Maria, I said next week, this is Sunday. So we're talking about in a couple of days, in a matter of days, hours, we should be able to hopefully announce something about these five individuals coming in.


Well, We're gonna keep on it and I'm gonna come back to you in a couple of days if I don't see it. We're counting on you. We're counting on Ed Martin and we're counting on Pam Bonding. Thank you gentlemen. Which Is why it is such an honor that at the Midas Touch Network, we have people like Katie Fang after she leaves cable news work for us here at the Midas Touch Network. So here is Katie Fang and you could contrast what those other shows were doing with what Katie Fang was doing on our show last night. Play this clip. Here's the Other part of the truth social post he said, which was ridiculous. He said, quote radical left judges together with some very bad people are destroying America. Get the F outta here.


These radical left judges, these are judges that you had a hand in appointing Donald Trump or they were appointed under Republican administrations. So how very convenient that when you don't get your way suddenly these are all radical left judges. It's just intellectually lazy. He's just an intellectually lazy asshole and the fact that this is what he does. Yeah, listen, it's noteworthy. I mean, we're talking about it, right? But it's because it involves such an incredibly powerful and influential organization. But I would like to say this, I would like to say the following. I think it also goes to show though, in many ways that the influence and the power of the Federalist Society is going to be waiting now because if the message is being sent that a president doesn't need you anymore.


Yeah. Are they gonna dig in? Sure. They'll, but I think it also shows that it's a sign of the times. It's a sign of the times that the president is saying, I don't need you to be able to help me with judicial appointments. Now, is it a bad sign when he's just rewarding loyalists like Emil Bove? Sure. But I do think that we should look at it and consider the fact that this is a message that's being sent to the Federalist Society. Yo, peace out there is a big divide now between the Oval Office and you guys, and we don't need you. But then on the same token, along the same token, right, federal Society is telling Donald Trump, we don't need you either. So do you prefer that or how about Christie Nome right here saying, this is what Donald Trump campaigned for sending migrants without criminal records to concentration camps.


Play this clip Because, you know, you've got globalists out there who are saying, oh, you know, they're gonna arrest people who have jobs and they're, that's going to impact the jobs market. And then we're not gonna have the, the, the, the people to do the jobs we need. What do you wanna say to those people who are critical of the president's agenda when it comes to immigration? Yeah. The president said is doing exactly what he campaigned on and what the American people elected him to do. And that's enforced the law. And so we are going to do mass deportations. We are focusing on dangerous criminals. We are going out there and ensuring the people that repeatedly break our laws are being held accountable. Tell Me what you think.


I'm Ben Marcello from the Midas Judge Miller, or hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad-free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.