
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season, and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear, $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. Oh, What advice? They have my favorite brand, like a, I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great bridge? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


State regime, media known as Fox's, really struggling as Donald Trump torpedoes our economy. You know, they're doing their best as state regime media trying to pump up Trump's lies, but it's just belied by the data. There's really nothing they can do. I mean, Fox is trapped right now. You know, they previously brought on Trump's top economic advisor, Kevin Hassett, who said, things are great. There's 100% guarantee. He says, no recession. But we'll show you what they're now saying. But here's Kevin Hassett. Let's play it real Quick. Are you expecting A recession this year? A hundred percent. Not a hundred percent not. If you look at the jobs numbers, they're very, very strong.


What I talk anecdotally to CEOs, I say things like, well, geez, is the uncertainty over tariffs looking like it's gonna be a big drag? And they're saying, they're saying things like, no, in terms of production, we're getting as much onshore as we can. And in terms of sales of Ford Goods, people are buying as many as they can 'cause they're worried about future tariffs. So everything's through the roof. Well now even the guests on Fox are saying, look, there's a reason why Donald Trump is being viewed by the American people as being the worst on economy, the economy ever Here Play this clip, I will say, is she's talking about healthcare, she's talking about Medicaid, she's talking about social security, whether we think this is resonating or not.


Currently, president Trump is 10 points underwater in the economy, and she's out talking about it. Like I said, not where I stand. Yeah. But I think she's resonating more Than, than we're giving a credit for Julian. Very quick. You know, so they try to pivot and they try to act like Donald Trump sending migrants to El Salvador as this incredibly courageous thing. And they just, they spread all of these lies. It's, it's so bizarre. I mean, take a look here. One of the Fox hosts is saying, so why are we having United States senators, you know, promote terrorists? Shouldn't he be fighting for his own constituents here, watch this. Especially as someone who believes in enforcing laws. Since when do we have elected officials like senators that are promoting and, and helping this individual to be in our country and wanting to bring him back?


I wish that he would fight that hard for his own constituents. I mean, I just, it, it, it is shocking that when the, it shouldn't be shock. Nothing shocks me with the, with Fox. But when the Supreme Court rules nine to zero, facilitate the return of Abrego Garcia, when the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals being led by a right wing Reagan appointed judge, judge Wilkinson makes it very clear that, I mean, this is a threat in all American citizens. And Fox is doing this. I mean, Kim Jong-un would be like, wow, here's that same Fox host saying, look, if I look at b Kelly, the, the leader of El Salvador, and he goes, Belli seems to be more patriotic than the Democrats.


And again, you have Fox promoting the authoritarian leader of El Salvador. Watch this. It's night and day. You'd think that you're in two different countries. I mean, I look at President Bule and he is not even American, and he seems to be our bigger proponent than, you know, the senator. And he's saying, look, we're not, we're not sending him back to the United States. El Salvador's like Uhuh. We're not going to do that. And Attorney General, Pam Bondy's, like, look, if he's not sending him back, this is really a moot point. We don't need to worry. But it is that very stark contrast, and I find it very, very troubling, especially as someone who believes in enforcing laws. You know, it's interesting to see Maria barter Roma, who works so hard to help with the propaganda for the Trump regime, but even when she brings on these MAGA Republicans like Beth Van Dunn, it's like, come on Here, Play this clip.


And that's, that's the stake that they're willing to die on if that's the hill they wanna go on, God bless him. So, I mean, look, it was a mistake. The administration said it was a mistake. Yeah, It, it, it, it might have been a mistake, but they're picking the one straw out of an entire barn full. And what we need to focus on is the 20 million that we're allowed to enter here, people on the terrorist watch list, people from drug cartels. Yeah. And that's what this administration, you can pull one example out, but if that is literally the person that they're gonna, that they're gonna hail as, as their, you know, savior for this, I think it's a mistake. Yeah, it's incredible actually, Congresswoman, you've got a new bill, which You could tell there that even Maria Bar Roma, a major propagandist is like what?


Who She knows these people are idiots. Barter Roma knows the Fox business anchor Cheryl Casone then suggests, brings on this MAGA Republican congress member. This is the guy who took Congress Member Moore, who took the photo with his thumbs up in front of the concentration cells in El Salvador. Just they, they, they suggest there's some big conspiracy theory behind Senator Van Holland's meeting with Garcia Play this Clip. I want to call for Senator Chris Van Holland to meet with the family of Rachel Morin, the Mur, the murdered woman in Maryland, the mother of five children. He has not met with her at all, but he's meeting with an MS 13 gang member down in El Salvador.


I'm calling for Senator Chris Van Holland to meet with Rachel Morin's family and give them at least the same amount of time that he is giving to an MS 13 gang member. Patty Morin, Rachel Morin's mother is gonna be joining our program later on this morning. I just wanna let our viewers know and we're gonna get her reaction to these pictures as well. It looks like they're sitting outside and he's got civilian clothing on and it appears to be a restaurant. So we're, we're trying to understand, was this staged exactly what was the point? Did Van Holland somehow stage the way that this appeared to be? The civilian clothing, I think is the biggest question mark. So we'll get to the bottom of that one. So then Fox brings on the State Department spokesperson, Tammy Bruce.


And again, as Michael Cohen, not Trump's, Michael Cohen says, even Kim Jong-un thinks this is a bit much Here, Play this clip. President Trump is, as we know, the best deal maker in the world. Everything he does is with a goal in mind. He is also a very pragmatic man, because that's the only way you get deals done. He is focused on one thing and one thing only making America safe and strong and prosperous. And so every action he takes will lead us into that direction and moves us forward. So the fact is, China is engaging. China did effectively, they're not being silent. They've had their own approach, but the president's making it clear that he is going to and has from the start with the tariffs issue, that this was a negotiation framework.


And our, even the playing field with tariffs has brought virtually everyone to the table as we know. And in this case, of course, it appears including China. So President Trump will make decisions that are best for this country. We've seen that. And whether it's it is tariffs or In fact the situation with Ukraine where he remains committed to ending the carnage,


I wanna tell You about our next sponsor. Stop box. I am a responsible gun owner and I use Stop Box to make sure that my firearm is secure. I have a five month old baby girl, seems that she's getting older each day. I have a number of nieces and nephews in my house, and it is critical that I have the peace of mind that my firearm is safe, secure out of their reach And that that can never be accessed while making sure that I can protect my family. And one of the things that I like about Stop Box Pro is it is 100% mechanical. So you never have to worry about it not working when you need it the most. And I was surprised about how durable and well made it is. And also it not relying on a battery also gives me more peace of mind. You know, all stop box products are proudly made in the USA in their own facility. Not only does this ensure the high quality craftsmanship of every product sent out, but it does also create meaningful jobs here. And you know, at the Midas Touch Network, all of our products, all of our merch are made in America as well. So it's great to be supportive of an American business like Stop Box. So for a limited time only our listeners gonna get a crazy deal here. Not only do you get 10% off your entire order when you use the code Midas ten@stopboxusa.com, they're also gonna give you a buy one get one free for their Stop Box Pro. So that's 10% off and a free Stop Box Pro when you use the code. Midas 10, just spell it right? M-E-I-D-A-S one zero Midas 10. So you go to stop box usa.com, use that code Midas 10, discover a better way to balance security and readiness with stop box.


And then speaking of Kim Jong-un, thinking it's a bitch bit much. Here's what Jesse Water says, Play this clip. Where were you when my contract was up? I was trying to get you fired. Oh, I spread that rumor about you going to Newsmax. Not completely untrue. Yes, you always have to have a backup plan, Greg. Yes, Trump, if this is pulled off, could go down in the history as the guy who broke China. Now the question is, what kind of collateral damage is that gonna cause? Are we gonna be able to re industrialize at the same time as we collapse the Chinese system? I don't know. He's gotta stick the landing perfectly.


We have to get deals with Mexico and Canada. That is the most important. And I'm sure we'll get a deal with the Europeans. And then Jesse Waters disgustingly compares Abrego Garcia to George Floyd. I mean, just horrific stuff that they're saying Here, Play this clip. If you are gonna talk about the rule of law and due process, you have to have a victim that is pure. You can't have a Floyd, you can't have a Smollett, you can't have a Garcia. Your example, A victimhood has to be a sympathetic victim, not someone who beats his wife and traffics humans. And, But Jesse Waters wants to make it very clear that he's not looking in his investment account.


He goes, things are great. I'm, I haven't looked at my bank account or my investment account Here, Play this clip. The Europeans need our energy. We need to sell them cars. We're gonna have them drop their tariffs. But mostly we need them for basing. They're basically one big beautiful military base and we get it cheap, especially Italy. You project power throughout the Mediterranean, the mid east, north Africa. You need it in Poland, you need it in Great Britain. And we love those Nordics. Yes we do. We love those Nordics, especially as global warming picks up. And we're gonna play some games in the Arctic. I see this going well, and again, I have not looked at my investment account. Good for you, Jesse.


That's probably a smart move for your mental health. You know? Okay, Jesse, just because you haven't looked doesn't mean the rest of us decide to cover our eyes and close our ears. The American people are hurting Jesse. They don't have $20 million a year contracts like you do. Most Americans live paycheck to paycheck. And Donald Trump defrauded the American people. Not like because he's a fraud. He's a sexual predator, he's a criminal, he's a felon. Donald Trump said that he was gonna lower prices. Donald Trump said that everything would be great on day one. Housing would be more affordable. Mortgage rates are like at 7% right now. Housing is less affordable. There's nothing about no tax on tips, no tax on social security, no tax on overtime.


The price of eggs is much higher. Groceries are much higher. Trump can lie and say that that's not the case. But things are less affordable and the economy's tanking right now. Oh, then Fox brings on RFK Jr. RFK Jr. He's been saying the most har, he always has. But again, the most au the most horrific things about people with autism. And here also RFK says that adults don't have autism again. He just spreads lies. He spreads medical lies and dangerous disinformation. This guy's leading the health department Play this clip. And anybody with common sense, Sean would notice that because the autism, this epidemic is only happening in our children.


It's not happening in people our age. Lemme ask this, if it was better recognition, you'd see it in 70-year-old men. And I'll say this, I wanna be very careful when I say it because I've never seen a person with Fullblown autism. I've seen many people with aspers and you know, on the spectrum who are my age. I've never seen anybody with fullblown autism. That means nonverbal, non toilet trained, is that you don't see these people walking around a mall 'cause they don't exist in our age and or they're very, very rare. They do exist, but they're rare. So rare that I've never seen one, and I've been around intellectual disabilities my entire life. Then Fox brings on the guy leading the transportation department who got famous off of the real World Road rules challenge.


Sean Duffy hears what he says, Or we wants safety up in New York where Kathy Holle wants to prioritize the homeless or the mentally ill over the riding public of New Yorkers. Donald Trump says, no, we're gonna actually prioritize safety, whether it's at the border on subways, but across the country. And I think that's important. Again, we don't care about the green, we don't care about the social justice. We care about the projects and the safety of the American people. You're Just doing just stupid stuff. We don't care about green. We don't care, dude, shut up. Right? With these people. And here's State Department spokesperson, Tammy Bruce. Here's what she has to say about nato, basically throwing Europe under the bus. Well Also too, Tammy, you know, I wanted to get your take on NATO in general, and you mentioned this is do you feel confident that NATO is gonna follow through and increase their defense spending, increase their contributions financially to NATO so that the United States doesn't continue to have to deal with an overarching burden financially for nato?


I mean, you know, president Trump has been very clear that that, that, you know, this is their continent and they need to be more responsible in protecting their territory. Yes, I mean, these are clearly stalwart allies. All of us love every place on the earth. At the same time the United States is dealing with global issues. Our European partners are dealing with their, their, their neighborhood issues in this way. But this is one of the great things about the position that I, that I have as a spokesperson for the State Department as I get to travel with the secretary. And I was in those meetings and listen to those leaders, our allies at NATO during that trip. And they do understand this and they understand that our commitment to NATO is complete, but our commitment is in.


And the nature of wanting the, the NATO to be successful requires these nations to In fact increase the burden. Sharing their budgets. They understand that because look, NATO was, is, was and is meant to be a deterrent, not a helper with wars or negotiator with wars or helping to facilitate. They are meant to stop them from starting. And the only way you can do that is to be a deterrent. So that in a nutshell is what's going on on going on in Fox right now. It's a, a mess, a utter mess in state regime media. Anyway, we'll keep you posted every step of the way and subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. You by It's mer drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more all at store.


Do Midas Touch dot com.