
10 years from today, Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses Lisa's taking now with AARP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does, and she can finally run with the big dogs. And the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are the more you need AARP. Learn more at aarp dot org slash skills.


If you've had that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babbel is the Science Act Language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock during tax season. Your personal info travels to a lot of places between payroll, your tax consultant, and the IRS. If your W2 gets exposed, that's just the ticket for identity thieves. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it Guaranteed or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply


Super Bowl 59 1 game two teams endless possibilities. And there's no better way to make every play more exciting than with FanDuel Sportsbook. Whether you're predicting the first touchdown, who will take home the MVP trophy or the coin toss. FanDuel makes it easy to place your bets and feel the thrill of every moment. With live betting all game long, you can jump into the action, adjust your bets, and ride the wave of excitement from kickoff to the final whistle. Plus, to make the Super Bowl even sweeter, new customers can score 200 bucks. When you make your first bet, just place a $5 bet and If you win, you'll get 200 in Bonus bets. Download the app or head to FanDuel dot com slash bet. Big and bet with FanDuel official partner of Super Bowl 59 Must be 21 plus and present in select states for Kansas. An affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Call 1 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 support in Massachusetts or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny or Text Hope NY in New York.


So Fox was in panic mode after Donald Trump held a press conference with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu yesterday, where Donald Trump said that he wanted to occupy Gaza with America forces permanently and turn Gaza into the Riviera of the Middle East and then force out all of the Palestinians to destinations unknown. AKA ethnic cleansing, which Donald Trump was saying on camera. So Fox in panic mode, they had to cover it up, right? So bring in Sean Hannity and Sean Hannity starts to basically say, look, he didn't really say that. He said he wanted to just rebuild destroyed buildings. He didn't really say what you actually heard him say.


This is actually four dimensional chess right here. Watch Pathetic. Sean, how did he play this clip? Yeah, he said, let's get rid of the destroyed buildings level. It create an economic development that will supply unlimited numbers of jobs and housing for people. Where the media's freaking out is, oh, Donald Trump's gonna take over Gaza. By the way, I'm so happy that the Midas Touch Network is currently beating Fox in digital views. Thanks to you. Make sure you subscribe. By the way, we're currently number one, Fox is currently number two A-B-C-C-B-S-C-N-N. They are trailing far behind. Anyway, I digress. So then what Fox does is they have their former host, Pete Heif, who has zero experience to be the Secretary of Defense, but he's now the Secretary of Defense, ostensibly in charge of the ethnic cleansing campaign in Gaza, as well as all of the other wars that Donald Trump wants to get us into.


And so here's what they do on Fox. They do this segment where they like go on a helicopter safari together. 'cause it's all like cosplay with them. Here, play this clip patient. There's been full integration, a belief in the mission. You know, our generation has spent 20 years guarding other people's borders while watching an invasion of our own. I mean, it's so utterly pathetic. And by the way, did you see that press conference they held with Christie Nome, the Homeland Security director, and she wears the different outfits. Sometimes she's cowgirl, sometimes she's ice agent, sometimes she's park ranger. The whole thing is so bizarre. Oh, this was just in last night.


The United States Postal Service is announcing a temporary suspension of international package acceptance of inbound parcels from China and Hong Kong until further notice. So you can't get products from China anymore. Great work. Trump administration, oh, Fox did report as well that the CIA has offered buyouts to every CIA agent, every CIA employee. In other words, Trump looks like he's shutting down the CIA another Christmas present for Putin. Alright, back to Fox freaking out and panicking on just being overall weird. They then have Byron Donalds MAGA Republican who he claims the drug cartels. The drug cartels are running the northern border in Canada.


Here play this clip five. The drug cartels have had operational control of both of our borders. Larry, this has got to change. Donald Trump promised it and he has delivered. You know, congressman As Jason Kendrick Cook says, Byron Donald, it goes Winnipeg forecast clear, cold and windy with a noticeable lack of drug cartels. Here you have Byron Donalds talks about Trump doing absolutely nothing vis-a-vis Canada. Let me just show you this play, this clip, You know, tariff diplomacy. Quite remarkable, don't you think? All I can say Larry is to the American people, promises made, promises kept.


Yep. Donald Trump told you he was gonna do everything to secure this nation. And that's what he's done. No talking points, no silly blue ribbon panels that go nowhere, no meetings that, that do absolutely nothing. Decisive action with results. That's what Donald, oh MAGA loves a good fake Donald Trump deal to stroke his ego. These people are the most pathetic people. And the people who are watching this just vile propaganda, they go, oh gee, we did a good deal. America. Like you realize that America is being laughed at by all of our enemies and our allies hate us and are disgusted and horrified by us.


But, but Fox, you could keep doing the whole Colgate. Oh yeah, the WWE America, we look stupid because of you and exit and Trump and this whole maniac regime. Then Fox has their borders. Are Tom Homan on who talks about the Mexican cartel shooting at American troops? He goes, it's not a matter of if, it's a matter of when, because one of the things Trump wants to do is to militarily attack Mexico. It's one of the reasons that the Trump regime, the authoritarian Trump regime, is now calling the drug cartels terrorist organizations. 'cause watch in the next 180 days, they'll find some pretext and they will drop bombs in Mexico.


That's what they're setting up here. That's obvious. Play the clip. The most powerful military in the world will not be intimidated by anybody, let alone cartels. It's not a question of if it's what it's gonna happen. President Trump, judge named Joe's organization, we can put on business to make things, dollars will be biased. And, and then Fox calls in spokesperson one, their press secretary, Caroline Levitt and Levitt talks about, isn't this so great? We're sending people to concentration camps today. The first of lights are out to Guantanamo Bay. It is weird though. Why? Why don't you just deport 'em to their countries?


I mean, if, If you really gonna do it, I mean, I mean, I, I don't know what you're doing in general. It makes no sense. And you're taking non-criminals and you're attacking your own, your own supporters like Venezuelans, who were once on TPS temporary protective status. But why, why? Why are you sending him to a concentration camp in Guantanamo Bay? Oh yeah, cruelty iss. The point with these people here play this Clip, No longer going to allow America to be a dumping ground for illegal criminals from nations all over this world. And so El Salvador has not just agreed to, to the repatriation of their own citizens, but also illegal criminals from other nations who will then be sent to their prisons.


Venezuela as well has agreed to repatriation flights. And Columbia also agreed to cooperate with the repatriation of illegal Columbian nationals that we have found in the interior of our country. And I can also confirm that today, the first flights from the United States to Guantanamo Bay with illegal migrants are underway. And so President Trump, Pete Hegseth and Christie Nome are already delivering on this promise to utilize that capacity at Gimo for illegal criminals who have break broken our nation's immigration laws and then have further committed, committed heinous crimes against lawful American citizens here at home.


Quick. You've probably seen peptides everywhere in skincare. But here's the thing, not all peptides are created equal. Just because it says peptide on the label doesn't mean it's actually doing anything for your skin. That's where one skin's OS zero one peptide is different, unlike other peptides that just kind of sit on the top of your skin. OS zero one goes deeper, penetrating the layers where real skin repair happens. It's scientifically proven to boost collagen production, hydration, and skin barrier function. And unlike some products that lose potency outside the lab OS zero one remain stable from the lab to your countertop. Listen, if you're not getting results from your peptide, it might be time to take a closer look. All of one skin's topical supplements are backed by lab and clinical studies, and they're all powered by the OS zero one peptide, the first and only peptide scientifically proven to target the senescent cells that contribute to lines, wrinkles, and thinning skin. Try Oneskin with an exclusive 15% off your first purchase using code mitus at Oneskin Do co. I've been using Oneskin for a while now and I could genuinely say I notice a difference. My skin feels healthier, more hydrated, and just looks better. The eye topical has been a lifesaver for me. I've even used it beyond my face on my hands, my neck. And it's made a real impact. I expected a good moisturizer, but this is next level skincare, but backed by science, founded and led by an all women team of skin longevity scientists. OneSkin is redefining the aging process with their OS zero one peptide, the first ingredient proven to help skin look, feel, and behave like its younger self. Get 15% off your first purchase with code mitus at Oneskin. Do co. That's 15% off at Oneskin dot co with promo code Midas MEIDAS. And after you buy, let them know we sent you invest in your skin's health and longevity With Oneskin, your future self will. Thank you.


And then you have MAGA Republican Senator Britt. Remember she was the one last year who delivered that like super cringey response to former President Biden's State of the Union address. And she goes, on the one hand, Biden was draining, Guantanamo, removing people We're filling it back up. We're filling concentration camps up with innocent migrants. Oh yeah, we winning Hulk Hogan. Oh yeah. This is just stupid. It is just, it's just the dumbest, it's like watching something even more idiotic than Idiocracy. But play the clip. Now we hear this week we are going to deport them to Gimo. You have Joe Biden who had an open border system and drained gimo actually emptying it.


And now you have President Trump who has closed borders and is saying, I'm gonna fill it up with the worst of the worst. It is an exciting day and this is what strength looks like. This is what winning looks like. And then here you have Steve Whitcoff special envoy to the Middle East. They have him on Fox to try to further talk about, oh, what Trump really meant. Let me tell you what he really meant here. Play this clip. I think everybody wants to see peace in the region. Sean and peace in the region means a better life for the Palestinians. A better life is not necessarily tied to the physical space that you're in today. A better life is about a better li better opportunity, better financial conditions, better aspirations for you and your family.


That doesn't occur because you get to pitch a tent in the Gaza Strip and you're, you're surrounded by 30,000 munitions that that could go off at any moment. It's a dangerous place to live today. And the president is saying, let's make it better for these people. Let's give them more hope. And if there are different places for them to live, let them, let them. Let them make that choice. And I think he's right. Yeah. Oh yeah. Then Jesse Waters has on Donald Trump's very special friend, Alina Haba, who's Trump's senior advisor to the White House, Alina Haba. And Alina Haba says that Democrats should support spending taxpayer dollars to annex Gaza.


And then she pushes the debunked lie about government spending millions on condom bombs for Gaza, the condom bombs, which don't exist. I think it was Gaza Mozambique, which got a little bit of money for contraception as part of the USAID program that Elon Musk has totally dismantled and will allow or contribute to about 150,000 kids getting AIDS as a result, like hiv aids. Like that's what they're doing. But anyway, here's what Alina Hab has to say. Condom bombs play this clip. Has it been crazy about freezing foreign aid? This one unleashed some considerable foreign aid rebuilding Gaza.


Do you think that this is something that maybe the Democrats could agree to? I think they should. If they care about world peace, I think they should. If they care about stop spending 70, you know, however much money they're spending on DEI plays and and operas in Columbia, we've seen 50 million to Gaza for condoms that they're using for bombs. We're seeing all kinds of spending being cut. So why not spend that money on protecting people in the world who have been persecuted and prosecuted, much like President Trump, who are going to be given a safe haven. And while they do, let's take that strip and let's make it great again.


Let's make the world great again by making America great again. And that's what President Trump is doing. He Just so you can see for yourself and hear for yourself, here's what Donald Trump said about the Gaza Strip play this clip. The US will take over the Gaza Strip and we will do a job with it too. We'll own it and be responsible for dismantling all of the dangerous unexploded bombs and other weapons on the site. Level the site and get rid of the destroyed buildings. Level it out. Create an economic development that will supply unlimited numbers of jobs and housing for the people of the area. Do a real job, do something different.


Just can't go back. If you go back, it's gonna end up the same way it has for a hundred years. Yeah, There there wasn't really any mincing words there. Like it's the city wants to level it, take it over, own it. Ethnically cleanse it. So despicable, hit subscribe. We need to get to 4 million subscribers. Let's keep growing quicker than Fox. Hit subscribe. Thanks for watching. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.