
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms. Apply


The NBA 82 Game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And DraftKings Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit CPG dot org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by Enterprise Mobility. From fleet management to flexible truck rentals to technology solutions, enterprise Mobility helps businesses find the right mobility solutions so they can find new opportunities. Because if your business is on the road, they wanna make sure it's on the road to success. Enterprise mobility, moving you moves the world. Find your road@enterprisemobility.com.


I'm William Gug, A URI Collaborate and professional Ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing. I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to uri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Hi, I'm Kristen Bell. Carvana makes car buying easy. Isn't that right, hun? Dax Dax, Sorry. Did you know about this seven day money back guarantee A week to evaluate seat coms? You say A week of terrain tests. Yeah, I can test the brake pad resistance at variable speeds. Make sure all the kids' stuff fits nicely. Make sure our stuff fits nicely. Oh, the right. Still need to buy the car getting ahead of ourselves here. Buy your car with Carvana today.


You know, for this administration right now, to blame the former administration. I'm sorry when it's happening on your watch. And if this were a Democrat, I'd say the same thing. When it's happening on your watch, you are responsible. The buck stops with you. Stop deflecting blame. Show some solutions, specific solutions so that we can all be safe. That was a host on state regime media known as Fox right there, calling out the current regime for its dangerous, dangerous handling of the FAA and across its agencies that's on Fox. But of course you then have other hosts on state regime media known as Fox, like Jesse Waters saying, look, the United States just needs to steal land.


That's what we do in the United States. Let's steal Greenland. Let's take land manifest destiny. We need conquest. This is pathetic. Vial host from Fox. Jesse Waters play this clip right here. And he's also talking about he doesn't like Trump talking about expanding the United States has always expanded either by force or we buy things. We bought Alaska from the Russians. We bought half the country from the French, we beat the Mexicans, the Native Americans, the Spanish, the British. That's how we do things here. It's manifest destiny. And if we find out that we need Greenland as a matter of national survival, of course any President, Republican or Democrat should get it by any means necessary.


And it looks like right now we have our intelligence agencies in Greenland on the ground right now ensuring that they vote for independence. That's right. You, you know, when you say things like that, Jesse, I, I know you think that that's you know, funny or that's entertainment or anger tam or rage baiting for your audience. What you mean by that is you wanna send young men and women to die in wars against our allies. So shut the up because you have no clue what you're talking about. You have no clue what sacrifice is. And you live in your $20 million homes and behave the way you do like a reckless maniac while you cause harm to the American people, you and other state regime media hosts. Here's Will Kane, who's trying to be like Jesse Waters and Jesse Waters trying to be like Tucker Carlson with MAGA Republican Congress member Anna Paulina Luna on.


And here they're talking about they gotta go after Dr. Fauci. That's how they spend their day. Go after Fauci here, play this clip. And That's what I wanna lean in on for a moment, congresswoman, because I think at this point everybody watching knows that Dr. Fauci lied at a minimum he played semantics over the definition of gain of function, but that it amounted to a lie. Let's set aside the pardon for just one moment. I don't know if the pardon covers any potential accountability for perjury, but would you like to see, and I think everyone watching finally wants to hear about some form of accountability. Would you like to see something done here by Attorney General Pam Bondy? Yes. And what I will tell you is to give assurance because I know people are tired of members of Congress sending strongly worded letters.


I'm also very tired of that. I want to see action. I will look at doing a criminal referral for those statements. I will go on record for that and I will do it as soon as I get back to my office. But what I also wanna say is the Attorney General has the ability to put some teeth behind what we are trying to do in Congress. Remember, Congress is not a punitive arm, although we reserve the right for inherent contempt, having the Department of Justice for referrals, they need to really follow up. As you know, I also referred some of these sanctuary city mayors. So I do believe what he did was wrong. I do believe that he needs to be brought to justice and I will happily authorize a criminal referral. And I'll also be asking Chairman Comer to help authorize that as well. Next up, I will show you Kevin Hassett right here. Donald Trump's National Economic Advisor on Laura Ingraham play this clip.


Well, the scare monitoring is happening now, but I can tell you that I get real time data every day on whether there are shortages and I can report that there are still plenty of things on the shelves. There were a couple of weeks where shipping from China was lower, but now shipping from a lot of other countries is going way, way up. So people don't have to be worried about what the scare mongers are saying these policies are Onshoring jobs, onshoring production. You could see it in the job data. You could see it in the explosion of manufacturing jobs already, even before the tariffs came in. The way to think about it for me, Laura, is that President Trump did something last time, looked and saw that it really worked and now he's doing more of it a little bit bigger. But that's what you should do. You should do something, see if it works or not, and then change and and that's what he's doing.


He, he's ramping up the ante because he saw that it worked in the past. Well, And here they are bragging about how the federal government is unlawfully taking away $2.2 billion from Harvard and they're celebrating this like it's a good thing. Yeah. Celebrate the fact that you're gutting America's top university. And now our top professors and scientists are being recruited by Europe, by China, and by other nations. You freaking moron. State regime media gr great to celebrate this as now brain drain is taking a hold and the brand of America has been damaged by morons.


Like you here play this clip right here. Good evening everyone. I'm Laura Ingram. This is Ingram Engel from Washington Tonight. Big news for the Crimson as in the Harvard Crimson. You know, Harvard University's motto is Veritas Truth. And the truth is, tonight Harvard just lost 2.2 billion with a B federal dollars.


You ever look back at the wallet that you used to carry and cringe? Well, mine was like this giant crusty leather brick that barely fit in my pocket. And don't even get me started on the back pain from sitting uneven. Then I found Ridge and I'm obsessed. Their wallets are slim, modern and uniquely designed to hold up to 12 cards plus cash without the bulk made from premium materials like aluminum, titanium, and carbon fiber. This thing is built like a tank but sleek. There are over 50 colors and styles to choose from. So you can actually show off your wallet instead of hiding it. And yeah, it gives me serious peace of mind knowing that every Ridge Wallet has RFID blocking Tech to keep digital pickpockets out of my business. Plus a lifetime warranty. This is literally the last wallet you'll ever have to buy for a limited time. Our listeners get 10% off at Ridge by using Code Midas Plus at checkout. Just head to ridge.com and use code Midas Plus and you're all set. After your purchase, they'll ask you where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them that Midas Touch sent you. Thank you.


I do wanna show this other moment though when Fox was covering the congressional hearings that was taking place and, and they pointed out a moment where these Magar Republicans were trying to make it seem like the head of the United States Fencing Association was giving the middle finger to like a selfie photo. But then as a Democratic congresswoman pointed out, Marjorie Taylor Greene and the mags manipulated the photo. He had two fingers up and they cut off one finger to make it look like he was giving the middle fingers. Play this clip and then I'll explain to you, Ben, what are you fencing? What are you talking about here play this clip. I had already spent the money on competition fees and new equipment and spent hours training.


I felt trapped. I had been defrauded of a women's tournament and sold a lie by USA fencing. Now one big fight, Martha has been over a picture of the chairman Chairwoman and Marjorie Taylor Green actually brought it up during the hearing and Democrats said this was a big misrepresent representation. Watch this. Okay, Mr. Lafe came in here today saying that this is game day. You're right Mr. Lafe, this is game day. The document that you have up behind you is a misrepresentation of the actual post. It appears that you're trying to misrepresent a witness here who you use subpoena powers. Yes, folks.


Fencing. Why fencing? I'll do a whole other video on this today. But the Magar Republicans did a hearing for their Doge, government efficiency, whatever the hell they're talking about, which by the way, is going to cost trillions of dollars, add trillions of dollars to our deficit and has saved nothing. It's stolen your data, by the way. But the Doge hearing led by Marjorie Taylor Greene, they had the head of USA fencing 'cause they wanted to talk about how there was a trans fencer, a transgender fencer, and that that was offensive to them, even though the fencing USA gets no money from the federal government. Anyway, I, I'll do another video on that. Laura Ingraham then asked Kevin Hassett Trump's National economic advisor about firing Jerome Powell play this clip for Heart of hearts.


Do you believe that Jay Powell is acting more politically than economically in his, I won't Comment directly, I won't comment directly Jay Powell. But I do know that there is a committee at the Fed right now that's been appointed mostly by Biden people and they have a worldview that's inconsistent with the facts of the, of the previous term. Don't forget when we had had the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that created the explosion in wages, the reduction in income inequality, the massive explosion in jobs all the time. But Kevin Fed said, Kevin, this is gonna be inflationary Kevin, and it wasn't Kevin. I have to, that's Right. By the way, this guy Kevin has as an idiot, he's wrong about everything. This is the guy right before the.com bubble bursted in 2000.


He's like, it's about to soar and it and it bombed. This guy's wrong about literally everything. I think it was he and Peter Navarro. Remember, they guaranteed, remember they said, we guarantee you quarter one will not have any contraction at all. We will grow. There will not be negative GDP. Well, they're just wrong about everything and they just move on to the next lie. Here's Kevin Hassett again attacking the chairman of the Federal Reserve. Jerome Powell play this clip. Well, first we, we respect the independents of the Fed, but I don't always agree with she Jay Powell on policy. And I still, as I said before in the last few weeks after the president talks about the Fed again, that I am dismayed that they've got bad economic modeling of what might happen to tariffs.


They said, you know, if you look at the Wall Street folks, they're saying that the tariffs are going to crater the economy. Meanwhile, we got really strong jobs and we don't have the inflation that they said was gonna happen. And so to have the Fed out there job boning against the president's policies, I, you know, they didn't do that when Joe Biden was printing money and spending it and creating 20% inflation. And So it just makes me wonder about like what's wrong with their models or what's wrong with their politics. Then on Hannity, you had Josh Howley talk about, you know, these people live on different planets. They're from different, different Mars. This guy talking about playing this clip, These people live on a different planet, Sean. They're totally out of touch with reality.


Donald Trump is turning the country around in a hundred short days and that's why they're desperate. The Democrats are totally desperate. They're jetting around now to foreign countries to hold hands with terrorists. Here he is blaming the current rising inflation on former President Biden. Let's play it. Hilarious is that Joe Biden and Buttigieg and all the rest, they now act like they have no idea how the country got into this state. I mean, my gosh, inflation's really high. Gee, how did that happen? Ah, I don't know. Maybe it's because Joe Biden shut down American energy production, spent three, $4 trillion on Green New Deal giveaways. And May I just contrast that to some normalcy here as well. Like Minnesota Governor Walls was on M-S-N-B-C last night, and here's what he said.


Let's play the clip. He, you know, he told you he would end the war in Ukraine. He would bring prices down eggs and, and now telling people, when did government get to tell you how many dolls your child has? I mean, this was my whole point about this, you know, government just big enough to fit in your bedroom, your womb, and apparently now in your toy chest, that is, it's insane. It's a command economy with him dictating there's no free market principles. My farmers have worked years to cultivate markets in a free market around the world. And we have thrived at that. We feed the world, we clothe the world. We power the world. Donald Trump is now deciding that he gets to do all of that. And the real thing is, is to enrich the, the industries he chooses. He's picking the winners and losers. And in this case, the billionaires are winning.


The rest of us are losing. Here he is again, play the clip. I, you know, I don't know this where my amateur psychologist, I think he listened to one class when he was back in the eighties or something at Wharton in his six months there or whatever. And, and he misreads this, it's a ludicrous philosophy. No one agrees with him. And then they come back to, well, Democrats put tariffs on. Yes, they're a tool, they're a scalpel. You can use them when you have unfair practices. But he's talking about the thing that drives me insane with working with Canada and Mexico. He's the guy who negotiated the deal and then he turns around and says, well, we don't care much about Canada. I was glad to see the, you know, the prime Minister coming in the, of saying from Canada of saying, are you out of your mind?


What, what your biggest trading partner, they are our biggest trading partner in Minnesota. They're our dearest friends. They're, they're who we care about. He has no concept. This goes back to that idea. So many Americans don't, you know, we need to hire a businessman to run government like business. Two things about that are wrong. No, we don't need to run government like a business 'cause we're not in the profit making. We're in the proving lives and looking towards the future. And this guy has a proven track record of being an absolute failure. And I think the opening for Democrats is, is to work with the business community. My, i I, I am home to many large Fortune 500 companies that are put at risk by this. And I'll just say this, I'm calling these folks out.


They need to stand up. He threatens them, he threatens, you know, universities, thank goodness Harvard standing up to them. But that's how he gets things done. He doesn't get it done through competency. He doesn't get it done through results. He gets it done through fear intimidation. And I'm, I'm with you. I, I wished he could have been weirdly obsessed with like pickleball or something rather than tariffs. That's where he could spend his time. But it's on this tariff thing that doesn't work. And here's Democratic Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett, let's play it. They also were supposed to have a markup as it relates to agriculture and SNAP benefits, cutting $220 billion from SNAP when people only get $6 a day to eat in snap benefits for those that do receive it.


And the last time I checked you probably probably can't get 12 eggs for that amount of money. And so instead of doing it, literally there was a leak and a story that came out where staffer said, no, we wanna make sure we can flood the zone. So whenever we do this, we're gonna make sure that these committees are gonna be at the same time. Ah, like the fact that you're hiding from your constituents. The fact that you literally just are like, let me just throw everything at you so that we can overwhelm you instead of actually doing your job. I cannot wait until voters have an opportunity to say, you took food outta my mouth. You took a roof from over my head. You are responsible for making sure that I do not have healthcare. I'm gonna make sure you don't have a job.


Do you see the contrast there folks? Do you see, oh, let, let me show you the full clip of that Fox host, by the way, who I showed you at the beginning. Let's Play it. They say what happened in Newark, we are seeing an increase in problems and there weren't these problems. In the past four years since January, there have been five significant crashes that hasn't been since 2009. So if everything happened in the last four years and nothing happened during the last four years, I'm not buying it additionally because it comes down to two things, staffing and equipment. And specifically they say, ANU, it comes down to one copper wire. Pete Buttigieg specifically wanted the 50 airports in the United States that need to have fiber, that need to have internet and not copper.


And he wanted those changed. People seem to think that, you know, anybody who is in charge of the FAA can, just, even the president can just, you know, write a check and hand it off. No, they can't. We have something called Congress that those funds have to be approved with and, and from legislation that has to go through there. So, you know, for this administration right now, to blame the former administration, I'm sorry, when it's happening on your watch. And if this were a Democrat, I'd say the same thing. When it's happening on your watch, you are responsible. The buck stops with you. Stop deflecting blame, show some solutions, specific solutions so that we can all be safe. I flew into JFK last night, three and a half hour delay. Hmm.


But I am here. Thanks Obama. I, I, you said something about five crashes being the word. What did you mean by that? I, I, Since January there have been five significant Incidents. That's the worst. And that's the worst. You said Since 2009? Yes. I would like to check on that. There you have it. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.