
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck GPT. What do you know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and precedent in Virginia must be first online Real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non withable bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G, pt, what do you know? All Sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and President in Virginia must be first online real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


If you wanna see Fox just absolutely lose it. Bring up Donald Trump's accelerating cognitive decline. If you even raise the question, they have a utter freak out. So when I had democratic leader Hakeem Jeffries on the Midas Touch Network earlier this week, I asked him, do you think it's a fair question that we raise Donald Trump's cognitive decline as a significant issue right now? And he goes, when he travels the country, he gets the question frequently. And he said, looking at Donald Trump's conduct, he understands why people are raising that issue with him. And he says he thinks it's a fair question. So throughout the entire day yesterday, Fox was focused on why would Democratic leader Hakeem Jeffries ever bring this up?


And he should be talking about former President Biden. Just take a look over here at this Chiron it says Jeffries fair to question Trump's mental acuity. And like on the Will Cain show, they brought on Democratic Congress member Dan Goldman and they asked Congress member Goldman, come on, come on Congressman. How could you ever possibly raise an issue about Donald Trump's mental issues? How could you ever do that? Watch what Democratic Congress member Goldman said in response. Play this clip. I Can debate you on Ethan's every one of those things you just laid out, but I don't think you can call it whatever you want. I think that's an incorrect statement, Congressman. I think words have meaning and they matter. And I think you know that I think we have to be careful with our words, especially if we're not trying to inflame the public.


And most certainly if we're trying to arrive at the truth and after four years of having us gaslighted over the competency, the, the mental acuity of the previous president, it's absurd to question even If you disagree congressman, and clearly you do with much of the President the competency of the sitting president today. I think the accuracy and truth of those words do matter. Well I don't think he's competent will. I don't know what to tell you whether his cognitive abilities are sufficient to get past the 25th Amendment. You know, we don't know that right now Congress, but I I think what is clear is that he has driven our country into a disastrous economy.


He has undermining the fundamental rule of law and democracy. He is taking away benefits in order to cut taxes for the rich. I think even you will would have to agree with me that this first a hundred days is not at all what he promised the American people. No, I'm sorry to notify you. I do not agree with you. I think this first a hundred days is exactly what he promised the American people. And more importantly, exactly what I loved how Congress member Goldman said that, look, it seems pretty obvious that Donald Trump is having cognitive issues. Now you can go back to 2019 when Donald Trump took this secret trip to Walter Reed. There were many people at the time that were suspecting that Donald Trump may have been experiencing many strokes.


'cause right around the time and thereafter he really started slurring his words. And there are lots of people who opined on that. And I'll talk about that in a moment. And I want to be very clear, I'm not a medical doctor. I've taken a look at what medical doctors have said and opinions that they've given. I'm just expressing my opinion right now. But it seems this is a very sensitive topic for Fox and also for like Donald Trump's communications director in the White House, Steve Chung. So just take a look at what Steve Chung posted this past week. He goes, CNN had this blathering idiot on inside politics from the Daily Beast named Joanna Coles making unsubstantiated claims about President Trump's health.


Joanna is a piece of shit clearly suffering from a debilitating case of Trump derangement syndrome rotting her peace sized brain. So I went to see like what did Joanna calls from the Daily Beast even say when she was interviewed and I'll play the clip for you. She basically said like, not a lot here. Watch this clip Donald Trump in a blue suit when we know he has a black suit. 'cause he was wearing a black suit the last time he met the pipe. So why wasn't he wearing it this time? Lots of suspicion. 'cause he's lost a lot of weight. Who knows how he's lost weight. We know that Robert Kennedy Jr. His health minister doesn't approve of people taking Ozempic 'cause he thinks it shows a lack of moral power.


So who knows how Trump has lost weight, but I found the suit color very interesting. So If you see what's happening here, you've got Fox and Donald Trump's communications director Stephen Chung, they're kind of telling on themselves here, right? That this is a very sensitive issue for them. So go back now to 2019 for a second. When Donald Trump took that visit to Walter Reed, and I wanna share this with you, this was a doctor that CNN had a guy by the name of Dr. David Shiner. He was President Obama's former doctor and they had him on CNN to to talk about, and this was in Donald Trump's first administration, to talk about whether or not Donald Trump was having many strokes or whether there was some cognitive issues there.


Play this clip. His Inability to say words sometimes worries me tremendously. He is having trouble word finding when he said United instead of United States. These aren't words, these aren't slips of the tongue. These are words. He can't find them. And this is happening over and over again. Comedians joke about it, but it's not a joking matter. I think there is a, a neurological issue that is not being addressed. And if he had an MRI of his head over there, I would be very pleased. 'cause I think he needs it. I think Is that Something that could have happened in the two hour time he was there? Yes, it certainly could. And it's the worry that I have is that maybe he's having small strokes.


And you know, we had that once before in the White House when Woodrow Wilson was president. He, his inability to find words is, is peculiar and has not been explained. And I think one has to think of it as a possible neurological issue. Now, I think it's important to note when we talk about Donald Trump's accelerating cognitive decline, I want to be very careful because I also don't want Donald Trump to use that as an out to avoid accountability one day and say, oh, it was because I had physical issues. This is why I behaved the way I did as democratic leader, Hakeem Jeffries told me, you know, it, it also is just the truth that Donald Trump is a total liar in every single thing that Donald Trump does.


So whether it's because Donald Trump is experiencing severe cognitive decline or he's just a total liar or both, you know that all can be the case. Here's what democratic leader Hakeem Jeffries told me this week when I interviewed him here, play this clip. Donald Trump spent the last year and a half questioning the cognitive ability of President Joe Biden, notwithstanding many of the legislative accomplishments that Donald Trump could only wish he got over the finish line. And so I think it's fair that a lot of Americans across the country that I run into are questioning whether Donald Trump is actually fit at this point to be able to carry out the duties of the United States of America in terms of being the president and the commander in chief.


You Ever have one of those day nights where you're scrambling to find the perfect outfit, something that looks great, fits right, but still gives you some breathing room for that steak dinner? Yeah, I've been there. You start with something that looks good in the mirror, but by the time you sit down at the restaurant that tailored fit is suddenly feeling more like a compression shirt. That's why I love True Classic. Their shirts are actually designed with real people in mind. Snug in the chest and arms where you want that clean look, both just the right amount of room in the midsection so you're not regretting that extra side of mashed potatoes. And it's not just the tees, the curved hem crew, the Knit Oxford and their compact knit chinos are all game changers for date night. They're stylish, they fit perfectly. And unlike most clothes with this kind of tailored look, they don't come with a ridiculous price tag. And let's talk about winter essentials, long sleeve Henleys F fleece hoodies, button-ups, joggers True Classic has everything you need to mix, match, and build the perfect outfit in minutes. Literally this second, I'm wearing my True Classic tee sweatpants and even boxer briefs. Sorry if that's TMI plus, they offer free shipping on all orders and a 100% perfect fit guarantee. So if it's not right, returns are easy. Level up your date night or everyday style with clothes that actually fit right. Just go to my exclusive link at True Classic dot com slash Midas to save. That's True Classic dot com slash Midas, M-E-I-D-I-S. Shop now and elevate your wardrobe today.


Now Going back to the incident at Walter Reed when you had Ronnie Jackson, now Congress member Jackson from from Texas when he was Trump's doctor, here's what he said when he was asked about Donald Trump potentially having mini strokes at that time here at play, this clip Jackson. Yes, yes. There was an incident recently where the president appeared to slur his words while giving an address. Did you look into what the cause of that might have been at all? I did, yeah, we, we talked about that and actually one of my ENT consultants was involved in that. We evaluated him, we checked, we checked everything out and every, everything was normal.


We even went so far as to do an ultrasound of his parotid glands and a few other things. And there was absolutely no, you know, clinical findings that would suggest. I think the reason for that was quite, And I'm not sure If you remember, Donald Trump had to put out statements back then denying that he had a series of mini strokes. And here's the statement that was, that was made by another Dr. Dr. Sean P. Conley. Donald Trump has asked that I, Dr. Sean Conley, physician to the president, address the recent public comments regarding his health. I can confirm that President Trump has not experienced nor evalu nor been evaluated for strokes, many strokes or any acute cardiovascular emergencies as have been incorrectly reported in the media.


The president remains healthy and I have no concerns about his ability to maintain the rigorous schedule ahead of him. As stated in my last report, I expect him to remain fit to execute the duties of the President. But do you notice that nobody really talks about that anymore today except here on the Midas Touch Network. One of the red flags that I think exist as well is If you take a look at Donald Trump's recent physical that was released a few weeks back, the way it described that he was in good health is it said he's in good health as evidenced by his frequent victories in golf events. It said it also claimed he was like 6 3 2 20, which he obviously isn't.


But again, you know, you go back because the past really kind of informs, I think how we need to look at it today. And Donald Trump's doctor back in 20 15, 20 16, who's no longer alive, Dr. Harold Bornstein, who was a gastroenterologist, he did Trump's doctor note back in 2015. And this was Trump's doctor note or, or a medical report back when Trump was running for office the first time. It says, to whom my concern, not to whom may concern, to whom my concern. And then as you read through it, it talks about how Donald Trump's physical was astonishingly excellent.


He was extraordinary. And then it says he will be the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency. And it's signed over here by Dr. Harold Bornstein, a gastroenterologist, I mean obviously to whom my concern is red flag number one. Two, why is a gastroenterologist writing this report three, using language over and over again like the most astonishingly excellent person and saying he will be the healthiest individual ever. One of the things we know as well is that Donald Trump sent people back in 2018 to raid Dr. Harold Bernstein's office.


Let me just show you what Dr. Harold Bornstein said on May 1st, 2018 about Trump sending goons to raid his office here, play this clip. Exactly. Were They looking for, well, his medical records, his pictures, anything that I could find, he must have been in here for 25 or 30 minutes. We created a lot of chaos. I couldn't believe anybody was making a big deal about a drug that's to grow, to grow his hair, which seemed to be so important. And it certainly is not a breach of medical trust to tell somebody they take CIA to grow their hair. What's the matter with that? And then another thing that Dr. Harold Bornstein told CNN was that Donald Trump was actually the person who wrote his own physical.


That medical note that I had just read was actually written by Donald Trump and not Dr. Harold Bornstein. Let me just play a clip of CNN reporting what Dr. Harold Bornstein told him in May of 2018. Let's play this clip right here. And we ran into Dr. Harold Bornstein, right out right here, right outside his office on Park Avenue. And he told us in no uncertain terms, and this is the quote Aaron, he dictated he being Trump. He dictated that whole letter. I didn't write that letter, meaning that Trump dictated what he wanted to go into it. And essentially Bornstein wrote it up. He did say he compared it to the movie Fargo and he said it takes the truth and moves it in a different direction.


Think about that. Now, Borstein tells us that he was in a car with his wife when he was on the phone with then candidate Trump in December of 2015. And she was going through with Trump what he could say and what he couldn't say. Trump was dictating what he wanted in that letter. And Bornstein was saying, okay, you can say that. You can't say that. He then came here to the office, he wrote it up, Trump's office later picked it up, he said, around 4:00 PM Aaron, we have reached out to the White House, but we've not gotten a response. And so let me just show you a portion of that interview one more time. That has since gone very vi viral of Terry Moran from a, b, C and Donald Trump in the Oval Office, where Donald Trump believes that what was clearly photoshopped on a rego Garcia's hands.


The the letters MS 13 are like clearly like computer typed font. And it's not the tattoos, but Donald Trump is arguing. And and I want you to watch Donald Trump's just physical behavior. I want you to view it from a kind of psychological perspective as you're watching him. And that just the weird stuff he's doing with his body and his face and, and, and the way he's looking at Terry Moran and saying, no, Terry, no Terry, that's real. It says MS 13. I see it. Terry, you're wrong, Terry. The way he's like looking and trying to intimidate Terry Moran, the fact that he thinks that it actually says MS 13 with the letters Ms and the numbers one three, it, it doesn't, and it's not just that.


It's also him making up fake conversations that never happened with China and saying that he's speaking to Xi Jinping. It's Donald Trump lying about saying he's done 200 deals. There's only 193 countries, Donald Trump talking about Donald Trump, taring penguins. You know, Donald Trump's the way Donald Trump looked and behaved at Pope Francis' funeral. I mean we can see this thing with our own eyes, right? I mean here Donald Trump is at, in the Oval Office, interview with Terry Moran from a BC here play this clip. He wasn't a member of a gang. And then they looked and on his knuckles he had MS 13. There's dis there's a dispute of minute. Well wait a minute, wait a minute.


He had MS 13 on his knuckles tattoo. He, oh, he had some tattoos that are Interpreted that way. But Let's move on. Wait a minute. Hey Terry, Terry, Terry, you did not have the letter MS one three. It says MS one three, that was photoshopped. So lemme just, that was photoshopped Terry, you can't do that. Hey, they're giving you the big break of a lifetime. You know, you're doing the interview. I picked you because frankly I never heard of you, but that's okay. I picked you Terry, but you're not being very nice. He had MS 13 tattoo all will agree to disagree. Terry, I wanna move on to something else. Terry, do you want me to show you the picture? I saw the picture will disagree And we, here we go. Here we go. Don't Photoshop it. Go look at his hand. He enough MS 13, he did have tattoos that can be interpreted that way.


I'm not an expert on them. I wanna turn to Ukraine. Sir Terry, I wanna get to Ukraine. Terry. No, no, no, no. He had MS as clear as you can be not interpreted. This is why people no longer believe well the news because it's fake news. Fake news. When he was photograph in El Sal in in El Salvador, they aren't there, but let's just go on. He, they aren't there when he's in El Svad there. Oh, oh, they take a look at the photograph. They're there now, right? No, they're they're they're in your picture. Terry Ukraine, sir. He's got MS 13 on his knuckles. Alright. Okay, we'll take a look. It's you just such a disservice. We'll take a look at that sir, why don't you just say it? Yes he does. And you know, go on to something else. He's contested, Right? And then what does Donald Trump consistently keep on talking about when he's on Air Force One and usually coming back from golf after a weekend of golfing.


He keeps talking about taking physical exams and asy cognitive tests. He keeps doing that against me. I passed cognitive tests here, play this clip time ago. Long time the yearly physical, I think guy did well. I think they're releasing the report on Sunday. Doctors. Highly respected doctors, great guys, great guy's, great amazing placements. Did they give you any suggestions or advice on anything you need to change up a little bit. But overall I think I was very, I felt I was in very good shape, good heart, a good soul, very good soul. And I took, I wanted to be a little different than my, I took a cognitive test that I don't know what to tell you whether that I got every answer right.


And then of course you remember during the campaign, he would say over and over again that people keep saying he's cognitively impaired, he's cognitively impaired here, play this clip. You're saying he's cognitively impaired and physically impaired. There's something wrong with them all because I have guys that are stupid back there. All right, what are you gonna do? What are you gonna do? Right? Lot of shame. But we're gonna come back. I'm gonna give you a free performance back in that corner. You got a bad area back there. But I think this is better. I think it's probably better. You know, I, I think about what Senator Bernie Sanders told me and he said, you know, Ben, sometimes the things that are kind of most obvious and are most glaring are the things that are discussed the least.


And I think If you put all the puzzle pieces together and go, okay, corporate news isn't reporting on this, that's kind of strange 'cause it seems pretty obvious. Fox gets very worried the moment it's mentioned and devote a ton of coverage to trying to swat it down. You had Donald Trump's communications director, Stephen Chung, like freak out when Joanna Coles basically said like nothing even that significant about Donald Trump's health. And we just observe his behavior right now, as I said before, I don't want this to be used as an out for Donald Trump to one day avoid accountability. And I don't wanna just try to blame his disgusting behavior on, on a physical issue because, but because there could be complex explanations.


'cause he's still vile and he is still disgusting. But I think it's something that needs to be talked about more. I'm gonna use the platform to talk about Donald Trump's declining cognitive issues more. But you see that it certainly is very worrisome to Fox. Anyway, let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. The truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do Midas touch.com all 100% USA Union made.