
What's new from Apple? There's the new iPhone 16 Pro built for Apple intelligence, and it comes with the all new camera control, giving you an easier way to quickly access your camera tools. The new Apple Watch series 10 has our biggest display in our thinnest design ever. And this, it's the sound of active noise cancellation now available on one of two new AirPods four models. So quiet, check out all of the new products and new features@apple.com. You can even buy yourself something new. See apple.com for product availability updates. Apple Intelligence coming this fall.


Good Evening Trace. You know, the Harris campaign is asking for a second debate, so we asked why, if they feel so good about how she did tonight, what is the need to put her up a second time? Their answer was basically, she did so well and Trump did so poorly that they wanna do that all over again. That is their view. Watching as Fox tries to cope with the disastrous debate performance by Donald Trump, it's gotta be honest, I really enjoy it. So I'm gonna show you a bunch of other clip. I'm gonna show you a bunch of other clips like that. It was like the most disastrous performance ever. So what is Fox doing to cope? Well, they're gonna blame the moderators. So Hannity calls on the vague Ramez Swami and Lindsey Graham and Tim Scott, all magar Republicans that will watch this, that, How do you not ask that question?


A hundred percent. How do you not ask it? We, We need moderators that are not an extension of the Kamala Harris for President campaign. That's, and then you have Sean Hannity then calls on Magar Republican, Marco Rubio. They go, it's an embarrassment to journalism. Watch this before I walked over and yeah, tapping him on the back, he's my senator. They were impressed. The reporters were impressed. It's the, the biggest, I think failure for the country tonight was A BC. Yeah, it's an embarrassment. It's an embarrassment to journalism. I mean, it's on issue. I mean, there literally, there was times where they would say, Donald Trump, why did you do or say this horrible thing? And then the question to Kamala Harris is how, what do you think about the horrible thing that Donald Trump did?


There was no, listen, no, I'm sorry. I'm just having too much fun. And then you have Lara Trump, who now, who now Donald Trump's daughter-in-Law, who runs the entire Republican party while, while she makes musical songs and she's focused on her music career and she's got the worst vote ever. And she goes, it was three on one. It was so unfair. Here play this clip. See? Yeah. Okay, you watch the debate, let's get your overall view. Yeah, I mean it was three on one. It was sort of what we expected. Kamala Harris got up there, she lied, she brought up Project 2025, not just once, but multiple times. Knowing full, well, that's something Donald Trump has disavowed. He says, I have nothing to do with it. And Oh, I love it. And then you have Dana Purino, one of the Fox hosts. Go look, if you watch the first question and then the end of Donald Trump's closing remarks, you would've thought he did.


You would've thought he did good here. Play this clip That there, if there's a grievance on on that part, you'll see it. I do think that he won on points on his first answer about the economy, and then his last answer was good. So if you only watch those two parts, and if you like first impression and last impression, you might leave with an impression that he did. All right. I'm surprised. Oh, and then Jesse Waters just coping all night. And by the way, I know Jesse Waters mom is a big Midas Touch Network fan. I know she was enjoying tonight. And here's, here's just watch Jesse Water. Jesse Waters flail around. Watch this, Jesse, your Thoughts. I don't think the American people are watching and thinking any of these people won.


This was, this was rough. This was pretty intense at times. She started off shaky. She regained her footing, but I thought she was gonna come out with some of these memorable lines. All the memorable lines were from Donald Trump run Spot Rum. I'm speaking, does that sound familiar? Wake Joe Biden up at four o'clock in the afternoon and go get him to sign this thing to close the border. I took a bullet because you said I was a threat to democracy and they're eating the pets. You know, you watch this thing if you're a Democrat, you're like, oh, she did a great job. She was much more forceful than Joe Biden. If you're Republican, you look at this and you're like, that's Donald Trump.


He had some moments where you're like, oh my God, where are we going with this? And then he just had some great knockouts. And so this race just got tighter. Do his credit, Brit yume accurately described what went down during the debate play. This clip did. Now, look, make no mistake about it. Trump had a bad night. He rose to debate repeatedly when she baited him something. I'm sure his advisors had begged him not to do. You know, in the first debate when Biden attacked him, he just kept his cool and kept going in this, in this debate. He rose to a debate and he, and we heard so many of the old grievances that, that we'd long thought that Trump had learned were not winners politically.


And now they all were, you know, talking about how he didn't lose the election and all that. I mean, so I, my sense is that she came out of this in pretty good shape. Now how long this will last and, and is, is a, is anybody's guess, but for, for tonight at least, this was pretty much her night. You're saying she had a good night. I'm saying she certainly did. Sean Hannity Is in the sp, but then Sean Hannity called Fox, called Trump onto Fox. Then Trump's like, this was our best debate ever by far our best performance. Watch this. Did you have fun? I had a good time. I think it was our best debate ever. I thought it was really good. We had three against one, but I anticipated them. Let's talk about that. Three against one and all of her radical positions, they leave on the table.


Yeah, No, we had a lot of, a lot of negative kind of stuff. Look, I saw on your show last night, they had a hundred percent positive coverage on A, B, C, and I had 94% negative coverage. 93, 90 3% negative. I exaggerate. You got an extra percent non-negative. Okay.


There's nothing worse than light pouring in the house when you're trying to catch up on some rest. And having good blinds in your home may just be the most underrated addition that you could make. There's a better way to buy blinds and window treatments, and it's called Three Day Blinds. They're the leading manufacturer of custom window treatments in the US and right now they're running a buy one get one 50% off deal. We could shop for almost anything at home. Why not shop for blinds at home too? Three Day Blinds has local, professionally trained design consultants who have an average of 10 plus years of experience that provide expert guidance on the right blinds for you in the comfort of your home. Just set up an appointment and you'll get a free no obligation quote. The same day, not very handy. The expert team at Three Day Blinds handles all the heavy lifting. They design, measure, install. So you could sit back, relax, and leave it to the pros. I've been using Three Day Blinds since way before they were even a sponsor of the Midas Touch podcast. My friend had redone his entire home with three day Blinds. He got the Smart Blinds installed where you just ask Alexa to open your blinds and it happens automatically. I thought it was the coolest thing ever. I asked him, where did he get this? How did this happen? He told me all about three day blinds and how easy the process was. And I ended up getting all the blinds in my home from three Day Blinds. And I'm so glad that I did. They had so many options to choose from and they were so helpful in guiding me to pick the perfect blinds for my home. It's no surprise that Three Day Blinds has been in business for over 45 years and is the highest rated blinds company on Trustpilot at 4.7 out of five stars right now. You could get three day blinds, buy one, get one 50% off deal on custom blinds, shades, shutters, and drapery for a free, no charge, no obligation consultation. Just head to three-day blinds.com/midas. That's buy one, get one 50% off when you head to three day blinds.com/midas. One last time. That's the number three DY blinds.com/midas.


Then Donald Trump was in the spin room and they were showing it on Fox and watch as he struggled. He's like 90, 97000000% of people supported me. I won. I won here. And just watch him just, just like rant and rave in this room by himself. He like, looks lost here, play this clip. It Was the best debate I've ever personally that I've had. We getting poll that show 92 Mr. P, louder, 88 to to 11. We're having a lot of great calls, lots of other, but you see the polls a very important debate. Now she wants to do another one 'cause she got beaten tonight, but don don't know if we, why wouldn't you look at her?


The polls are indicating that we got 90%, 60%, 72%, 71%, and 89%. Where are you getting these numbers from? Very good. But beyond the pulse, I felt very good. I had a good time doing it. I hate to speak about our country so negatively, but that's what happened. It ruined our country. They destroyed our country. So I hope you're all having a good time. Did it was a very interesting, did she Get on the hears, Hannity going on a rant and attacking a, b, c, play this clip. I agree, Disagree on other parts of what He said. I think the biggest loser in the debate, and we talked about this pre-debate, is A, B, c, you know, the fact that we, we didn't get to fundamental strong positions that Kamala Harris had TA taken on very deep and profound issues involved in the economy and immigration and, and ending private healthcare and defund and dismantle.


There were, there was a lot of cliche, a lot of rehearsal that I saw in, in her performance. Okay, that's fine. That was anticipated. I was, there were a lot of lies that she told about abortion, about Project 2025, about gun confiscation. And that was frustrating in on, on a lot of fronts. I think that the biggest epic fail here is that, you know, we're now 50 days in and early voting, for example, we're in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania tonight, starts one week from two night and then it rolls out in all these other swing states that matter. I i I, I don't, the fact that we don't know if she still s supports, you know, free housing, healthcare education and sex change operations for illegal immigrants is unfathomable to me after an hour and a half debate, does she still support defund dismantle No bail laws?


Does, do we have an answer on no fracking and no drilling? She didn't say that in 2000. Even CNN fact checked her after her 16 minute and 29 second debate. We, we don't have answers on the economy. Biden nos being a great success. President Trump, I thought was effective on the issue of, okay, three and a half years you've been vice president, why haven't you gotten these things done? And in many, many ways that pass that she's gotten has been the greatest disservice, I think tonight to the American people that's on a B, c Disney that really shouldn't be the other candidate's job to be, to be challenging them, especially when you have muted microphones.


We don't know anything about Kamala Harris and that's frustrating. I didn't hear you. What? No, That's it. And earlier in the day, here's what Alina Haba had to say about what she expected to happen on Fox play this clip. Alina, you spent some time with the former president today. How is the mood? He's great. He's great. He is ready to roll. He's like rocky. He just gets focused. He knows his policies are gonna win. He knows he's not trying to get taxpayer dollars to pay for transgender illegal immigrants to get transitioned in, in, in, in, in cells. So, I mean, when you, Yeah, these people are really weird. Here she is again, Paula. Alright, so he's gonna say, you want breast implants for illegal aliens.


You know, you wanna legalize fentanyl, you wanna get rid of the internal combustion engine, you know, you wanna abolish ice. I mean, it's a very long laundry list of just crazy dangerous stuff that she said. Can you see her wiggling out of that? No, not with President Trump. I mean, the reality is the border crisis has created 60% more rapes of women. We have 325,000 children who are lost from their families as a result of her actions. She's gonna And love this question by John Carl of a BC watch what he asks JD Vance play this clip. Let me ask you about this for just, just very quickly. I heard Donald Trump before this debate.


Describe Kamala Harris as I'll just read a few of them. A low IQ individual, somebody who doesn't have the mental capacity to be president, really dumb, unable to put two sentences together. Is that what you saw on the stage tonight, John? What I saw was a lot of slogans. I think the American people are smart and Kamala Harris talks to them like their children. She repeats these ridiculous platitudes where if you actually think about what she said, you realize that it doesn't make any sense. She talks a lot about her plans, but then her plans when you analyze the substance don't make any sense. and more importantly, John, the American people don't get fed on plans. She has been well, There you have it folks. Hit subscribe.


Let's get two, 4 million, 5 million, 6 million subscribers together. Have a great day. Real quick, meta just changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.