
The NBA 82 game grind is done and now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast. Terms. Apply


State regime Media known as Fox is in a collapse mode. Their panicking, they don't know what to do because Trump's main issue, immigration, the American people by and large disapprove of now poll after poll, including the Fox poll, this is the New York Times Sienna poll showed the majority of Americans disapprove of Donald Trump on immigration. Now, Americans disapprove of Donald Trump on every single issue and his approvals the lowest of any modern president at this point under 100 days by far. But on that issue of immigration that has Fox in panic mode, what are they going to do?


So Fox strategized and their plan was just to go extra gutter, extra disgusting. So Greg Gutfeld, one of the Fox hosts, basically accuses the judge, Hannah Dugan, who Trump's FBI arrested and charged with obstruction of justice a Milwaukee County circuit court Judge. The feds busted into her courthouse, into her courtroom and arrested her. I'll talk a little bit more about in a second, but now the Fox hosts are accusing her of to use gret, Gutfeld words, banging, having sex with immigrants. That's how they're going with it.


That's how they're doing this on Fox right now. Here, play the clips. So you can see for yourself, This isn't even about political ideology or even immigration. We're seeing judges who clearly lean towards a specific side. They're called activist judges, but that's a contradiction. Judges are not activists, they are judges. Maybe this judge has a backstory with this illegal. Could it be it's not just the gavel that she's banging. Shannon. I want Now folks, I'm doing a lot of other takes on this situation involving Judge Hannah Dug and Donald Trump posted about it. Pam Bondi, Trump's attorney general posted about it. FBI Director Cash Patel posted, then deleted, then posted back up. This is horrific folks, to have a state court judge in Milwaukee County, that's her courtroom for the feds to try to launch an operation to arrest a migrant inside her courtroom who showed up for a guy his court date before the judge.


And all Judge Dugan said, it's like, you wanna arrest the guy? Go. You could arrest him outside at his home somewhere else. This is my courtroom. I'm trying to administer justice right now. Stop interfering. You are obstructing with my court proceeding. It would be unheard of before this Trump regime to send the feds to launch sting operations inside judicial proceedings, state court proceedings where the state judge is trying to hold an individual accountable under state law. And here's Pam Bondi, who's basically at this point, just another Fox host. I mean her title is Attorney General, but she doesn't really even do that. She just is a host of Fox every day.


Here's what she says yesterday, play this clip. What's happened to our judiciary is beyond me. Yeah. So when, when the American public hears this and they think these were once upstanding people in their communities and and and there are professions and they put it all on the line for this, I have you dug into their motive, like what inspired them to, to carry out these acts and harbor criminals? They're deranged is all I can think of. I I, I cannot believe I, I think some of these judges think they are beyond and above the law and they are not. And we're sending a very strong message today. If you are harboring a fugitive, we don't care who you are. If you are helping hide one, if you are giving a TDA member guns, anyone who is illegally in this country, we will come after you and we will prosecute you.


You know, we'll find, you know, if, if I could just, and again, it's the lawlessness of this administration. I want you to think about it like this though. Now this specific migrant in Milwaukee County, he showed up for his court hearing. The judge state court judge was administering justice. Whether that individual would go to jail. Individual was charged with I think domestic violence. But he showed up for his court hearing. If the Trump regime is gonna do stings in state courthouses, you think that people are gonna show up for their court hearings in the future? No, you're gonna cause more crime by doing it this way. Stop interfering with state court proceedings.


And as the judge said, as Dugan said, you wanna arrest him? Go arrest him at the house somewhere else. This is my courthouse. What are you doing here? Here's Pam Bondi again. Play this clip. See these judges trying to obstruct your efforts to make this country safer. What is your message to them? We are going to prosecute you and we are prosecuting you. I found out about this the day it happened. We could not believe actually that a judge really did that. We looked into the facts in great depth. That's her picture up on the screen. Hannah Dugan, who is now in custody, you cannot obstruct a criminal case and really shame on her. It was a domestic violence case of all cases.


And she's protecting a criminal defendant over victims of crime. In Fact, she just, and I think Jessica Tarlov put the argument into the right context here during the show. The five play this clip. Now you're talking about this woman, a county judge. And when Pam Bondy comes out there and says, we will come after you and we will prosecute you, we will find you. That is meant to have a chilling effect. They didn't need to law again. They didn't, But they did apologize. Did not need to. Adults have to do the adult job and it's not gonna Be popular. You know what the adult job is, first of all, not announcing this on social media, having to take it down and then putting it back up. The adult thing to do would be to have called her in and have her come in and have a conversation about it.


They didn't need to publicly arrest this woman. They wanted to make, I have the idea somebody, but you need to make a show of it. Somebody who's, but everyth is for the cameras. Somebody, somebody who's Asked, here she is again, play this clip right here. But yes, in our Fox News polling, you see an approval, positive approval for the president on border security. But he is underwater in terms of handling immigration. And now that's true across the board on all the major polls. We've seen it in Reuters, you see it in Quinnipiac, you see it in the u gov poll. Americans have only seen three months of what this administration is doing in terms of immigration. And they went from approving it 10 plus points to a strong disapproval. And that's because it feels completely lawless.


And Greg says these are activist judges. The Supreme Court, a conservative court that Donald Trump himself was able to pack is not an activist I'm talking about about her. No, I'm talking, but it's about all of them. He's gone against the Supreme Court, but that, I didn't say that he's gone against the Fourth Circuit. Fourth Circuit, a Reagan appointee who wrote that decision. But on Fox, they, you know, they have these like legal analysts, like this guy John Turley, like the worst law professor ever. And he's out there saying, of course you should be able to arrest state court judges. You can't use your office to shield somebody from law enforcement. Hey Turley, the judge, the state court judge wasn't trying to shield anybody, trying to go about her duty as a state court judge and going about proceedings without having a courtroom raided by the feds while she's under her judicial immunity.


And while she's under her judicial duties here play this clip, You can't use your office to shield someone from law enforcement. And you become part obviously of the law breaking. Yeah, It seems like a lot of hubris involved to think that you can get away with something like that. Professor Turley, thank you so much. Thank you for giving up your Friday night to be here.


So you may know this about me, but I'm a new father and with everything that's going on in the world, if I wasn't already in protect my family mode, I'm particularly so with all the uncertainty taking place right now. So look, I'm focused on life insurance. So I don't just protect my family now, but I protect them in the future. And so for me, when I go think about life insurance, I want to make sure that I'm getting the best. That's why I go to Select Quote, Select Quote is one of America.


So you got this guy on Fox right here who's trying to basically take the role of Jesse Waters. So he's like auditioning because Jesse Waters was off for the day. And this guy's like, ah, you know what? I don't like due process. I'm an American, I don't like due process. And then he uses the name. This is what they always do. They use the name of people who have died, who have been murdered by migrants to basically say that's why we need to throw out due process. What due process did the victim get? They didn't get due process. With all due respect, this whole argument about these Venezuelan gang members or people who say they aren't in a gang, but they've got MS 13 in code on the knuckles.


That's a to say, to say that, well, whatever it not everybody photo. We've also sat here and argued against using tattoos to say if someone's a member of MS 13, so anyone who has a tie to MS 13 or the government suspects of it, if you tell me that they deserve due process, I tell you that I know Lake and Riley's dad and I would go out and kick every one of them off this coun out of this country just because of Laken Riley. So when Frederica Wilson said something like they're more people are getting rolled up because of Laken Riley, you're damn right they are because this whole country saw what happened to Laken Riley and we said hell no. So is your point that the United States government should be like a murderer and not give people due process?


You know, the purpose of due process is the idea that our government is above that. That people have certain presumptions of innocence And that the government needs to show evidence because the government is not supposed to be barbaric. The government is not supposed to be a murderer. The government is supposed to evaluate justice through a legal prism. The fact that you even have to lecture these people on it, that they're beyond due process, right? Or they just go right past due process to me tells you everything you need to know. Hat tip right here to our friend, democratic Congress member Jake Alkens who went on one of these Fox shows, the Will Kane Show.


And he schooled the host, will Kane watch this play, this glit, It's three years from now and instead of a Republican president, it's a Democrat president. And this Democratic president says, you know this journalist will Cain man, he's really irritating me and so I'm gonna lock him up and I'm gonna accuse him of sedition and libel. And you call your lawyer and you say, whoa, I wanna get a hearing in front of a judge. And the democratic president says, Nope, will Cain is not legally a citizen because he committed crimes in the past that deprive him of due process and you don't get a hearing. What I'm telling you is that unless we ensure that everybody in this country gets to stand in front of a judge, everybody in this country cannot be confident that they will be able to stand in front of a judge when their political opponents get power Con Congressman, I'm confident that your hypothetical wouldn't even play out under a Democrat president.


And I'm confident that you don't believe that. Why? Either I'm confident that you don't believe that this President will just said this president, this president just said he wants to apply his extradition of immigrants to El Salvador next to American citizens talked. Do you understand what talked about where this leads the slippery slope that it takes us to you until somebody gets to stand in front of a judge. We don't know whether they're illegal. We don't know what crimes they have been convicted of. The point is, is that politicians don't get to be judge, jury and executioner. They have to go through the courts of law. Congressman, I'm well aware now of what you're referencing. I'm not always well aware of every single thing uttered from the President of the United States mouth, but I am well aware of the statement he issued from the Oval Office about possibly expanding the El Salvadorian deportations to homegrown criminals.


He did say very clearly in that clip we'd have to obey the law, not once but twice homegrown criminals. But we'd have to obey the law. The reason I stick on that detail, Congressman, is that I feel like your party, even in your hypothetical that you just gave to me, is doing, is playing into fear mongering. You're trying to convince the American citizen that they are going to be in the same situation as an illegal immigrant who's accused of being a member of MS 13 domestic violence and human smuggling. And it's simply not realistic. In fact, it's fearmongering to suggest to the American people that somehow deporting Kilmore, rego Garcia means next they're gonna deport Will Cain.


Yeah, I think fearmongering is when the president tries to blame Canada for our problems, right? I'm not fear mongering defending the core principle of freedom. Freedom from fear. And again, that means an individual should be able to walk to a CVS and buy some shaving cream without having to ask the clerk to unlock it for them. We absolutely need to address public safety and open air drug use and homelessness in our downtowns 'cause people should be able to go around their daily life and have that freedom. But it also means that they are free from government intruding upon their personal liberty. That is a thousand year old tradition of the Anglo-Saxon legal code. I thought here was an interesting moment too. Where on the Fox Business Show, the Varney Show.


Varney asked the MAGA Republican congress woman from Michigan, Lisa McClain. Alright, Lisa, has Trump done any deals? Like has he brought manufacturing to your district? Are you aware of that? She's like, no. But he's brought back hope. We feel hope. Now hope play this clip. No, you feel like you're in a cult is what it feels Here, play this clip. Has the president's policies thus far brought any new manufacturing jobs to your district? Yeah, look, we have almost $5 trillion. I think it's closer to six now of investment that President Trump has brought back to the United States.


Apple is putting in a new facility that is gonna affect our district, but the number one thing that the president is bringing to our state, and specifically my district, is hope we haven't had hope in so long. Look, Michigan ranks third behind California in New York for manufacturing jobs lost. The President is trying to level the playing field and trying to be a job creator for manufacturing jobs that is critical for our state and my community. Well, there you have it, folks. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


You saw it for yourself. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100% USA Union made.