
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook. Gambling problem? Call one 800 GAMBLER.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros. All from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantisx X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next with Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself. And ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


What a total and utter mess. State regime. Media known as Fox was, I think California Governor Gavin Newsom literally broke Fox because the whole day yesterday you had like Fox propagandists like Jesse Waters saying So what? Governor Newsom's calling Donald Trump a strong man. Isn't that a compliment? Strong man, that's a good thing. Like being super strong. Watch what Fox propagandist, Jesse Water says here play this clip. So he's calling him a strong man. I think that's a compliment for Donald Trump. I hear strong man, the guy's in a bunker like Biden with a prerecorded video. Oh this is an attack on democracy.


They're really gonna go with a dictator hoax. They got more desperate than that than you had Jesse Waters go. You, you know. You know what? Because of what Newsom said, I think Trump should go harder. He needs to break the, break the back of these people, break the back of these ice resistance or here play this clip. Maybe the crazy base on the left thinks it's good 'cause they love to see the country burn, but it's not good. These illegals, Jessica think they're living in Mexico, they're waving the Mexican flag. They don't like America. They love living in LA 'cause LA is great. It's nicer than Mexico and you get free housing, free healthcare, free food. They don't even lay a finger on you. That's the problem here.


They think they own the country. They don't respect the laws and they don't respect the law enforcement. I think Trump should go harder. He needs to break the back of this ice resistance and make sure everybody understands that this thing's not gonna slow down. You can't be held hostage in your own country by foreigners. 'cause that's what this is. It's an extortion attempt. Every time you try to enforce the law, we're gonna burn stuff. That's not how it works. And then I love this where you have the only pro-democracy voice on Fox. Jessica Tarlov on that show, the five. She does a great job. I'm a big fan of Tarlo and she goes, you do realize, Jesse, that Gavin Newsom is speaking to the majority of Americans. You saw the recent Quinnipiac poll, which has Donald Trump at a negative 12 approval or a negative 11 approval on or total approval of Trump.


Negative 12, negative 11 on immigration, negative 16 on deportation. Watch Tar Loft put him in his place. Gavin Newsom is speaking for a majority of Americans. Right before we came on air, there was a new Quinnipiac poll that was released. So Donald Trump negative 12 on approval in general, negative 11 on immigration and ne negative 16 on deportations. He has taken his best issue and decimated it by making these de deportations in a hasty way. It used to be go after the criminals. That's what we heard was going to happen. Now it's go to the nail salons, go to the job sites, go to birthday parties, go to immigration courts. There is now no right way to do it.


There is no way to be part of the system. Pay your taxes, make a better life for your family and hopefully get citizenship. Steven Miller is mad because they were deporting less people on a daily basis than Joe Biden was. So he went and he said, go to seven 11 and you go to Home Depot. And now Americans and Illegals who, yes, they're here illegally are living in fear of what the government is trying to do. And the just one more thing. The GOP caucus, like Valejo Gonzales representatives, they know that this is bad. Valejo saying, please prioritize removal, known criminals. Gonzales focus on convicted criminals, not farm laborers.


Okay, so then Jesse Waters comes back and he's like, I'm not a moron. I'm not stupid. And then a moron play this clip And just uses one of these little scissors. I'm very dextrous. How do you know what a cuticle is? Brett asked me to ask you, A cuticle is the part of the nail that meets the skin. Okay? I'm not a moron, Jessica, despite what I sound like. This is how you know California Governor Newsom and the majority of Americans, the pro democracy forces who have now woken up how they're winning this debate. So then Jesse Waters and then Fox, they have to pivot. What are we gonna talk about? What do we talk about Simone Biles.


Let's talk about Simone Biles apologizing to Riley Gaines. This manu stupid dispute that Fox has been manufacturing and talking about Simon Simone Biles. That's what we talk about, right? Let's focus on Simone Biles. Like there's about to be a major war in the Middle East. Donald Trump has destroyed American economy. But let's talk about Simone Biles here, play this clip. First Of all, is it ever a good idea to get in the middle of two women having something like this? No. No. That's why I just wanna lay back and hope she trains for la. If we start messing with her head, she's mentally weak. Remember the one time she Jessie, we have to make sure she meddles. Okay, so I'm gonna lay off her, but I will say this.


She pulled an Elon, oh, I'm sorry for some of the things I said. Come on. Do you remember the days when PR teams would have to like walk back something that you said that was based Now they walk back. When you say stuff woke. I love it. We are so back right now. This shows the power of Fox too. This woman, RI Gates did the full kill meet, I think maybe six shows and 48 hours and just put so much pressure on Simone. And by the way, that's what they were talking about a lot in the day. Like, let's focus on Simone Biles. You know what, let's bring on Riley Gaines. They bring on freaking Riley Gaines. I don't even understand this dispute.


Riley Gaines pretends that she's like a champion athlete. I think she came in like fifth place. Simone Biles is a, a gold medalist over and over again. And then they bring on Ri Gaines. Like, I guess this is the mentality of Fox to like attack the gold medalists and support people who are not like first, second, I guess, or even third. And then they're like, you are an American hero. Ri you're, you're an American hero, an American hero. And by the way, I don't even want to really learn about what this dispute is even about because there are ice agents who are going into factories and schools and courthouses and restaurants and disappearing people.


We have the Trump regime taring the world. We have Donald Trump holding a military parade for himself. I I think there may be more important things than what Riley Gaines is, whoever this even is is man about, but okay, sure. Play this clip. Just wanted to say you're a hero for young women. Women, that's right. But also for men. You're an American hero. Yes, that's right. And I, and I'm glad to be on the couch with you today. Well, Thank you Charles. That's very sweet. Yeah, that's right. And definitely I know I, we all grew up with posters of athletes on our wall. And you'd be my athlete on the wall for sure. Cha continued champion. But, okay, ri tell us te tell, tell us how you really feel. I think a lot of people took issue with the fact people took issue. There's real issues taking place and I don't think this is one of them play this clip.


What do you think the message is now that she has shaped for these young women that used to look up to her? I, I think the thing a lot of people took issue with is, of course the body shaming portion of this. Where she's referring to me as someone with a male stature. First of all, I'm five foot five. I wouldn't say that's overly tall for a woman. Maybe compared to someone who's four foot eight, that might seem like a giant. But to most women, that's, that's relatively standard. I'm about a hundred thirty, a hundred thirty five pounds, not overly big. Yes, I'm muscular. I think that's part of being an athlete. And if anyone would understand that, you would imagine it would be Simone Biles. Because I'm telling you, Fox wants to distract and trap people to talk about like penises and vaginas.


Like, like, oh, are you trans? Are you straight? Are you gay? Are you do that? Like, what are you even talking about? Like these fox hosts, they wake, they wake up every day and like, like y'all are weird. If this is what you're thinking about every day, just treat human beings like humans. Treat people with dignity, treat people the way you want to be treated. And just stop with the bullying.


So you ever try to sleep with one mosquito in the room, that high pitched, buzzing near your ear. The frantic lights on, lights off routine, trying to find it only to wake up the next morning covered in bites. That used to be me every summer night in my house until I reached my breaking point. Introducing this episode, sponsor Bgo Iris, your smart home mosquito detector. Bgo Iris is a cutting edge device that uses computer vision and AI to detect, track and pinpoint mosquitoes in real time. No more guessing, no more swatting at thin air. Just a simple precise way to finally take control of your space. It scans your room 24 7, even in total darkness, thanks to its Night Vision Tech. When it spots a mosquito, it marks it with a safe laser and instantly alerts you through the app. Whether you're in the room or halfway around the world. It's chemical free, eco-friendly, and honestly it's kind of genius. And if you're traveling Bgo Hass got a travel mode too. So stop losing sleep over mosquitoes. Take back your nights with Bgo. Go to bgo.com/discount/midas and save 10% off. That's BZIG o.com/discount/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. And use that code Midas to get 10% off. Say goodbye to itchy bites and sleepless nights. Thank you Bgo for sponsoring this episode.


Alright, so then Fox, then Fox talks about the Trump's disastrous trade deals. 'cause we're what we're approaching the 90 deals in 90 days and he's done zero deals in 90 days. And then they did this embarrassing, like not a deal. It's not an agreement. They call it a framework with China in London, right? So back in May, the United States caved to China and reduced tariffs from 145% to 30%. Then China reduced its tariffs from 125% to 10%. And they called that a consensus. So then they said they were gonna agree to have talks.


So then they talked in London over the past few days. And then they said, we've agreed to a framework to implement the consensus, a framework to implement the consensus. And then watch Ingraham talk to Howard Lutnick about what this is. And he's like, we ate chicken, we ordered fried chicken. These are the most unserious, excuse me, I don, I don't mean to name call like pathetic and dumb and disingenuous people here play this clip. But I want you to know for lunch, for lunch, we had British pizza and they ordered Kentucky fried chicken. Ooh. So, so Mr. Secretary, you, you, after spending, after spending this time with them, you trust them.


You trust them. I, I think the way it works with the Chinese is you have to respect them. You have to respect them and it has to be a win-win. But the answer is when you send us magnets, we'll remove our countermeasures. It balanced. That's what Donald Trump said. That's what we're going to do. So I have confidence this is gonna work. Otherwise they just want plastic. Yeah, we won't have magnets. They won't have plastic. Well let's, they won't have planes. Yeah, I have an idea. I know you have time on. So we got the cards, we've got cards. I have an idea. Why don't we make our own rare earth materials and that's gonna require an industrial policy. There you go. So We can compete against China. So they don't have anything over us.


And then I guess to her credit, I don't want to give Laura Ingram credit for anything. She points out that China actually, from whatever this framework is, China outmaneuvered the United States. Because China basically said in six months, we will have the right to stop sending you in the United States. Rare earth minerals and magnets and things like that. That's why the United States trade representative and commerce secretary and treasury secretary rushed to China or rushed to cave again to China in London because American companies were about to run out of their rare earth minerals and they wouldn't be able to build things. So ingrahams like, so why are you doing an expiration date in six months?


Doesn't that mean China can just dangle this over your head? And then Howard Lutnick in his typical snake oil salesman way is like, no, no, no. That's actually a good thing here. Play this clip. President announced early this morning that the China deal is done. He said, and I know you just got back from London engaged in two days of negotiating with your counterparts though Wall Street Journal and others are reporting that while that framework is in place and that there's China supposedly going back to G about it, which seems a little odd, but, but, but I understand the rare earth ease up on the export of rare earth materials that we desperately need because we don't produce them here.


That that has an expiration date. Mr. Secretary, why is that expiration date there? No, come on. Doesn't it give them, does it give them leverage over us? You gotta realize, so what happened is they, they cut their tariffs, we cut our tariffs and then they started slow rolling these magnets. And what these magnets are, they're a teeny little product that goes in every motor. It's like part of the starter. It's a small business for us, but everybody needs it. So when they started slow rolling us, what did we do? We do, we stopped delivering them ethane. We give them all of their ethane. You know what ethane makes plastic. So good luck running an economy without plastic. We stopped sending them plane parts and 250 of their planes were on the ground, right?


Because they need our plane parts, right? Marco Rubio said, I'm not taking your students anymore. They can just go home and all these kind of moves basically equaled the nonsense that they were doing to us. We got together the president and you know, president Trump and President Xi, they got on the phone. President Trump took a positive view. He said, we're great friends. Come on, let's just put this negative stuff behind us and let's make the world a better place Then. Then Howard Lutnick tries to act like the fact that there's 55% tariffs from China into the United States, which is a 55% tax on Americans is a good thing.


The China tariffs are 10%, meaning China's only taxing its people 10%. 'cause why are you taxing your people? And China has found export markets in Europe now and Australia and Canada and elsewhere, and the United States has basically been cut out. But let's see what Howard Lunik has to say here, play this clip. So We said to him, I said, you wanna stop fentanyl, just stop it the way you did magnets. You don't wanna stop it, you can pay you 20%. So they're staying at 30%. Donald Trump in the first term put 25% on, that's where they are, right? They charge us 10%. So we're in an excellent place making huge amounts of money, doing things correctly with China, reducing the trade deficit.


And now we're gonna get on to talking to 'em about doing more trade. Now bring on Lori Chavez Dreamer, and then she basically threaten, she basically says that the pres, the president's gonna have talks with the Federal Reserve chairman about dropping interest rates. Okay? The president needs to stay the hell out of that stuff when he doesn't know what he's talking about. Play this clip. Are we not gonna see a Drop in interest rates this year? Well the president has been again, focused on how we'll have those conversations with the Fed and the reserve. The Department of Labor doesn't really weigh into that, but we'll usually when we see inflation go down, we're gonna see interest rates go down. So I'm anxious to see the conversations that the president is gonna continue to, to weigh in on because what we wanna see is more affordability in our housing market.


And similarly, you had Howard Lutnick kind of make the same threat to the chairman of the Federal Reserve. Play this clip it. It's unbelievable that you know, Jerome Powell is just sitting around waiting. You know, the president calls him too late, you know, he's just too late. Powell. I mean, why? Why hasn't he cut? I mean, you remember if he cut interest rates 1% and he got Europe cutting like crazy, you realize that saves America $300 billion a year. It's unbelievable how much we would save if he did his job and he cut interest rates. The economy is ready for it, it's easy. Inflation is low. Come on, He's gotta do his job Soon. Oh, then bring on Tulsi Gabbard who says, you know what?


We're focusing our resources in the intelligence community and the FBI is, who is funding these protests? Who are the people? There are ads being put up on Craigslist, thousands of dollars a week ago to be involved in riots. There's not a conspiracy that these people will not spread, but they're always telling on themselves like, this must be the stuff that they're actually doing. But watch Tulsi Gabbard play this clip. Can you tell us about the orchestration, the financing, and and is Gavin either whether he knows it or not, actually siding with the cartels here, Whether he knows it or not.


He is certainly, again, this is something that the Department of Justice and the FBI is looking into. Who is funding these protestors? We've seen, you know, the ads put up on Craigslist offering people thousands of dollars a week to go out and and conduct these violent and dangerous riots in the streets of not only Los Angeles, but we saw earlier in Chicago and New York and other, other other cities across the country. Then By the way, did you see that Tulsi Gabbard posted this bizarre video of herself to spread Russia propaganda the other day. And she was like, if she's basically implying that if we don't help out Russia and put more pressure on Ukraine, there will be nuclear annihilation.


Children's skin will peel off their faces. It will be a nuclear winter. I mean, it was the craziest video. I'll just show you a small portion of it here. Play this clip Condemning survivors to agonizing deaths or lifelong suffering. A nuclear winter could follow with smoke and ash completely blocking the sun, plunging the world into darkness and cold killing crops and starving billions. Acid rain would scar the earth wiping out entire ecosystems. This isn't some made up science fiction story. This is the reality of what's at stake, what we are facing now. Oh, and then Jesse Water's logic.


How does Trump provoke violence if he lives in Washington? That's what you're going with. How does Trump provoke violence if he lives in Washington? Play this Clip and they can't even get their story straight. All right, first there was no riot, then there was a riot, then it was peaceful, then it was mostly peaceful. Then Trump provoked the violence. Now how does Trump provoke violence if he lives in Washington? He wasn't out there doing anything. So the National Guard provoked the riots because I didn't see a single National Guardsman melt down a Waymo or lewd a store. Not one. Well, There you have it folks. A very strange stuff. But you see Gavin Newsom literally broke Fox yesterday.


Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. We're almost at 5 million. Let's try to get there soon. Can't get enough? Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Everything from clothing to household items are getting more expensive each day. The world of fast fashion has complicated clothing production by outsourcing around the world to whoever can sew them the cheapest. And now you the consumer, are paying the price with rising costs. American Giant is about keeping things simple and close to home. They aren't affected by tariffs because their products never leave the us. So when you buy from American Giant, you're taking a stand for hardworking people, local communities, and quality clothes. American Giant directly supports American manufacturers and ensures you aren't footing that tariff Bill. Support American made, tariff free clothing with American Giant. With American Giant. Get 20% off your first order when you use promo code Staple twenty@american-giant.com. That's 20% off when you use Code Staple twenty@americangiant.com.