
First off, look at Donald Trump's makeup during his interview with Maria Bar Roma on Fox, another propaganda fest. But I also want to contrast that to Governor Wall's appearance on Fox as well. I think Governor Walls has been doing some good common sense appearances on Fox. But here's Donald Trump telling Maria Bar aroma that he will be the protector of women. And that's why he claims that women like him. 'cause he says he protects them. Here, play this clip. I also think I'm doing really good with women. 'cause women want protection. They want, it's About security. They want security. They don't want have migrants coming into their backyard. And I'm gonna get the migrants out.


Mr. President, I know that you Then Donald Trump attacks the European Union. Notice he always praises Vladimir Putin, president G of China, Kim Jong-un. But when it comes to our actual allies, he attacks them. Watch this, play the clip. We've been screwed by Mexico and by China, and by Canada and by the European Union. Oh, European Union. It sounds so nice. The villages of the European Union, right? They are brutal. When you add up all of those countries, they're about the same size as us. They're a little bit smaller. And the European Union takes advantage of us unbelievably. But, and Then Donald Trump says that he will send the United States military against American citizens who don't like him.


Just be clear what he's saying here. He's saying that he will use the US military to go after who he claims are the enemies from within who he claims are leftists who don't like him. Play this clip. Let's not, let's, let's remember you've got 50,000 Chinese nationals in this country in the last couple of years. Yeah. You got people on the terrorist watch list. 350 in the last couple of years. You've got, like you said, 13,000 murderers and 15,000 rapists. Right? What are you expecting? Joe Biden said he doesn't think it's gonna be a peaceful election day. Well, he doesn't have any idea what's happening in fer as he spends most of his day sleeping. I think the bigger problem is the enemy from within.


Not even the people that have come in and destroying our country, by the way, totally destroying our country. The towns, the villages. They're being inundated. But I don't think they're the problem in terms of election day. I think the bigger problem are the people from within. We have some very bad people. We have some sick people, radical left lunatics. And I think they're the, and, and it should be very easily handled by, if necessary by national gut or if really necessary by the military, because they can't let that happen. You talk, And again, you won't hear corporate media talking about this. They won't be raising the red alarm. Donald Trump quite literally using Nazi rhetoric, using Hitler rhetoric, we call it out here on the Midas Touch Network.


Contrast that to Governor Wall's appearance. And notice the framing's very different. They fawn over Donald Trump's propaganda. And then when they speak to Governor Walls and they ask him about like, delivering services to you and me, to we, the people, improving infrastructure and roads and making sure that we, you, your family gets healthcare and better education and actual services, like using government to lift people up, not bludgeon people and push 'em down in Donald Trump's authoritarian, dystopian world. They're like, so that's socialism, isn't it? And Governor Walls is like, what are you talking about? I think that people shouldn't have to be responsible for quite literally digging the roads for themselves outside government should do things also for the people and not just work for billionaires.


How, how about that concept, Fox? Here's Governor Waltz. Let's play it. You've moved to the left. I think that is fair to say. Here's what the Intelligencer says. It Waltz had a fairly conservative voting record in Congress where he represented a red district. He used that record to win the governorship and then moved sharply left. Here's something that you said weeks ago. Don't ever shy away from our progressive values. One person's socialism is another person's neighborliness. Okay. So Miriam Webster dictionary on socialism says it's a system of society or group living in which there's no private property or this condition of society in which the means of production are owned and controlled by the state.


Did you mean to advocate for that here in the us? N no, no. Shannon, look, I'm a capitalist. I was making the point of is Republicans oftentimes talk about socialism. And what I would make the case of is we build our roads collectively together. I don't think anybody's arguing that you should have to build your own road from your house to your business place or whatever. So I said this definition that the right uses about this things that we collectively do together, that, look, I'm, I'm believe in moral capitalism. I believe capitalism works and it lifts everyone up. But I also believe you have to make sure that there's things that we collectively do together. We educate our children by using our public schools. We build roads. We do some of the things like public health where we work together.


So the point being on this is of trying to divide that. But you certainly can't have a capitalism that says billionaires get everything and the middle class gets nothing. And I think Kamala Harris's point on this is lifting up the middle class, making an opportunity economy, making housing affordable, making drug prices more affordable. That's what we're talking about. And so I said, don't listen to them tell you that these things that we can do together, but also we want people to succeed. And when you succeed, all we're asking is that you pay your fair share. I'm excited when people become, if if they make it, their business grows, they become wealthy. That's fine. Just pay your fair share and then all of us do better. Okay, so the word, did you not mean to use the word socialism?


Was it a knucklehead thing or did you mean to use it? No, it was, it was, it was what the right uses that there, would you describe Shannon and your viewers that building roads as socialism? No, but that's also not the government controlling all property and means of funding those roads and taking from you. That's right. And I, I'm not saying you don't have your private funds, although people would argue about taxes. Some people argue They do feel like it feels Atory. Well, No, we made no, we made no problem. Look, the the point being is, is Donald Trump says that this is a socialist or Marxist government. Kamala Harris is actually doing just the opposite of that, creating a free economy that works and people can grow into the middle class. So I think the argument here is, is that just trying to blanket over, most people recognize that the infrastructure act is creating massive private wealth because of building that out together.


And that's what Kamala Harris has done. Understanding that the things that government should do, government can do the things that private sector can do. They should, okay, that's a big difference from Donald Trump skewing things towards the wealthy. Then the interview with JD Vance, where he basically, once again, endorses a national abortion ban. 'cause he said that before. It's what he says. He, he, he probably wants abortion bans that look like the most drastic ones. 'cause that's also what he said. But here, watch this class. Okay, I wanna get to the Trump and bans approach when it comes to abortion. Clearly that's one of the issues that appears to be leading to this gender gap that you guys have a disadvantage with. Governor Waltz, when he joined us last week, said here that you have supported a national abortion ban in the past.


He may been referring to this position you took in 2022. This is from your senate debate. Then You would vote for Lindsey Graham's 15 week ban. As I just said, I think it's totally reasonable to say you cannot abort a baby, especially for elective reasons after 15 weeks of gestation. No civilized country allows it. Okay? So not a a federal ban per se on the, the procedure everywhere. But if you're talking about 15 or 20 week ban nationally, that is going to cut off access to a lot of people who have greater access in a number of different states. Now, you've talked about how this is back to the States. Has your position on that changed? Would you vote for something that was a 15, 20 week ban at the national level?


Well, Shannon f first of all, I do think it's reasonable to say at a certain level, late term abortions are barbaric if they're done for elective reasons. Of course you have to have the exceptions. But late term abortions for elective reasons, is something that no civilized country allows. And certainly there is a contrast here between Governor Wal and Kamala Harris. They want late term abortions funded by taxpayers forced on Christian hospitals. And that's not something that Donald Trump and I like, but within, okay, but when you talk about a 15 or 20 week, Shannon, People will say, that sounds like a national ban. I mean, we're just playing with semantics here. No, no. It, it, it, it, it's, it's not Shannon. Because look, president Trump, who of course is the leader of the Republican Party, has explicitly said that he would not support a national abortion ban.


He has said that he thinks this issue should be left to the states. That is the official policy of the Republican Party in this election. And it's something that clearly President Trump believes in. And I, and I think it's important to say why Shannon? Because it illustrates how different our approaches are here. President Trump recognizes that California is a different state from Alabama, which is a different state from Pennsylvania. We want the voters in these states to make these decisions. We're sick of the nationalized culture war over this topic. And I think the best way is to return it to the voters in the states. President Trump has certainly made that the official policy of our party. I, And then JD Vance Dodges a question on Fox when he's asked, where would people deliver service?


How would people get reproductive healthcare services if you gonna shut down Planned Parenthood? Because one of JD Vance's platforms publicly is shutting down all Planned Parenthoods across the country. That's what they will do. Also on day one, mass deportations send the government after American citizens who don't like Donald Trump shut down Planned Parenthood. That's what they're saying they're going to do. Believe them when they tell you who they are, believe them. Here's JD Vance though. Play the clip party. And quickly on Planned Parenthood, you guys have talked about defunding them taking away government funding. They say that no US taxpayer funding can fund to abortion, can flow to abortion at any stage. But they say they do hundreds of thousands of cancer screenings, birth control, which they say actually prevents another 500,000 abortions a year and all kinds of other testing and medication contraception.


Where would those patients go if Planned Parenthood lost the funding? Well, Shannon, what we've said is that we don't want taxpayer funding for abortions. And that of course has been the bipartisan approach over 40 years in this country until frankly, Kamala Harris came along. I know that Planned Parenthood does a lot of things that a lot of young women, a lot of young families need. We're talking about we don't believe in taxpayer funding for abortions. That's been the policy, not just of the Republican Party by the way. But even a lot of Democrats who are pro-choice, who want ri wide access to abortion will say, we don't think taxpayers should be funding this stuff. And that, again, that bipartisan consensus is something President Trump very much supports. Okay? So maybe not a full defunding of Planned Parenthood per se, but anything that you would be able to potentially track, which they say doesn't happen.


But to abortion, we have so many more questions.


Lumen is the world's firsthand held metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath than on the app. It lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives you tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and even stress management. That's why I love it. All you have to do is you breathe into your Lumen first thing in the morning and you'll know what's going on in your metabolism. Whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs, then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for that day based on your measurements. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals so you know exactly what's going on in your body in real time. And Lumen will give you tips to keep you on top of your health game. Your metabolism is your body's engine. It's how your body turns the food you eat into fuel that keeps you going because your metabolism is at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to a bunch of benefits. Includes including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, better sleep, et cetera. Lumen gives you recommendations to improve your metabolic health. It can also track your cycle as well as the onset of menopause. And adjust your recommendations to keep your metabolism healthy through hormonal shifts so you can keep up your energy and stave off cravings. Look, I love Lumen and I know you will too. So if you want to take the next step in improving your health, go to Lumen, LUME n.me/midas To, get 15% off your Lumen. That is LUEN. Do me slash Midas for 15% off your purchase. One more time. Go to Lumen dot me slash midas, LUME n.me/midas and get 15% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Then Donald Trump talks about his tariff plan. He doesn't know what tariffs are. He doesn't know that it's a tax on imports or he just thinks that as long as he says the word tariffs, it's like build the wall and Americans don't know what it is. So just say, I'm going to tariff a nation. But what he's talking about is 500% taxes on American importers. 'cause that's what tariffs are. Play this clip. Your thinking is, is the threat of a 200% tariff sure will stop them from From taking the car. So you won't actually have to do it. So you're not going to actually prices higher of I Go until now. I said 200. I'm using that just as a figure figure. But You say 200 a Lot. Oh, I'll say, well, I'll say a hundred, 200. I'll say 500. I don't care.


They're not gonna bring cars into this country from Mexico and destroy what car companies we have left. But much more than that. I'm Gonna pr here he is again, talking about tariffs play this clip. What About the criticism? And the journal has done this as well, that if you do put something like a 200% tariff on a product, that it's only gonna mean higher prices for consumers. No, it's not then. No, no. It doesn't mean that all It's gotta be passed on somehow. No, all I'm doing is saying I'll put 200 or 500. I don't care. I'll put a number where they can't sell one car into the United. I don't want them to sell the car because I don't want them hurting our car companies. We're gonna have a lot of companies moving into the United States when I use 200.


I'm using it as a number. I don't want their car. They will not be able to sell cars. I'm not gonna let them build a factory right across the border and sell millions of cars into the United States and destroy Detroit further. Then when Maria Bar Roma asks him about the $7.5 trillion in debt that his plan conservatively would add to the budget, it will likely add more than that $7.5 trillion in debt that it would add. Here's what Donald Trump says. Play it. It's because you've said you wanna eliminate taxes on tips. Yeah, eliminate taxes on social security. On overtime pay ending the double taxation, yeah. Of Americans living abroad a proposal to make car loans interest tax deductible.


That was, that was said. You said that in Detroit, you even introduced this 15% corporate tax rate for companies who produce in America and hire American workers. But how will you pay for it? The Committee for Responsible Budget says your plans will increase the debt by $7.5 trillion. But They don't know that. The Wall Street Journal said that your plans will increase the debt and deficits more than Kamala Harris's. If I do this, you're gonna have car companies coming back to the country because of the taxes and the tariffs. The tariffs will protect them when they come in. So they will protect from other companies coming in because if the other companies don't come in, they're gonna have to pay massive tariffs. And that said, so I Was told Donald Trump also says that he's in daily communications with Benjamin Netanyahu, the leader of Israel.


You want to know why that there's that Currently right now there's no ceasefire. One of the reasons is Donald Trump thinks it's a winning issue for him not to have one. He thinks the more chaos in the Middle East benefits him. And he said things like that before play this clip. I thought it was odd that today President Biden said that he spoke with Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu for the first time. Yeah. Pathetic in seven weeks or something. Pathetic. They've been at war for over a year. Certainly. And he hasn't spoken with him in seven weeks. When was the last time you've spoken with Nya? Like two days ago. And he came to my house in Florida.


Mar-a-Lago with his wife was lovely. But he came to my to Marlan. He came to, I guess he was, Yeah, I saw the visit At the White House, maybe the un Is there anything you could share with us in terms of that, the Israel Iran conflict? What would you do? Yeah. To end the war on Israel? I could, I could say, I could tell you that Bibe has been very strong. He, he's not, he is not listening to Biden. Don't Forget it sounds like he stopped sharing information with the US Don forget. Look, Biden is the one that came up with the Afghanistan plan. So yes, Donald Trump is speaking with Vladimir Putin, Benjamin Netanyahu. He's speaking with world leaders to undermine right now America's foreign policy the same way Donald Trump's also killed the bipartisan immigration bill.


Donald Trump's actively spent four years working with MAGA Mike Johnson and others to undermine our government to, to hurt us so that he could be a strong man and come into power by claiming he will fix the pain and be your protector. Just watch what he's doing. Like you, you see it. Right? And so here, MAGA Mike Johnson is already starting on the lie that there's going to be cheating. 'cause he says he's probably not going to certify the election results. So they're leaning in on that already. When Trump loses that they won't certify the election. Play this clip. Now look as, as President Trump says all the time, and I agree our side, what we say at the rallies you've heard is we've gotta make it too big to rig. I think that's really important. I I think there is gonna be some cheating in this election.


I think non-citizens are gonna vote. Look, case in point, You know, that Of the governor, the common Of Virginia, you know, is the law for non-citizens to vote in federal elections. That's established Law. Of course it is. Of course it is. But of course it is. But here's the problem. There's a number of states that are not requiring proof of citizenship when illegals or non-citizens register to vote. We know that's happening. But respectfully speaker, we want, everybody should want the law to be followed. Absolutely. Respectfully speaker, you both in the course of this interview said that you do believe that states have taken measures that will help the integrity of this election. And then you just also That's true. Seem to undermine confidence in the integrity of the Margaret State elections.


No, Margaret, hold on. Wait a minute. Wait, wait just a minute. It's not me undermining it. It's the actions of the Biden Harris administration in some of these states, non-citizens are not allowed to vote under federal law. So if your issue is with certain governors, shouldn't you be talking to them? We have been. We have been. And the Republican governors have done heroic work. They've done their own audits of the, the voter rolls to try to ensure and do their best duty to make sure that we, this is a free fare and legal election we're calling on. Here's Andy Beshear on a BC speaking common sense though about JD Vance. Play the clip hard Work ahead. I'd like to hear quick reaction to what you heard JD Vance talk about.


It's just amazing. The, apparently there is no lie too big for Donald Trump and JD Vance. I mean, when you ask him about the last election, all you're asking him to do is admit reality. And we deserve to have a vice president who believes in democracy and can say, yes, Donald Trump lost the last election and now we're running in this election. And then the lies on, on FEMA and disaster response. Listen, in Kentucky, we went through our worst tornado disaster and our worst flood disaster in our history. And I didn't have to deal with any of the shenanigans that Donald Trump is putting out right now. And as lies can hurt people, I mean, the lying that's $750 is all that's available.


That, that means that individual might not apply for the $40,000 plus in individual assistance. Like, if you truly care about the people that are harmed more than yourself, you wouldn't politicize this. You, you, you wouldn't be putting out all this misinformation governor. And if somebody who is led through natural disasters, it, it, it hurts Governor, Governor. 'cause here's JD Vance refusing to say that he will or refusing to say that Donald Trump lost in 2020 play this clip In interview after interview, question after question. And in the debate you refuse to say that Donald Trump lost the 2020 election. So I'm just gonna assume that I, if I ask you 50 times whether he lost the election, you would not acknowledge that he did.


Is that correct? Martha, you've, you, you asked this question. I've been asked this question 10 times in the past couple of weeks. Of course, Donald Trump and I believe there were problems in 2020. You haven't asked about inflation. The No, I'm sorry. Let's stick to this. Why know? I know American people want us to talk about how to make their lives better. They want us to. Why won't you say that? Because, because Martha, I believe that in 2020 when big tech firms were censoring American citizens, that created very serious problems. And by the way, Martha, you're, you're a journalist. You represent the American media. Look at the polling on this. A lot of Americans feel like they were silenced in the runup to the 2020 election.


That is such a bigger issue. That fundamental problem. I I just, and me and Donald Trump talking about it. And unfortunately worth, I don't understand what, you won't just say Kamala Harris, you believe it. Harris, she's w won't just say what that I think the 2020 election had some problems. I've said that repeatedly. Did Donald Trump lose? That's the question. And you know, that's the question, Martha, I've said repeatedly. I think the 2020 election had problems. You wanna say rigged? You wanna say he won? Use whatever vocabulary term you want. I wanna focus on the fact that we had big technology firms censoring our fellow citizens in a way that violated our fundamental rights.


The fact that you're so obsessed with what your word I used to describe this phenomenon, rather than the phenomenon itself suggests something very broken in the American media. If we wanna restore trust in American elections and democracy, which I want do Martha, we have to talk openly about what happened in 2020. And most importantly, we've gotta talk about what happened afterwards. Okay. Americans being inable to afford the basic necessities of the middle. Thank you Senator. Senator Vance. Because Kamala Harris is in the White House. We're gonna leave it right there. Appreciate your time this morning. Up next, democratic And just seeing how Maga Mike is hardwired for the, for just like cult behavior and program to support strong men authoritarians. Here he is.


He's like, Donald Trump has more stamina than anyone. He's stronger than anybody. These, these people are so pathetic. Watch this. Move On though. We're three weeks from election day, former President Trump continues to make false claims. Let me read you a couple of them. Venezuelan gang members have overrun an apartment complex. He says in Aurora, Colorado, Haitian migrants in Springfield, Ohio are eating cats and dogs. FEMA funds have been redirected to house migrants. Mr. Speaker, all of those claims have been debunked. If former President Trump is so confident No, they haven't in his policies. No they haven't. Yes, they haven't. But if Mr. If former President Trump is so confident in his policies, why not make the argument along policy lines?


Why say things that have been debunked by local officials? President Trump is making all sorts of arguments constantly. He works 24 hours a day. I saw that Kamala Harris issued her medical records. Congratulations. Donald Trump's health is on display for the entire country every hour of every day. He has more stamina and mental acumen and strength than any political figure in probably in the history of the country that I can remember. He goes nonstop. So what he's talking about is the things that the American people care about. This FEMA dollars going to resettle migrants. That is a fact. I mean, that is an objective fact, what he's talking about. It's not the DISA Disaster Relief Fund, but it's another fund that FEMA used to resettle all the illegal aliens that they let across the open border.


Mr. Kamala Harris, the borders are, was the engineer of that. I do have to FEMA funds were not redirected to house migrants That has been debunked. It's a separate fund. FEMA has said as much. That's right's. That's right. But to the substance, why not make, why not make the Argument this i The substance of the policies Mr. Speaker On. I'm, I'm trying to do that. Let me do that. The Federal Emergency Management Agency, fema, as its name implies, should be working on federal emergency management, not resettling illegal aliens that are violating federal law. They're sending MAGA Mikes Judge for yourself. What, what is that? Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million things for watching Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.