(0s):
So as vice President Kamala Harris continues to lead Donald Trump in the major polls, including Fox's own poll. The memo that went out at Fox for the day was Attack the way vice President, Kamala Harris speaks and say on air that she should be speaking more like an Indian woman and less like a black woman not making this up. This was what Fox was saying all day as they continue to lose all control and spiral. So you see the Chiron right there, a cringey way. She's speaking now, Jesse Waters says it more explicitly. Here's what the Fox host Jesse Waters has to say.

(42s):
play this clip. Kamala was raised by an Indian mother in Canada, but now she sounds like Fannie Willis. And then the Fox host in the White House briefing room, Ducey asked the question to the White House press Secretary Kare Jean Pierre about why vice President Kamala Harris speaks the way she does and press Secretary Kare Jean Pierre is like, do you realize that's the stupidest question you could possibly be asking Meina? Like, are you listening to the questions that you're asking here? play this clip different Topic. Since when does the vice President have what sounds like a Southern accent? I have no idea what you're talking about.

(1m 23s):
Well, I mean, this is, She was talking about unions in Detroit using one tone of voice. Is this something That you think? Same line. Okay, Peter, that she, she used the same line in Pittsburgh and it sounded like she at least had some kind of a Southern bra. I Mean, do you hear the question that you're, I mean, do you think Americans seriously think that this is an important question? They care, you know, what they care about? They care about the economy. They care about lowering costs. They care about healthcare. That's what Americans care about. So that's what they want to hear. Well, this is something They care about. Your colleague just asked me about demo. What basically we talked about went back and forth about democracy and freedom. That's what they care about. I agree. I'm not even going to entertain some question about the press.

(2m 6s):
It's just, it, it's just hearing it sounds so ridiculous. Well, but hearing it is The question I'm talking about the questions is, is just insane. Is that how she talks in meetings Here? I, I'm just here, Peter. We're we're moving on. We're still moving around. Go ahead Anita. Thanks. So then Fox knows that Donald Trump is getting crushed on the PR stunt that he tried to pull at Arlington Cemetery, where his campaign physically attacked an Army Cemetery staff member and then called that staff member Mentally ill So. here is Jesse Waters trying to let all the Fox viewers know that there was, there's no even issue in Arlington Cemetery.

(2m 50s):
It's just a mentally ill woman. Now that is every one of these shows with Jesse Waters, the misogyny that we see at Fox Unadulterated and disgusting play this clip. You just, well, wherever Donald Trump goes, he's being filmed just like wherever Biden goes. Yeah, there's film crews there. There's a, just like McCain was filmed there, just like other politicians. You've seen those things used in campaign ads. Now, in terms of the incident, there was no incident, from what I understand, a woman had a mental issue and I don't know if it was TDS or it was something else, but it was handled and it was minor and that was it. This is because M-S-N-B-C went buck wild. 'cause they have nothing else to cover because everything Trump does, they have to make a scandal.

(3m 32s):
They, Then you have Janine Pirro, one of the other hosts on Fox also attack the Army Cemetery worker for enforcing the rules that there shouldn't be campaign PR stunts at Section 60 in Arlington Cemetery. And Janine Pirro says, you either press charges or shut the F up. That's what Janine Pirro says Here, play this clip. And, and in the end, you know this. So-called, you know, a, a apparent ar altercation that took place at a Arlington National Cemetery that Tom was trying to twist into. You know, Donald Trump, his team, he caused a real problem.

(4m 12s):
You know what, if there was an altercation, get yourself an, an affidavit that's sworn to file yourself some criminal charges or shut the F up because the families want you to shut the F up. And they're Now, again, one of the things that I think we've lost sight of, but I always like to bring it up here on the Minus Touch network, is just the language and behavior of these people. I mean, first off, the reason why that Army staff member is not coming forward and pressing the charges, because they know that she like the judges and the jurors and the sta and the court staff and the prosecutors would get attacked and have death threats and their life would be destroyed by maga who engages in stochastic terrorism.

(4m 58s):
But again, just take a look at the language that's used by Trump and Maga. Like when Donald Trump said that if he was in office, he would indict the mother. Effa and He said it like that, but He said the curse. Here, listen, play the clip and, And you don't like somebody. Or if somebody's beating you by 10, 15 or 20 points like we're doing with crook of Joe Biden, let's indict the motherfucker. Let's indict Where Donald Trump goes to churches and curses, he encourages kids at churches to curse. And then this is him at a church in Arizona as kids, and their parents are chanting bs, but saying the curse word here, play this clip.

(5m 46s):
So they Come up with something that's fake, just like everything else they do. It's all fake. The impeachments are fake. The court cases are a disgrace to our country. Everything is fake. So they come up with his order. I, I won't say it because I don't like using the word bullshit in front of these beautiful children. So I won't say it. I will not say it, but this thing allows millions of people. Okay, sorry for that digression over there.

(6m 28s):
Let me get back into this. So then you had Magar Republican, Claudia Tenney. She's talking about the 2020 election being rigged again, 2024. What the MAGA Republicans are talking about is the 2020 election being unfair, where Donald Trump lost by millions and millions of votes got destroyed in the electoral college. And they're still here in 2024. Whining about it, whining here, play the clip Even worse. Maria is coordinating with these nonprofit Democrat groups in order to get Democrat votes in the box. And once those ballots are cast, there is no going back.

(7m 9s):
Which I'm really glad that Laura Trump and Chairman Watley are working on getting our voters out and working on making sure that we have people at the polls so that this election doesn't get taken like it did in 2020, using the apparatus of the IRS tax deductions and also this not-for-profit status. So we've gotta end this now, including passing the Save act By the way which you know, has been controversial. You've talked about on your show, what is controversial about having citizens vote in a country like ours. It's actually illegal under the New York Constitution. And citizens voting is actually something that is the domain of citizens, not non-citizens.

(7m 46s):
Have you Heard of NAD plus? It's a molecule in every cell of your body, and it's critical to aging. Well, NAD plus helps keep us feeling youthful by promoting cellular energy, maintaining healthy DNA, using nutrients efficiently and supporting detoxification by age 50. Most people's NAD plus levels are only half of what they were at age 20 falling. NAD plus levels is a major reason that signs of aging start to accelerate. Luckily, science has discovered a way to boost your NAD plus levels up to 50%. It's called quaia, NAD plus, a groundbreaking supplement from quaia. Many doctors and health experts over age 30 use quaia NAD plus themselves, and I'm proud to have them sponsor this episode. NAD plus is a large molecule that struggles to be bioavailable if you supplement it directly. That's why quaia, NAD plus supports NAD plus the right way by including ingredients called NAD plus precursors that your body can convert into NAD plus to boost your body's own NAD plus production up to 50%. That's great. These are vegan non GMO gluten-free ingredients like niacin, niacinamide, Niagen, also known as nr. These are three of the most, well-researched, NAD plus precursors and all three are in Qualia, NAD plus to maximize your bodies, NAD plus production. Qualia n nad plus is clinically tested and naturopathic doctor formulated. Look, I want to feel decades younger than my actual age. That's why I'm staying at the cutting edge of aging research and boosting my NAD plus levels with quaia, NAD plus after just a month of NAD plus, I'm feeling energy support and vitality return that I haven't felt in years. So to boost your N Ad plus levels up to 50%, go to quality of life.com/ Jordy. I love that for up to 50% off and use code Jordy at checkout for an additional 15% off. That's quality of life spelled Q-U-A-L-I-A-L-I-F e.com/ Jordy. Go to quality of life.com/ Jordy and use code Jordy, spelled J-O-R-D-Y for an extra 15% off your purchase. Thanks Quaia for sponsoring this episode.

(10m 15s):
So then you finally have Laura Ingraham who brings on JD Vance. It's a perpetual reputation rehab that Fox is trying to do for this guy. His net negatives are, he's the least popular VP in American history, least popular VP pick. He's hated, he's loathed American. People think that he's strange and weird and He says really strange and weird things. He's just a bad dude who just tries to divide us. And he's not even good at being a bad dude. He's bad at being a bad dude. That's the best way to describe JD Vance. But here, JD Vance is like, I'm not even paying attention to the polls.

(10m 56s):
They're just trying to make it seem like I'm not popular. So I, I just, I don't even pay attention to it. Here, play the clip Senator. People are, I guess they do these polls and they say, oh, your favorability isn't as high as Tim Waltz is. You know, there's a gender gap for your ticket compared to Harris and Waltz. How do you go to the undecideds at this point, the shrinking pool of people and, and convince them that not only are you serious and you're seriously smart, but you're a regular person. I've known you for a long time, you're really fun, you're really funny. Versus the giggle and vibe show that seems to work for a lot of women voters out there.

(11m 38s):
You know, Laura, my approach to this is just to get out there and meet as many people as possible. And I know this is Donald Trump's approach too. We don't do the scripted stuff. We don't only speak in front of a teleprompter. We actually like to get out there and give some unscripted remarks, some press conferences, and also just, just, you know, go out there and, and talk to people. And that's what I'm gonna keep on doing. Laura, I I don't put much stock in the polls. Even the polls that show us ahead, and there are a lot of those these days. What I put stock in is the wisdom of the American people and the fact that if we go out there, make our case, don't hide behind a teleprompter, but get out there and meet people, the American people are gonna elect me and Donald Trump. I have no doubt about that. We just have to do our work and we've got 65 days to do it.

(12m 19s):
Then one of the things that, you know, Trump and JD Vans and this new MAGA Republican party tried to do, they try to crash the economy. Remember Donald Trump makes all of these posts saying it's a depression. We're going in panic, panic, you know, all of these things. I told you it was going to happen, right? Donald Trump ordered the MAGA Republicans to kill a bipartisan border deal. Donald Trump threatens the chairman of the Federal Reserve not to lower interest rates at all corners. Donald Trump engages in statements that roots against America. 'cause he thinks that if Americans suffer, that's a winning issue for someone who wants to be an authoritarian. So you just blame everything. Meanwhile, I mean, take a look at the Trump media stock.

(13m 0s):
Trump media is down to like $17 or $18 a share. It was down eight points, 8% yesterday, rather. I mean, it's, imagine if that was the American economy right now, like Trump media down 55 to 65% in the past six months. Well, anyway, one, one of the things that MAGA is doing, and you see JD Vans here is saying that the military would not even want to serve under vice President, Kamala Harris. And again, what a, what is the horrible traitorous, treasonous thing to say, here, play this clip. So, if, if you're a person thinking about joining the military, you're probably not gonna wanna sign up. If Kamala Harris is the potential commander in chief, we, Right?

(13m 43s):
I mean, take that and compare that to what someone with dignity, like John McCain said when he was running for office and someone said crazy stuff. He's like, no, you know, president Obama at that time, candidate Obama's a great man. Stop it here, play the clip. I can't trust Obama. I got, I I have read about him, and he's not, he's not, he's a, he's an Arab. He is not. No ma'am. No, No ma'am. No ma'am, no ma'am. He's a, he's a, he's a decent family man, citizen that I just happen to have disagreements with on, on fundamental issues. And that's what this campaign is all about. He's not, thank You.

(14m 23s):
That's the politics that I want to go back to. And By the way, Jim McCain, John McCain, the late John McCain's son, Jim McCain, he spoke on CNN about why he's endorsing vice President Kamala Harris. Let's play this. I mean, I think the Arizona Republican Party is trying to express what they believe is the best. I mean, they did censor my mother and my entire family out of it. So, you know, they're choosing the path that they want to go. But I think one of the main points of, of switching over and, and coming over has been, you know, like I said, the, I think I feel that Kamala Harris and Tim Waltz embody a group of people that will help make This country better, that will take us forward.

(15m 4s):
And that's really what matters at the, at the end of the day, is, you know, voting with your heart, voting how you feel going forward. And that's how I feel. Oh, there was that one other moment in Laura Ingraham where she talks about JD Vance and whether his best prop is his beard, but I think she's talking about his wife, Usha here, play this clip. Vance, will you clear this up tonight for everyone watching? Is your beard your best prop? Well, Look, hear JD Vance again, trying to turn the military against President Biden and vice President. vice President, Kamala Harris. I mean, so pathetic play this clip. And I think that if we want to fix that recruitment problem, the best thing We can do is reelect Donald J. Trump.

(15m 45s):
People trust his leadership. They also know that a military led by Donald Trump is about what unites us as Americans. And it's not about this ridiculous division of Kamala Harris. And, you know, after showing you bad journalism, I want to give a hot tip to Washington Week on the Atlantic. They have a great program. And, and this was just, I mean, I thought it was a great job. Here, here play the clip. I'll call it plainly, a double standard that we have in this campaign. We're sitting here parsing as we should, what the Democratic nominee for President says in an interview, how she answers questions about a whole range of subjects. Meanwhile, this is what Donald Trump had to say this week.

(16m 28s):
Groceries, food has gone up at levels that nobody's ever seen before. We've never seen anything like it. 50, 60, 70%. You take a look at bacon and some of these products and some people don't eat bacon anymore. And we are going to get the energy prices down when we get energy down. You know, this was caused by their horrible energy wind. They won't wind all over the place, but when it doesn't blow, we have a little problem. Here's the thing, I'll make this observation, I'll own it. If Kamala Harris went from Bacon to wind in her interview with Dan Bash, she would this morning not be the, the next morning, she would not be the, the nominee of the Democratic Party.

(17m 11s):
That would've been very, very strange. People would've been like, what is going on? Do we just have an absurdly low standard now for the things that Donald Trump says and does? Thanks for watching that. Thanks for watching this. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together, 4 million thanks for watching. Have a good day. Real quick, metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.