
Alright, so we've reached the stage on Fox where everything is rigged. Allah 2020, right? So now all of the polls, according to Fox and their guests totally rigged. It's a way to try to suppress the Republican vote. Just take a look at what Jesse Waters was saying over the weekend. Play this clip. I just got back from vacation and notice Kamala Harris has surged ahead of Trump in the polls. So I had my team look into it. Turns out these pollsters are dramatically oversampling Democrats and then burying the sample so you can't see it. You know, and look, they look like absolute fools saying these things, but there's a more nefarious purpose.


They are going to try to do what they did in 2020. Again, they're gonna say the polls were rigged, this was rigged, that was rigged. Donald Trump really won when Donald Trump loses. So I just want you to pay attention to what they're doing. Fox then brings on JD Vance and then JD Vance is asked about the declining poll numbers. The fact that he is very, very much detested by the country. He goes, it's an op. The polling companies, they're rigged. It's just trying to suppress the vote here, play this clip. How does that not line up? Then with another poll, we got out this morning, Washington Post A, B, C, they're giving the vice president nationally a four to five point lead over I mean those are new numbers.


So if you think the momentum is not swinging, or your inner in internal polls are suggesting differently, every other poll that's been released has shown great momentum in her direction. You know, Shannon, I think there are a lot of polls that actually show her stagnating and leveling off. Of course, a B, C Washington Post was a wildly inaccurate pollster in the summer of 2020. And look, if you see the numbers that we are seeing and you actually talk to the American people, I feel extremely confident that we're gonna be in the right place come November. We can't worry about polls. We have to run through the finish line and encourage everybody to get out there and vote. But our message is going to be very simple. If you wanna get back to the peace and prosperity, the rising take home pay, Donald Trump delivered it once and he can do it again.


If you wanna double down on the failed policies that have delivered higher food prices and higher housing prices, well, Kamala Harris has been vice president for three and a half years, and I guarantee she's gonna make the problem worse if the American people give her a promotion. Okay, so let's get this. The thing we have to remember, one, one final point on, let me just say one final point on this, Shannon. 'cause I think it's important because consistently what you've seen in 2016 and 2020 is that the media uses fake polls to drive down Republican turnout and to create dissension and conflict with Republican voters. I'm telling you, every single person who's watching this, the Trump campaign is in a very, very good spot. We're gonna win this race. We just have to run through the finish line. Okay? Right here you have Janine Pirro as well.


Janine Pirro has asked a pretty basic question or she's talking about crime statistics and she goes, you know what the reality is, crime statistics aren't really down rigged. It's all an op to make it seem like things are better, everything is rigged. It's all fake objective data. Throw it away. Just believe what the propaganda tells you. Don't follow the actual data. This is Jeanine Pirro on Fox hat tip to our friends at decoding Fox News play the clip. But we're told that crime is down under the Biden administration and on their watch, it is not down. People are not recording crime. They're not reporting crime.


Police are not making arrests. They're not being called. They, they know if you call a cop in some cities, you are lucky if they show up within 24 hours. And then here, one of the Fox News anchors, by the way, who? It's Rachel Campos Duffy who used to be on MTV reality TV shows. That's kind of where she got her start. Here she is on Fox, and as she's again sprouting all of these kind of lies and disinformation, her phone goes off. I mean Fox is in just such disarray. Now, here play this clip. Kamala is hoping to offset Trump's very attractive common sense policies by juicing the voter numbers.


The Biden administration has been granting citizenship requests at the fastest rate in a decade. Sit in a decade. Sit in a decade. So that's what they're going with. Everything's fake. Everything's a lie. Don't believe anything. It's why this is not news. I mean this is just pure propaganda. Now look at Midas Touch. Do I have a view about pro-democracy? Heck yeah, I'm unapologetically pro-democracy, but I ain't both sides and issues and manipulating the data. You want to talk about data? You know how Republicans go drill, baby drill.


Donald Trump will make us energy independent and gas prices are gonna be lower than ever. Let's be clear, we're energy independent right now for the first time in American history. There's more drilling right now under Biden than there was under Donald Trump and vice President. Kamala Harris and President Biden Beatdown, the OPEC cartel when they were trying to raise their oil prices right now. And if you wanna make a comparison, when there was a catastrophic event taking place in Covid, at least provide the context. Well, yes, was gas cheaper during Covid when there was a pandemic that Donald Trump mishandled and nobody was driving because there were Trump lockdowns taking place.


At least just give people the the facts. You want to talk about unemployment right now being at its lowest level, essentially in American history for the longest period of time when unemployment was down this much, you wanna talk about 40,000 infrastructure projects. You wanna have an honest conversation about no tax on tips, then have the conversation and talk about how when Donald Trump was actually in office, he wanted bosses to steal the tips of workers. That was the rule that Donald Trump wanted. Not no tax on tips that tips get stolen by bosses. Why? 'cause Donald Trump represents the bosses and the billionaire class and the deca millionaire class. So just could we focus on the facts here?


People here by the way, is JD Vance one more time saying don't believe the polls, the polls aren't real. It's all false here play this clip that I mean. Our Fox News polling does show the economy is the number one issue and that people do give you all the edge on that. And yet this is what we have out from some new polling outta the New York Times. They say Ms. Harris is now leading Mr. Trump among likely voters in Arizona 50 to 45 and is even edged ahead of Mr. Trump in North Carolina a state Mr. Trump won four years ago while narrowing his lead significantly in Georgia and Nevada. What is the administration doing the campaign doing with that data as it comes in? I mean these are critical states that you gotta have to have a path to two 70. Are there any pivots?


Are there any, you know, reconfiguring of what you're doing in the strategy? Could you talk about your message but is it not landing Well, lemme say two things about this, Shannon. First of all, the polls tend to radically overstate Democrats. We certainly saw that during the polling of summer of 2020 and summer of 2016. And of course a lot of those polls were wrong when it came to election day. The second thing I'll say, Shannon, is what we have certainly seen is that Kamala Harris got a bit of a sugar high a couple of weeks ago. But what we've actually seen from our own internal data, Shannon, is that Kamala Harris has already leveled off. If you talk to insiders in the Kamala Harris campaign, they're very worried about where they are because the American people just don't buy the idea that Kamala Harris, who has been vice president for three and a half years is somehow gonna tackle the inflation crisis in a way tomorrow that she hasn't for the past 1300 days.


And then randomly, JD Vance decides to talk about Jeffrey Epstein during his interview on Fox play this clip Giving Kamala Harris control over inflation policy. Shannon, it's like giving Jeffrey Epstein control over human trafficking policy. The American people are much smarter than that. They don't buy the idea that Kamala Harris represents a fresh start. She is more of the same. It is doubling down on the failed policies of the Harris administration to give Kamala Harris a promotion rather than to fire her, which is what I think most Americans are gonna do on November. How does that, Then again, here's Fox right here and here they have one of their Fox news contributors. They put up a chart and what they're trying to say here again, hot tip to decoding Fox News for this as well.


They put up a chart here and they're like, look, the inflation reduction act has caused more inflation. It's the cause of inflation. No, it's not fact check. That's totally false. The cause of inflation. This is not some difficult thing to find out. When Donald Trump had a tax cut for billionaires and added $8 trillion in debt to our country, the most in American history, and then recklessly printed money when Donald Trump did that, that has an inflationary impact when Trump did his tariff, you know, trade war stuff that has an inflationary impact.


Now, when Donald Trump mishandled the pandemic and that shut down trade and our supply lines were not equipped, our supply chain was not equipped to deal with it. That is inflationary. So when we get out of a pandemic, thanks to the fact that President Biden implemented policies, that's where inflation comes from. Then you have the Inflation Reduction Act, which has reduced inflation to the point where the Federal Reserve is likely going to lower interest rates, which Donald Trump and Fox don't want to happen 'cause they want to cause pain to weed the people. So just watch the lie. I want you to see the lie here that Fox is spewing over the PA over the weekend so you can see for yourself play this clip.


Yeah, well when she says that she is willing to tackle inflation on day one, that's like someone who lights a house on fire and then conveniently calls the fire department and wants all of the credit for somehow saving the remnants of what they've destroyed. You know, Kamala Harris was the last vote to get the inflation induction act. It's technically called the Inflation Reduction Act over the finish line, which really boosted inflation and caused a lot of damage for Americans across the country. Okay, so that's the lie right there. And you can say you're saying inflation in increased because of the inflation reduction Act. Let me show you here is Ron DeSantis. Ron DeSantis saying what the cause of inflation was.


Was Donald Trump adding $8 trillion of debt? This doesn't require a PhD in economics to understand what are the causes and sources of inflation adding $8 trillion in debt, increasing the deficit like the way Donald Trump did more than any president in history. That'll do it. That'll do it here. Play this clip of DeSantis and You know who else is missing in action. Donald Trump is missing in action. He should be on this stage tonight. He owes it to you to defend his record where they added 7.8 trillion to the debt that set the stage for the inflation that we have now.


Trade makes it easy to experience America's best specialty coffees from home. Simply tell 'em what you like and whether you'd like it, hold bean or ground and trade will curate perfect coffee matches in an instant for you. It's the freshest quality you could get anywhere too. Every coffee's roasted to order and ships to you within 48 hours from hot or ice. Dark roasted decafs or espressos to cold brew trade has it all. And when you subscribe to trade, you're not just getting amazing coffee, you're also supporting American businesses. They partner with over 50 small roasters across the country, bringing you the best of the best right to your door. I've been loving my experience at trade and you know, when it comes to coffee, I'm a very, very tough critic. I'm generally a fan of light roast with bright fruity flavors and trade has nailed it every single time. My most recent favorite is a single origin coffee sourced from Columbia by Sightglass, a roaster based in California. The flavor notes are incredible. Think coffee concord grape and red apple. It's smooth, balanced, and exactly what I've been looking for in a morning cup. Plus, the convenience of having it delivered fresh to my door is unbeatable. I never have to worry about running outta coffee and the quality is always top notch. Give Trey a try to transform the way you experience coffee at home. They're offering your first bag free when you visit. Drink trade.com/midas and subscribe. Trade guarantees you'll love your first bag or they'll replace it for free. That's drink trade.com/midas. That's MEI ds for your first bag free. When you subscribe, go to drink trade.com/midas and start enjoying better coffee today.


Okay, and then again, going back to you know Fox one more time. Right here. This is Laura Ingraham in her interview over here with the former press secretary under Bush, Ari Fleischer, who's just a MAGA talking head now. He goes, you know, vice President, Kamala Harris, she's more radical than Barack. Way more radical than a, it just, it is just WWE cosplay propaganda. What are you talking about? More, more radical here. Play this clip. Barack Obama was a centrist compared to Kamala Harris. Barack Obama, when he was pushing for Obamacare, ruled out what they called a public option, just an option.


Kamala Harris of course endorsed Medicare for all. Kamala Harris. Here's what Laura Ingram Wright wrote as well. She goes The Rock concert Vibey DNC is in lieu of a convention where the main players are capable and confident enough to discuss the salient issues. They will entertain you, but you pay for it with lower living standards. Laura, Laura Donald Trump's convention. I don't even call it the Republican National Convention 'cause Trump took it over. They had Hulk Hogan was the main speaker who ripped off his shirt and did this play the clip When they took a shot at my hero and they tried to kill the next president of the United States.


Enough was enough. And I said, let Trumpia run Wild Brother. Let Trumpia rule again. Let Trumpia make America great again. Okay? You know, who wasn't at the Republican National Convention? The former Republican president George W. Bush, you know who wasn't there? Donald Trump's former vice president Mike Pence. You know who wasn't there? The former Republican presidential candidate, Mitt Romney. You know who was there? The former Republican VP candidate and Speaker of the House, Paul Ryan. Those speakers weren't there. Instead, Donald Trump had Hulk Hogan.


Donald Trump had the OnlyFans model. Amber Rose, she was a a speaker there. Whereas at the Democratic National Convention, you're going to have Bill Clinton, former Democratic President, Barack Obama, former Democratic president, Hillary Clinton, Michelle Obama, you're gonna have all of those people speak about policies. So don't tell me about rock concerts and vibey because you have vice President, Kamala Harris, who's actually speaking to the press on detailed policy, things like this, play the clip, hear You Revealed your economic policies Last week. Yeah. Can you explain how you're gonna pay for those and can you give us a sense of what other policies you wanna unveil going forward?


Sure. Well, I mean you just look at it in terms of what we are talking about, for example, around children and the child tax credit and extending the EITC that it's at $6,000 for the first year of a child's life. The return on that investment in terms of what that will do and what it will pay for will be tremendous. We've seen it when we did it the first year of our administration reduced, we reduced child poverty by over 50%. So that's a lot of the work. And then what we're doing in terms of the tax credits, we know that there's a great return on that investment and when we increase home ownership in America, what that means in terms of increasing the tax base, not to mention property tax base, what that does to fund schools, again, return on investment.


I think it's a mistake for any person who talks about public policy to not critically evaluate how you measure the return on investment when you're strengthening neighborhoods, strengthening communities, and in particular the economy of those communities and investing in a broad-based economy. Everybody benefits and it pays for itself in that way. And on the other hand, you have Donald Trump out there doing this play the clip, okay, She called it wrong. She's called it wrong now for about eight years. But she said one thing that got me. She said, Kamala has one big advantage. She's a very beautiful woman.


She's a beautiful woman. So I decide to go back and reread the clause. I'm not saying he's, but I say that I am much better looking than her. I think I'm much better, much better. I'm a better looking person than Kamala. No, I couldn't believe it. She said, you know, I had never heard that one. They said, no, her biggest advantage is that she's a beautiful woman. I'm going, huh, I never thought of that. I'm better looking than she is in her speech yesterday. Oh yeah. And meanwhile you have JD Vance going on, Fox attacking nato.


JD Vance has given a softball question about nato and JD Vance turns it into an attack on NATO and blaming NATO for the situation in Ukraine right Now, play this clip quickly Before we go. I wanna touch on foreign policy as well. Ukraine, you have been very vocal in saying, you know the, the resources and the tax dollars that are going there, you have serious questions about whether the American people are being told the truth about Ukraine's ability to actually advance their, now we know there are all kinds of reports this week. They've actually advanced into Russia, they're taking prisoners, they're taking territory. So has your view on that changed at all? And and what about Senator Coon's assertion that you and President Trump aren't gonna be faithful to nato? You're not gonna be faithful to foreign policy alliances in that allies shouldn't be able to count on you.


Well, what Chris Kons is saying, look, i I like and respect Chris, but he is just wrong here. What Donald Trump and I have said is that there shouldn't be a free lunch for Europe or anybody else. America is not the policeman of the world. And NATO should be a military alliance where Germany, France, and all these other countries pay their fair share rather than relying on American taxpayers to subsidize their defense so they can have generous welfare states while American veterans are sleeping under park benches. It's ridiculous, Shannon. We want NATO to be a real alliance and the way that it's gonna be a real alliance is for Europe to pay up, to do what's necessary and to allow us to focus on the most pressing foreign policy challenge we have had in nearly a century. And that is China.


And that is what Donald Trump and I are gonna focus on rebuilding American factory factories, bringing more manufacturing jobs back to this country, not allowing the Chinese to build their middle class on the backs of ours. And importantly, if we do that, we will be in a better position to stand up to China for the next 50 years in this country. That is what we've gotta focus on and that's the most important foreign policy problem. Well, we look forward to the President talking more about those tariffs, exactly how they would work. Senator. So Again, spare me, Lindsey Graham, when you go, we need President Biden to step up on Ukraine. Your party stop gaslighting us. Lindsey Graham, the entire Republican party is, or most of the Republican I'll say at the leadership level is like wants to disband NATO and is doing what Putin says and they're like pro-Russian propaganda.


Here's what Lindsey Graham said on Meet the Press Play this clip Senate. Do you think your former colleague in the Senate made the right decision by deciding not to run again Senator Graham? Yeah, I think he did. I think he did it for the country and for his party. I've always enjoyed my relationship with him. We have deep and wide policy differences, but to President Biden give Ukraine the ability to fight back, to end this war on favorable terms, I will help you land the biggest deal in in decades in the Mideast. I will help you find a way to have Saudi Arabia and Israel normalize. I will push Israel. Yeah. To do what they need to on the Palestinian F to get MBS to take over Palestine and reform.


Yeah. The West Bank, I wish you well. Let's end on a high note here. All right, president Biden, So There just so utterly out of touch and compare that here with Tim Walls play this clip. This is Tim Walls from Nebraska play this clip. We really came just to go to run and then we did a little rally on the side, but we had a little extra time. Amazing. If you don't know, the iconic Nebraska restaurant is the Ronza. Don't call it anything else except for Ronza. The bread consistency, all of it really matters. I got the Swiss and mushroom is kind of a classic. The cheese is is solid. You can be a little bit creative, but this is it.


If you're gonna go to Nebraska, if you're gonna go to Nebraska football game, if you're just gonna be a good person, you stop at rums lot. I think it's a bread consistency. I mean that your ate every day. Get this guy on TV for runs us. Thanks for the work you're doing. Matters. My pleasure. Appreciate it. Thanks everybody. Pleasure to meet you all. Wow. Or this is Tim Walls with vice President. Kamala. Harris. Every road trip needs a snack break. Watch this Corn nuts over there. Tim. It. Oh yeah, that's it. Oh, that's the, there you go. You see corn nuts over there. Anyway, tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million subscribers this week. I think we can hit it this week, folks.


Thanks. Real quick, meta just changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.