
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spent $5 to get 200 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER. The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets If you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Wow. Wow. Wow. What was state regime Media known as Fox doing all day yesterday? Seeing that Donald Trump's term is collapsing, the presidency is just falling apart. Well, they go, who cares about them? Stupid polls. Donald Trump's having fun. Who cares about stupid polls? Here, watch this Tr I I'm gonna say this again, I said it last night, but happy Trump is best Trump and he's having a great time. He doesn't care about these stupid polls. He's fighting for Laura Ingram. Really? I'm glad you think that it's amazing that Donald Trump is having fun because may I talk about your sister company, also owned by Rupert Murdoch, the Wall Street Journal.


Their headline yesterday, Trump's first 100 days were worst for Dow and s and p 500 since Richard Nixon, about 1973. JP Morgan says that based on the new data they have, they believe first quarter GDP will be negative 1.8%, similar to what the Atlanta Federal Reserve was saying a few weeks back. Negative two, negative 2.5%. Consumer confidence is at its like lowest level ever. But glad Donald Trump is having fun, folks. The propaganda got more intense from there yesterday because Fox has to create this fantasy world. This Fugazi Fox Fugazi watch this clip as Ainsley Earhart who's sitting there, by the way, she's Sean Hannity's wife.


And then she soon sits there with Sean Duffy, the transportation secretary and his wife, who also works for Fox. But here, Ainsley Erhardt said Trump is such a good communicator. He communicates so good. He's so smart. He's so smart. Here. Play this clip. I watched the press conference yesterday when the Phillies, when the Eagles were at the White House, and he is so good at communicating. It's, it's such a gift because if we had to do that, I don't know enough about football, I would be a nervous wreck. But he knows about every sport, he knows about trade, he knows about the border. He's so equipped for this job and I think he's having more fun. He even said that in an interview with the Atlantic. He's having more fun this go round. But he talked to the, the coach, he brought the, the security guy up who loves Donald Trump.


Let him talk. He talked to the owner, he talked to all the players. He talked about the plays and how they beat the chiefs. This time it was just, I watched that press conference and I thought he is gifted Well, and, and to the, let's poll the audience. In fact, we're gonna go out in the office. Dean Baker says, imagine that your job requires you to constantly praise to the sky. A demented, vindictive, 78-year-old man. I guess everyone has to put food on the table, you know, going to that next clip I was just talking about, you have Sean Duffy, the transportation secretary sitting there with his wife right there, and his wife has a show on Fox as well.


And Sean Duffy says, it's been historic. Trump's done so much. Like this is the GI He goes, he says this, he goes, I pinch myself because he's doing so good and he gets to talk to me. I pinch myself. He says, play this clip Hundred days. I'm dizzy, you know, following everything he's doing. I can't keep up with him, let alone what all the other cabinet secretaries are doing. And the president, The president's been historic and how much he's done, how fast he's moving. And to be part of that and our family to be part of it. Yeah. So we had to go to these White House events. And again, I think as we'll, we'll look back, you know, 20 years from now, 30 years from now, and go, this man fundamentally changed the way that America works and the relationship that we have with our government. I just, and to be part of that some, I still pinch myself that I get to call the president and he'll pick up my call or call me back.


Yeah. It's really remarkable. And he's just, I I, I saw him yesterday. He doesn't stop. I know like it's, he's late for a meeting and he is, and he is talking to people and he's, and he's talking about policy and he's signing executive orders and he has so much energy and he's so joyful. He's call like it's nine o'clock at night and there's a call from the president saying, Sean, what about if we do blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I mean, it's amazing. He doesn't stop. No, I'll call him at eight or eight, nine, ten in the morning and if he's busy, he'll call me back at eight, nine, ten o'clock at night. Right? But, but he, but he calls people back and he is, he's so engaged with all the departments. It's just wonderful. And The children are doing well. You can as Ashley recess, she goes, this is hilarious. Honestly, everything about it, the bullshit he's spewing the audience smiling and nodding like incredibly funny stuff.


Although Ashley, I'll say it would be incredibly funny if at the end of the day this was like, actually just like an episode of The Apprentice And we were non-consensual participants in a dystopian reality show where he destroys all of our lives. But I get the point that you're making Then Treasury Secretary Scott Besson goes on Fox Business 'cause they're talk about business. Okay. And Treasury Secretary Scott Besson keeps using this stupid word bespoke. And he's like, Trump's doing bespoke, bespoke deals. That's why they're taking so long. Play this clip On the 18 key trading relationship, the president described the them to the trade team as bespoke.


Every deal is different and he's gonna be involved. So I'll wait to hear from him. Do,


Do you know if Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers? They have all the plants your yard needs, like fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs and so much more. Whatever plants you're interested in, Fast Growing Trees has you covered, find the perfect fit for your climate and space. Fast Growing Trees makes it easy to get your dream yard order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days without ever leaving home. Their live and thrive guarantee ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape, choose the right plants, and learn how to care for them. I got a lemon tree from Fast Growing Trees and it's my favorite thing in my yard. I was worried about ordering plants online, but it arrived fresh, strong, and ready to plant. Plus now I get to just walk outside and pick my own citrus. Not to mention, it smells amazing every time I go out. And by the way, big yard, small yard, no yard at all. Doesn't matter. Fast Growing Trees has over 6,000 plants to fit any space. From indoor plants to fruit trees to full-size privacy trees and more Fast Growing Trees has plant experts on call. So if you're like me and don't have a green thumb, they'll help you choose the right plant and keep it thriving. This spring they have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to our show get 15% off their first purchase when using the code Midas at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at Fast Growing Trees dot com using the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout Fast Growing Trees dot com code Midas. Now is the perfect time to plant, use Midas to save today. Offer is valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply.


And again, I don't even know what he's talking about, but okay, bespoke individualized deals. That's what you mean. Why would a deal with Mexico be the same deal as a deal with Japan? Or why would that, why would a deal with Japan be the same as a deal with Europe? Like they're diff of course they're going to be bespoke. We, we had deals, alre, the deals were done. Okay? We had trade deals. America was winning. We were number one, number one, number one in GDP growth. We were number one in every major category E energy production, you name it. We were leading the world under former President Biden. Just the objective facts. Could things have been better? Yes. Was inflation high? Yes. Was former President Biden bringing it under control to 2% in interest rates being cut?


Yes. Was former President Biden the cause of recession? No. Who caused recession? Donald Trump adding $8 trillion to the debt and screwing up covid so badly that supply chains broke down. And then when a new president came in and had to actually deal with it, the fire department was blamed for being the arsonist when Trump was the arsonist. Anyway, I can do a whole rant on that. You've heard me go there before. Okay, here, treasury Secretary Scott Besson takes his turn and the Trump kiss my ass club as Aaron Rupert says, let's play It Larry. It's just the momentum is President Trump, the amount of momentum, the transparency, the energy that he has brought back to Washington. As you said earlier, the common sense looked at the success on securing the border.


Everyone said, oh, this can't be done. And some of the targets of the Biden administration had the, were in the tens of thousands and I, I think a few weeks ago, nine people came across the border, most of whom we let in for medical reasons. So, you know, it's the enthusiasm and I think what we've really done here is deals. And then Scott Besson says, I'm not worried about consumers or even manufacturers paying more money or running out of stuff they've done pre-ordering, pre-ordering, every bespoke pre-ordering. What, what do you talk about two days ago? You is, as I've said many times, I think from the Chinese side, these high terrorists are unsustainable.


That, you know, I believe that US buyers pre did a substantial amount of pre-ordering and now the factories in India, I mean in China are having to shut down. And I've seen some very large estimates of potential worker layoffs if these tariffs stay in place. So what I, what I can tell you is the tariffs are unsustainable on the Chinese side, that we have a deficit with them. The surplus country always suffers more And we, they sell us roughly five times more than we sell them. So Sub deals, Donald Trump did 200 sub deals.


We're not gonna tell you what they are, but 200 sub deals here play this clip That, that he has made 200 deals on tariffs, 200 deals. Who has he made deals with? Is there actually any deal at this point? I believe that he is referring to sub deals within the negotiations we're doing. Yeah. As Aaron Rupa says, north Korean TV had a bit of difficulty finding people to praise dear leader. So yesterday for Trump's disastrous 100 days, for them to try to make up for the fact that their pollster has Trump the worst ever in modern presidential history. The Fox poll has trump at like 41%.


I think the Reuters, Washington, Washington Post Ipsos, a BC one is like 39% like the, the worst polling data ever. So Fox assembles this panel knowing Donald Trump watches it in the morning. And just, I want you just to watch the degree of, of, of Bs here playing this clip. This is what the president said he would do. He would make course corrections and go. Do you think the American public is getting that perspective? I, I do to, to a point. I think people are a little bit nervous at this point, but I think we have to give him time. We, we elected him because we wanted a change. We needed a change. And, and that's why he was elected into office to make a difference.


And I think, you know, a hundred days he's done great things. He's scared a few people, but I think we need to give him a chance to follow through on his plan. Because I do think he's got, like Dominic said, great people in his corner and you know, smart people and he's a businessman. He's not a, a politician. And I think we have to give him a chance to go forward with his plan. Alright, let's, Let's get your reaction to this. In spite of whatever rough patches we may have seen, president Trump supporters are standing behind him. Take a look at The Fox Business Maria Bar then brings on Senator Haggerty, who goes, this has been the greatest 100 days in my lifetime. The most impactful, the most positive we've ever been here.


Play this Clip. I know you all are at work trying to move the president's agenda forward. Indeed, your colleagues on the left and the Senate Democrats wanna stage big protests. Your reaction, I think in reality, Maria, they're protesting because this has been the most effective, most impactful in a positive sense, 100 days, certainly in my lifetime. Seriously, seriously, may I show you this headline right here? China responds to Trump tariffs with defiant propaganda clip comparing, making a deal with Trump to drinking poison, to quench your thirst. This is from the China Foreign Ministry.


They say bowing to a bully is like drinking poison to quench thirst. It only deepens the crisis. Okay? We're nowhere near making a deal with China. Let's be very clear here. Okay? Trump scent lying about having communications with China and Trump speaking to Xi Jinping. It's not happening. Canada, Europe, Australia, Africa, south America, central America, other countries in Asia, Mexico, they're looking now and seeing, whoa, looks like Xi Jinping's more reliable than Trump, significantly. Like maybe we should just be trading with them.


That's not good. That's not good. And, and and, and in terms of Donald Trump making us even less safe internationally, Pakistan has credible intelligence that India tends to launch a military strike within the next 24 to 36 hours. Oh, I thought Donald Trump was gonna stop all that. The issue is when America has seeded its authority as a leader in the world, stuff like that is more likely to happen. And who we have, Pete Heif, that's who we have. Rubio, we expect those individuals to deal with it. Yeah, I don't, I don't think so. Finally, let me show you this clip right here, Steven Miller on Fox short clip. 'cause I can't do long clips of Miller.


And here Fox and Miller are bragging about intimidating Jeff Bezos of Amazon to remove from the Amazon website where they were gonna list the extra cost of your products that are caused by tariffs. Stop the testing as Donald Trump says, right? Remember what he said during Covid, if we don't show you the tariffs and the costs that are going to you, you'll just think that it doesn't exist. You won't even know it exists here. Play this clue. But I understand there might have been a phone call from the president to Jeff Bezos on this this morning. I I have no news to add on it. All I can say is that things worked out, John, exactly as they should. And the president's gonna continue.


Remember, what's our objective here? Our objective is we want these products, we want these supply chains to the extent possible to be manufactured here in America, where they'll benefit from a lower corporate tax. They'll benefit from a significant deregulation and the most affordable, abundant energy anywhere in the world. So Speaking of products Is, by the way, can I just give us some simple logic here, Donald, if tariffs are so amazing, if they're making us so rich, you're a marketing guy, why wouldn't you wanna brand everything with your tariffs? Is it, if tariffs are amazing, don't you want to put tariffs everywhere? Make billboards of tariffs, Trump tariffs. If, if they're so good, also, if the tariffs are working so well, let me ask you this, Donald, then why are you trying to negotiate deals to remove the tariffs with countries?


Why don't you just want to keep them on because we're getting so, so rich right now. Or is all this deal talk Donald, no deals just about market manipulation. Is that what this is really about? That you're manipulating the market. That's what I think is happening. Talk about a conversation. The market goes up, it goes down, it goes up. Who's buying the dips? Who's buying it when it gets up? I think we know the answer. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. New Midas merch. Drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot Midas touch.com.