
As Midas Touch Network hit 3 million subscribers. I was also watching Fox Implode last night, like take a look at this clip. As Jesse Waters tried to attack vice President Kamala Harris to help out Donald Trump. And then quite literally less than an hour later, Fox had to admit that its own poll. The Fox poll shows vice President, Kamala Harris leading in some of the key states play this clip. So this was a terrible week. She got no bounce outta the convention. That's not true. She's no bounce. She's not a four point bounce. And she's in Georgia today campaigning, okay, she got no bounce. She gotta look at the polls. And she's now down in all the battle ground states. That's not true. Real clear. Check it out. Okay.


Right now in the break, I'll prove you wrong. Okay? Ah yes. Good evening. Welcome to Washington. I'm Brett Bearer. With fewer than 70 days until the presidential election, we are releasing new Fox polls from key Sunbelt states. And it's anyone's ball game as you can see right here. Former President Donald Trump holds a one point lead in North Carolina 50 to 49. But Vice President Harris Kamala Harris is leading by one in Arizona, 50 to 49 by two in Nevada and Georgia 50 to 48 in each of those states. All of these numbers, obviously within the margin of error here, these surveys, we should point out, were conducted after both the Democratic National Convention and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.


Dropping out. Yeah, I mean, take a look at the Fox poll. Vice President Kam Laris up in Arizona. She's up in Georgia, she's up in Nevada, and of course she's up in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania. So Jesse Waters had to eat his words. No he doesn't. He's actually Jesse Waters. He'll just go and continue to lie. Like take a look at this here. Jesse Waters, who interviewed Donald Trump and JD Vans together here he attacks vice President Kamala Harris for doing an interview with Governor Walls on CNN Play this clip. Her Handlers don't even trust her to survive a softball CNN interview. So Coach Walls is gonna chaperone tomorrow night at nine. Mr.


President, Senator. I don't know what we have to talk about. It's been pretty boring. Well, Janine Pirro doesn't even know who Vice President Kamala Harris's running mate is. She thinks it's JD Vance or perhaps she's wishing it was JD Vance and not the very popular Governor Walls who's got the top popularity of any VP in recent history. And JD Vance has the least net favorability of any VP like ever. Here. Watch this. Well, Chris are so upset to Tether Kamala to Biden then why if the vice president is so irrelevant, is she bringing Vance to her first interview?


I'm sorry, bringing walls to her first interview. I was like about, I really hope she's not saying that. Waltz. Yeah, I, and so we put together at the Midas Touch Network, just take a look at what Jesse Waters, who was Tucker Carlson's replacement has been saying just over the past 48 hours. I know if you've been following our coverage, you may see these clips, but this is what the Fox viewership is getting. How pathetic is this playing? This is where the president has his most impact. You have a lot of room to maneuver there. As commander in chief, we don't know who she is. We don't know what she believes. She's gonna get paralyzed in the situation room while the generals have their way with her right now. Jesse Waters. Jesse, I don't like that.


Figuratively again, take it back. Have their way with her. Control her. Not in a sexual way. Yeah. and he, Jesse Waters again is like she doesn't have a winning personality, whatever that means. Play the clip. Victor Davis Henson. She doesn't have a winning personality that's understood. She doesn't like to get her hands dirty, doesn't really like policy, doesn't understand it kind of just wings it. And do you think that they will be able to make an excuse when she loses? I think she's gonna lose. I can see the peak happening right now when she loses. What will the excuse be? Let me give you a perfect case study in Fox right here. Governor Walls was delivering that incredible speech you saw us cover here at the Midas Touch Network about small government that would actually resonate with their audience on Fox.


They panic that Governor Walls is giving them the truth, is telling their people like, here's what's up. Here's actually what the Democratic platform is. But that doesn't fit with what Fox is pushing. So they cut away and then they go and talk about how bad the speech was, rather than letting the speech speak for itself. Play the clip. Some of you in here, and I'm gonna say this 'cause I know we're bipartisan some of the gray hairs in here. I know what you're thinking and I remember it too 'cause it's my family. When Republicans used to talk about freedom, they meant it. They meant it. Not anymore. These guys over there, they want government to have the freedom to invade every corner of your life.


From our union halls to our kids' schools, even our doctor's office, vice president and I, we got a little bit different vision of this. We believe that you not politicians should be made freedom. Make your own healthcare choices. We believe that workers deserve to collectively bargain for fair wages, safe working conditions, good healthcare and secure retirement. No interference from government. We've Been listening to Governor Tim Walls in Minnesota. He is also the vice presidential nominee for the Democratic ticket. He's speaking to the Firefighters Union in Boston, Massachusetts, about 350,000 members, Brett and speaking there enthusiastically without notes and they really wanna get this union vote.


I don't know though, Brett, if the rank and file would agree with him. Yeah, it's interesting. I think that this is a pitch, a speech designed specifically for the union. A lot of talk about collective bargaining, a lot of talk about, you know, issues that those union members talk about in those halls.


So did you know that over 2 billion plastic razors end up in US landfills each year? It's a staggering number I know. And it's just one of the many reasons why we need to rethink our shaving habits. Henson Shaving is leading the charge in this revolution. Let's join it together. Their razors are made of aluminum with no plastic in sight, not even in the packaging. And get this, they work with standard dual edge blades that cost less than 10 cents each. Once you have a Henson Razor, you're looking at just three to $5 per year for blade replacements. It's a win for your wallet and a win for the environment. It's time to say no to subscriptions and yes to a razor that will last you a lifetime. So visit henson shaving.com/midas and pick the razor for you and use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. And you'll get two years worth of blades free with your razor. Just make sure to add them to your cart. That's 100 free blades when you head to H-E-N-S-O-N-S-H-A-V-I-N g.com/midas and use that code Midas.


And by the way, when I watch other corporate media as well, even when I'm watching like CNN and sometimes M-S-N-B-C, they like have people saying what's happening versus like, can you just show the clips and show it live so we can watch it? You saw that we covered Governor Wall's speech and devoted a lot of attention to it as well. Let me show you this on Fox. This guy is actually a member of Congress, believe it or not, play this clip. Yeah, I also couldn't find the January 6th pipe bomber, Jesse. And I'm gonna be honest with you, I don't believe their narrative about the January 6th pipe bomber for a second. And Dan Bonino told myself and several other members of congress just this week in Washington DC that when this story breaks about the January 6th pipe bomber, what really happened?


It's gonna be the biggest scandal in Washington DC's history. Alright, well We'll Look forward to co I'll give a hat tip here to Ari Melbourne who, you know, I thought he, I thought Ari Melbourne did not do a good job covering the Trump criminal trials. But even though this is not on Fox, I wanna show you what happens when someone like Corey Lewandowski, who's now running Donald Trump's campaign, shows up on a show like Ari Mel's here play this clip. It's in one state. It may not happen in a Difference. Kansas went against, Trump went against your campaign. Trump has been hiding on what he's gonna do on the Florida State rule, which is up and he lives there. Are we gonna get a position from him on that? Look, if the president wants to weigh in, I'm sure he'll weigh in the ballot box. Like every American gets the opportunity to do I.


Think it Such a great moment right there. Here's Lindsey Graham just randomly cursing on Fox play this clip people In Arizona. Do you really believe she's gonna build a wall? That's just bullshit. And just to kind of show you what it is that I guess, you know, it resonates with Fox. I mean, 'cause they're all on kind of all the, all promoting Trump all the time. I mean, just take a look right here at these Trump emails yesterday, I I showed him, you know, over and over again to you. But like, here are the Trump emails, you know, saying that Zuckerberg conspired to overthrow the 2020 election. Dude, it's 2024. We could you think Hunter Biden dick pics was that that's what was going to win 2020 for you.


And you were in office who Zuckerberg conspired with you to not show Hunter Biden dick pics. Like what in the world are you even talking about here? But then just post after post Donald Trump, you know, made these horrific posts about vice President, Kamala Harris and former President Barack Obama. I've, I've showed you these posts before, you know, and that's what should, that's actually what should be covered, you know, on, on Fox and all the news networks. But I suppose, I suppose good luck with that. But anyway, I, I'll I'll show you this here though. This is on Newsmax. You have Christine Nome saying the following, you know, who kills her dogs? They, they ever on Newsmax to say this Play the clip.


I mean, it's insulting. It really is. So I hope that everybody recognizes that Tim is there to help prop her up. And if it gets awkward or she starts giggling or looking, you know, crazy that he's gonna interrupt and take over and, and then they're gonna go back and stop the tape and maybe retape that question to make sure that she looks fantastic. This has been something that they have been planning ever since, well, probably for months. And they know what their game is. I just hope the American people are, are strong enough and verbal enough and vote enough to call 'em out on It. And then let me just show you this, this is a moment that Fox should be covering. Here's what vice President, Kamala Harris said at a school in Georgia.


Play this clip. And In doing that, you are also role models, right? Welcome to the role model club. And being a role model right? Means that they're gonna be members of your family. People who live in your neighborhood, your classmates who watch you to say, oh, that's how it's done. And in that way, you are showing what hard work can achieve, what discipline can you achieve, what teamwork can achieve. And that's the stuff of great leadership, all of you. And so we wanted to come by to remind you that our nation is counting on you. We're so proud of you, everything you have achieved.


and I will tell you, I was in band when I was your age. So I know a little bit about are you coach about the players, right? And all that you all are doing. It requires a whole lot of rehearsal, a whole lot of practice. Long hours, right? Sometimes Then, so you remember Jesse Water's mom, who's a big Midas Touch fan. Sh this is what she warned Jesse Waters when he took that job. Play this clip. We have a very special guest on the line, a Democrat. My mom, mom. Hello, how have you, Jesse? Hello there Mom. How have you enjoyed the show so far? I have enjoyed the show.


I wanna say congratulations, honey bun. We are so proud of you and your accomplishments. Thank you. And you've worked so hard. Now let's aim to have you keep your job. And to that end, I do have some suggestions, okay? Do not tumble into any conspiracy rabbit holes. We do not wanna lose you, and we want no lawsuits, okay? Okay. Yeah. In keeping, I I have a list here. Okay? In keeping with the Hippocratic Oath, do no harm. We need you to be kind and respectful. You yourself mentioned that humble is a stretch. So I, I get that.


Use your voice responsibly to promote conversation. That maintains a narrative thread there. There really has been enough Biden bashing and the laptop is old. Perhaps you could suggest that your people take less interest, For example in other people's bodies and talk about that. Well, anyway, thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.