
The land down under has never been easier to reach. United Airlines has more flights between the US and Australia than any other US airline. So you can fly nonstop to destinations like Sydney, Melbourne, and Brisbane. Explore dazzling cities, savor the very best of Aussie cuisine, and get up close and personal with the wildlife. Who doesn't wanna hold a koala? Go to united.com/australia to book your adventure.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify Forget, the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform. Supercharges your selling Wherever. you sell with Shopify. You'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash tech. All lowercase. That's Shopify dot com slash tech.


Watching Fox implode every single day is like a favorite pastime of mine right now. and I love sharing it with you. Their heart just isn't in it anymore. Their propaganda machine just ain't working for Donald Trump like it used to. Maybe it's because Donald Trump is rapidly declining in the polls. The Trump media stock is crashing. Donald Trump selling weird things every single day. Trump making the most unhinged statements. Maybe it's for those reasons. Or maybe just Fox just doesn't have it anymore. Just take a look right here. Yesterday, as Jesse Waters is forced to address a statement he made the previous day that was horrifically misogynistic about Vice President Con flowers.


Here's Jesse Waters yesterday addressing that statement. Play this clip. Listen to Me. Well, you know, on that note, maybe listen to this. There's been some intention to comments I made on the show yesterday about VP Harris. People are misconstruing my comments to mean something inappropriate. I wasn't suggesting anything of a sexual nature. I was expressing my opinion that Vice President Harris's current leadership style could be an issue if elected. Okay, Jesse, just so everybody remembers what it is that Jesse Waters said, here's what he said the day before that, that he was addressing Play the clip. This is where the president has his most impact. You have a lot of room to maneuver there. As commander in chief, we don't know who she is. We don't know what she believes.


She's gonna get paralyzed in the situation room while the generals have their way with her right now. Jesse Waters, Jesse, I don't like that. Figuratively again, take it back. Have their way with her. Control her. Not in a sexual way. And then oddly, Jesse Warders like talks about his mom going on M-S-N-B-C. The whole thing is very strange. You play this clip That would be great. You know, like you're like your sister does something and you're like speaking on behalf of the Waters fan. I'm sure my mother was probably go on M-S-N-B-C tonight. And said, my son Jesse Waters made a joke about Kamala Harris being manhandled by generals in the situation room.


And she, he has desecrated the memory of our grandfather and it's just, it's disgusting. I could see my mom doing that and I wish I had a political dynasty so I could take shots as well. Oh, we Appreciate that. Alright. You know what, Craig? And yes folks, we've reached that time again now where Fox has to attack whichever network is hosting the debate and saying it's very unfair and they're going to R it and they're gonna treat Donald Trump so mean so unfairly. But we're just so used to this. It's like, look enough of the whining and complaining. Remember that's what they were doing leading up to the CNN debate. So right here is a clip of Hannity from last night, and he's saying, take a look at this.


Does this sound like journalism or a talk show host? It's literally the journalist Rachel Scott, just stating facts here. Watch this clip. Take a look at this. Ask yourself, does this sound like journalism or a talk show host? I wanna start by addressing the elephant in the room. Sir, a lot of people did not think it was appropriate for you to be here today. You have pushed false claims about some of your rivals from Nikki Haley to former President Barack Obama saying that they were not born in the United States, which is not true. You have told four congresswomen of color who were American citizens to go back to where they came from.


You have used words like animal and rabid to describe black district attorneys. You've attacked black journalists calling them a loser, saying the questions that they ask are stupid and racist. You've had dinner with a white supremacist at your Mar-a-Lago Resort. So my question, sir, now that you are asking black supporters to vote for you, why should black voters trust you after you have used language like that? Well, first of all, I don't think I've ever been asked a question. So in, in such a horrible manner, the first question, Trump wins the crowd over. Oh, and then here's Jesse Waters again. Here he goes, after addressing the statement he made the night before, he says this, play this clip.


When world leaders sit across the poker table from Kamala Harris, they smell fear. They know her. Tells Are you gonna gamble our country away on a frightened woman, too insecure to tell us who she is? It is our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski says, when you understand that Jesse's representative, audience member is a 78-year-old white guy in Alabama with a serious drinking problem, kids who won't speak to him in a couple domestic violence arrests, you get why he serves up this DRL for gobs of cash. That's well said. So then they bring on RFK Junior's former running mate, and he or she is, and she's like, what we really are gonna do with Donald Trump is we're gonna try to make everybody healthy again.


And as Aaron Ruper said, these people have like zero principles. You can't pretend to care about public health while capping for a guy who thinks testing causes the illness, play this clip. And there are many other systems in this country that we know that if we had an opportunity to, we could clean out all the pfas and toxins that we know are making us sick. And we're gonna see those health results turn around in a matter of, I think we could do it in six months. Mm. We're gonna see a decline in autism. Purify the country in six months. That's ambitious. But if anybody can do it, then I'm sure Bobby can do it. You mentioned Here she is again, this is what they're saying on Fox. What happened to the Democratic party?


They used to say, when they go low, we go high. But the Democrats are being mean to Donald Trump and us. No, they're they're being very mean. That's what she says. Play this clip. This is wild. I am asking myself what happened to the party of when they go low, we go high. 'cause right now they're just going lower and lower and lower. And I'm shocked. I'm saddened. I'm worried for them. Honestly.


They the best bacon, the best steak, the best chicken, the best salmon you'll ever eat. It's not gonna come from the grocery store. It's gonna come from the family farm and independent Alaskan fishermen. And now you can get it when you join the Moink movement. Today, Moink delivers grass fed and grass finished beef and lamb, pastured pork and chicken and sustainable wild caught Alaskan salmon straight to your door, Moink Farmers farm like our grandparents did. And as a result, Moink meat tastes like it should because the family farm does it better. And the Moink difference is a difference that you can actually taste. Unlike the supermarket, Moink gives you the total control over the quality and source of your food. You choose the meat delivered in every box like ribeyes to chicken breast, to pork chops, to salmon filets, and much more. Plus you can cancel it at any time. And I love that Moink is helping save rural America. Join the Moink movement today and you'll never turn back. Shark Tank host Kevin O'Leary called Moink Bacon, the best bacon he's ever tasted. And Ring doorbell founder Jamie Simonov, jumped at the chance to invest in Moink Plus, they guarantee you'll say Oink. Oink. I'm just so happy I got Moink. I know I do. And you will too. Keep American farming going by signing up at Moink Box dot com slash Midas Touch right now. And listeners of our show, get free hot rolls in your first box. It's the best hot rolls you'll ever taste for a limited time. It's spelled M-O-I-N-K box.com/ Midas Touch. That's Moink Box dot com slash Midas Touch. One more time. Moink Box dot com slash Midas Touch.


So one of the big things that Donald Trump was pushing yesterday as well, you'll recall from some of the hot take videos that I made, Donald Trump was saying, look, we caught Facebook. Zuckerberg admits that they were suppressing Hunter Biden's laptop stories, so therefore the 2020 election is rigged and I Donald Trump should have won. It was rigged. So in 2024, August 27th, yesterday when that happened in August 28th, today, Donald Trump's campaign is still whining about the 2020 election being rigged because he's saying Facebook suppressed worked with the government to suppress Hunter Biden's laptop, that the government in 2020 was coercing Facebook to not show Hunter Biden laptop stuff.


Here's the thing, Trump, you were in office in that time. You, you were the, you were the government then. So you're blaming, you weaponized it against yourself. Like do they even know what they're talking about? And here on this segment, Brian Kill, meet on Fox, he's getting closer to figuring it out. As Aaron Rupert would say, play this clip. But remember when the laptop was out there, president Trump was president. So somehow the challenging party had more sway with our, the FBI and other agencies than the one in power, which is bizarre, Getting closer, but not close enough. Oh, and then they have Tulsi Gabbard on, and here she is, who's always been really a MAGA plant.


Hillary Clinton called this out in 2016, and here's what she has to say on Fox. And just look how Fox is like, we appreciate you so much strain through peace. Donald Trump's gonna bring world, the guy is a Putin, Bob of Putin. Jill. Anyway, play this clip Peace through strength that he he believes in. Yes. Not, not unlike Ronald Reagan. I'm just wondering, would you play a role? We gotta run, but would you play a role specifically in something involved with a military or defense? If, if, if he is elected, If given that opportunity, I would be grateful to serve and help and help him save our country and get us back towards that future for all Americans.


Well, we are grateful for your service. Colonel Gabbert, thank you so much for being here. Really appreciate, thank you David. You coming in. Best of luck to you. And even though this isn't on Fox, let me show you here. This is what Congress member Eric Swalwell had to say, this is great. Play it. And this case will be about, you know, whether he's held accountable for that. And, and by the way, as you're talking about Tulsi Gabbard and RFK Junior working on a transition team, I'm asking myself transition to what? Transitioning back to the courtroom because he is gonna be a civil defendant and a criminal defendant again, but he is sure as hell is not going to be transitioning to the White House. And and certainly with those, as the people helping him lead government, it, it signals to all of us what kind of White House it would be.


Yeah. So then also you have like James Comer now going to even a safer space than Fox Magar, Republican James Comer House Oversight committee. And so he goes on Newsmax and what he's spewing is, is that he goes, I hope the Democrats don't try to go in there and take over social media like they have the mainstream media here, play this clip. You know, I, I hope that with, with this new era where we get more of our news from social media, that the Democrats don't try to go in there and take over social media like they have the mainstream media. Yeah. You know, and, and you know, it's hard for companies like Newsmax and, and, and conservative outlets to come up on the social media front because there's so, so much domination by Facebook and, and Twitter.


So God bless Elon Musk and, and hopefully, hopefully we can get the names of the people in the government that, that did this. Yeah. I mean Says that speaking to Newsmax Max, you can't make this stuff up. And here James Comer is again pushing that the government in 2020 was weaponized against Donald, Trump Trump weaponized the government against himself. So ridiculous. Here, play this clip. Well, I'm glad that Zuckerberg's come forward now. But at the end of the day, there needs to be accountability for the government officials who, who actually were in charge of forcing Facebook to censor conservative speech, especially stories like the Hunter Biden laptop story when they knew all along it was true.


So what the next steps will be, will be for Zuckerberg and, and the Facebook executives to identify the specific people with the FBI and the specific people in the Biden Heritage Administration who were insisting that they not only censor conservatives, but be dishonest with their platform. By the way, just give a shout out here to The Daily Beast. I'm not, maybe I'll do a full video on this. Maybe I won't. I don't know it, it just deserves to be called out. It has nothing to do with this video. I don don't know where to put it, but I want to give a hat tip to them. Where's Barron six seven Barron Trump is the invisible college freshman. There are more than 200 colleges in universities in New York state.


And Barron Trump is enrolled at one of them if his father is to be believed. Last week, former president Donald Trump teased that his youngest son Barron would go to a college in New York rejecting his family's 60 year Ivy League legacy at the University of Pennsylvania. He's all set in a certain school that's very good. Trump told the New York Post, Trump confided that Barron 18 would go to a school somewhere in New York and the family would make an announcement soon. That was seven days ago. In the interim, schools across the Empire State have started their freshman orientation programs, and yet there has been no confirmed sighting of the six foot seven teenager or his mother Melania or their Secret Service entourage. So where is Barron and what very good school did he pick? Daily Beast doesn't have a TV network.


We do. Or we have a YouTube digital media network here where we can do these videos. So with all of that bad Fox reporting, I I, I wanna give a hat tip to Daily Beast. It's good question. Where's he at? Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Thanks for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.