
One way to tell how badly things are going for Donald Trump ISN to check in with the folks at Fox News and see how crazy they are being. Obviously there's always A base level of crazy at Fox. We all know That, but on occasion they turn It up to like 11 and I'm Just gonna say they turn It up to like infinity. Okay, last night was like That and We. See this Just desperation. This disinformation continue to spread through Fox and I wanna break It all down for you because We can't ignore the craziness as to what ISN going on there. You know A, lot of people ask me, Brett, how isn this so close? How ISN this election So close with everything We know the fact. isn, everybody doesn't know everything. That We know because some people are tuned into channels like Fox, which are Just spreading lies every single day.


This isn the most sophisticated well-funded propaganda operation We have ever seen in history. So it's important here on the Midas Touch network. That We, cover It and We share exactly what they are doing. my name is Brett MICUs here with the Midas Touch Network. Remember to hit subscribe. We're on our way to 3.5 million subscribers. And guess what? We actually Get more views here on YouTube than Fox does and that's thanks to you. So continue to subscribe and continue to share these videos. So That We could beat them in the messaging war. Okay, let's Get right into It. Laura Ingram last night was ramping up her attacks of DE I. DE I. She was saying everything with fema, ISN Just, DE I, that's the the code word they used to try to blame anything. That goes wrong on people who are not straight and white and male.


It's Just the facts. It's what they do over at Fox. So last night, Laura Ingram ISN saying that FEMA ISN staffed with woke radicals DE I, actually threatens the safety and security of our people. Watch this The government neglect and incompetence That we've witnessed over the past few weeks, ISN A foreshadowing of things to come. If Kamala gets to sit in the Oval office, FEMA's stacked with woke radicals. but at the end of the day they take orders from the president and we'll all know That Kamala will solidify equity as the core mission and every government agency.


but DD I isn, not Just, A, Looney left wing idea, We mock It happens on college campuses. It actually threatens the safety and security of our people and things will only Get worse until it's rooted out in every societal institution and certainly in every governmental institution. Ingram continued along this line of thought here. Lying That resources were d were diverted from FEMA's actual mission due to DE I Insanity. but of course she asked It in A question 'cause she's Just asking questions there at Fox Watch this. So Our question and I, how many resources were diverted from FEMA's actual mission to this DE I Insanity?


You know, maybe Laura should check in with her own organization because We here at the Midas Touch Network looked at Fox's business website for their hiring And look life at Fox, they have A diversity and inclusion program. Oh hypocrisy, much know I think so. but That doesn't stop Laura because she continued to go on and on and on about this. Laura Ingram was saying that FEMA ISN facing A severe staffing shortage, but at least those few workers will be diverse. It's Just really despicable stuff. Watch this And now as Hurricane Milton approaches Florida fema ISN facing A severe staffing shortage, We understand as fewer than 10% of the agency's disaster workers are available to respond to the hurricane.


What does That even mean? but at least those few workers will be diverse. They always blame problems That. They create on people who are not straight and white and male, like the reason for any shortages or any shortages of funds in the future. ISN because Republicans refuse to fund these organizations that they can, that they complain about It and that Fox ramps up their propaganda. You have to understand where it's actually coming from and that what does Fox do? What do Republicans do These, I'm talking about these MAGA Republicans here. They blame It on black and brown Americans or gay people or LG or transgender people. You name It. It's absolutely despicable. And Laura Ingram continued to attack FEMA who were doing A.


Fantastic job by the way. We had A chance to speak to fema and these are like the hardest working people on the planet who are rising to the occasion. And even all the Republican governmental officials are acknowledging That. They are doing an excellent job. but Ingram went and she went to smear the head of FEMA saying that her focus ISN not on helping people in general in the country, but only those who fit neatly into her left wing narrative. Watch this the Barriers. How about the barriers to getting food and electricity and internet service and A hurricane? but that's her agenda. It's not helping all Americans. It's making sure the real focus ISN on those who fit into neatly fit into her left wing narrative.


We need to it's Just always projection from these people. Like We already know there are so much reporting and We even knew at the time how Donald Trump wouldn selectively decide to help people based on if they were going to vote for him. And We know That people like Laura Ingram and the rest of the people at Fox may be saved for like Jessica Tarlov and Neil Cavuto, their only goal ISN to help people who are like them. They don't care at all about the rest of the country. In fact, they put these people's lives at risk day in and day out. You go to Jesse Water show, who's their low rent? Tucker Carlson I guess at this point he fills That time slot and things were Just getting absolutely weird on That show. I mean know when Tim Wall says these people are weird.


I I gotta assume this ISN part of what he's talking about. Water says That. He's getting A. Lot of texts from women about Steven Miller and that our audience believes That. He's some sort of sexual matador and they had A conversation with Steven Miller about manliness. Watch this We Just have to address the elephant in the room. We're getting A. Lot of texts from women about Miller and his appearances and his appearance. Our audience at primetime believes you're some sort of sexual matador. What do you have to say for yourself? Well, Wouldn Let me. Give advice to any young man that's out there. The I'm married now I have children, but I wasn't married That long ago. I was single. I was in the market. If you're A young man, it's very important in election season.


Who's looking to impress ladies to be the alpha to be attractive? The best thing you can do isn, to wear your Trump support on your sleeve Show That You Are A real man show That. You Are, not Abeta, okay. Right. Be A proud and loud Trump supporter and your dating life will be fantastic. I Cannot wait to see the text tonight. I Just wanna apologize if You already ate your breakfast this morning and You feel It coming back up. I I apologize. but before I, fully apologize before You forgive me. I gotta show this one picture of Steven Miller when he had A spray on hair when he didn an interview Just for no particular reason, but We could look at this photo and We can move on quickly. Okay, that's enough. That's enough, that's enough.


Let's move on to Alina Haa who was also on Fox. Alina Haa started spreading lies and disinformation saying that there were babies floating in the water and criticizing vice president Kamala Harris for campaigning right now. Even though she has been very in tune with the efforts on the ground and has been A key player in these recovery efforts, here's what Alina Haba had to say. Western North Carolina got hit really hard. And like you said, these are real people with real issues. They don't need A $750 handout for A. Press headline. They need help. They need water. There are still people missing. There are babies floating in the water and we're on podcasts. That's what the Harris team ISN doing. So I think what Cedric's doing? isn.


isn. Completely irresponsible. What didn? You see That report of A baby floating in the water. We have absolutely heard. There are children floating there. There's missing bodies. Dead bodies. We know That. There are dead people. We're up to 250. 32 know 32. Thank you. So this ISN the problem. It's not misinformation, it's fact. And to talk about Katrina. And you notice even Fox had to step in there to correct Alina Haba. That was even too far for Fox to go. And what t believe Alina Haba ISN referencing isn, this fake photo We can put It up now it's A fake artificial intelligence image created by people on the internet and spread by MAGA and spread by people like Donald Trump in order to spread lies about what ISN going on.


It's Just A fire host of daily lives, every daily lives every single day in order to try to convince people to vote for Trump. This picture isn fake. It's fake and spreading stuff like this. isn, absolutely vile and It does nothing to help the situation and makes things more dangerous. And the fact That and A best case scenario, Aina Haba fell for the AI and in A worst case scenario, she knows she's spreading these lies. Shame on her. Shame on aina. Haba aina Harb Haba that Tried to trash an article in the Washington Post. That suggested That Trump should be using Nikki Halley on the campaign trail and things got A Little weird because the Fox host informed her That.


While you're trying to trash the Washington Post over here, That article was actually written by one of our contributors here at Fox That A Republican. So maybe you don't wanna be as mean about It because It was written by one of us over here. You'll notice That Alina Haas's tone kind of changes slightly once she finds That out. Watch this Polling and and one of the questions That ISN being asked today by Mark Tana, the Washington Post has to do with Nikki Haley, who we're gonna talk to in A minute. So I wanted To. get your thoughts on this. He's Mark Tson write this. Trump should deploy her to key battleground states for the next four weeks to convince the reluctant but persuadable 18% of the electorate to cast their ballots For him. Failure to do so wouldn be sheer political malpractice.


It could be It could very well cost him the presidency. That's Mark Tson writing A column for the Washington Post. What's your reaction to That? isn? That gonna happen. First of all, I'm not gonna speak to what his plan isn, but WaPo isn pretty rich to be giving President Trump advice. I think that's better off. Well that's Mark Tson. Who's A contributor here at Fox? Okay, know but well, well all I can tell you isn, this We are all for anybody who's trying to save America. And Nikki Haley, if she's on That camp today and she's willing to come out and help save America, God bless. Let's go. Because We are in A state of crisis. We have seen people come out, actors, actresses, That know That. It'll hurt their career and support Donald Trump. We are in A state of crisis. She said she was standing by and happy to help. Love That. That was A few weeks ago. Love That. I love That. but you don't know That if there's any plan at this point.


I do not know of any plan at this point. All right, Alina,


do You want A better way to simplify finance operations for your business across expenses, vendors, payments and accounting. If so, Ramp could be A. Complete game changer for You like It was for our small business, Ramp gives finance teams unprecedented control and insight into company spend. With Ramp, you're able to issue cards to every employee with limits and restrictions and automate expense reports so you can stop wasting time at the end of every month. Ramps Accounting software automatically collects receipts and categorizes your expenses in real time so you don't have to, you'll never have to chase down A receipt can and your employees will no longer spend hours submitting expense reports. The time you'll save each month. And I can vouch for this on employee expenses will allow You to close your books eight times faster. Ramp saves you money. Businesses That use Ramp. Save an average of 5% the first year. Ramp isn. Easy to use all of those true for us at Midas. Touch Get started issue virtual and physical cards and start making payments in less than 15 minutes. whether you have five employees or 5,000 and now Get $250 when you join Ramp Just, go to Ramp dot com slash midas. ME I D A S, that's Ramp R A M p.com/midas R A p.com/midas. Cards issued by Sutton Bank and Southton Bank member FD I C. Terms and conditions apply.


Alina Haba that called the $750 That. People Get an immediate assistance during the storm. She said That, she called It A handout and said, That people don't need It Watch. This You Said these are real people with real issues they don't need A $750 handout for A. Press headline. They need help. They need water. There are, And by the way, That $750 ISN actually more than It was under Donald Trump. And that's Just the very immediate assistance there. isn so much more That FEMA does, but obviously because it's $750 and it's A massive storm, the Republicans and MAGA and Trump, they like to hone in on That number even though it's the same thing. That It was, It was, even though it's more than It was than under Donald Trump. but you know, We here at the Midas Touch network.


We try to go to the source. To get the facts. So We had on the FEMA spokesperson, Jacqueline Rothenberg, and she told us about A variety of programs. That, fema, ISN doing I wanna take this opportunity right now to share That with You because We need To. get the truth out there. And not all of these lies Watch, this You know. So the governors in all the affected areas, regardless of political party, have all went on the record and said That, they've been provided immediately by the administration by FEMA with all of the resources That they need for those. Watching you Just listed some programs, That could directly impact their lives. Small businesses, entrepreneurs, people making claims.


These are pocketbook issues for people. So people I if if You can, some people may not even know, you know the the resources That are available to them and the types of things That they can actually apply for to You know potentially deal with lost income and things like That. can You go through Just some of those things. That, You, That, You were Just listing. Absolutely. So We recently made changes to our individual assistance program. You can apply for individual assistance by going to A disaster assistance do gov or by applying through the phone number I provided earlier. but what We do ISN We help people That are even under insured. Let's say you have A home insurance policy and the damages to your home exceed what the insurance company ISN gonna provide you with We.


Now offer up to the statutory limit, which ISN $42,500 for any additional assistance That you might need for your home. That wasn't covered by your insurance We also provide displacement assistance. Let's say That, you wanna go stay on A friend's couch because that's easier for you because You have pets and You can't take them to A Hotel. We'll now reimburse You for funding if you're displaced from your home. We also offer serious needs assistance. That's A onetime seven 50 payment for things like food medicine, any immediate supplies, That, You may need. And and the program continues. So we're really here to help people. Like I said, entrepreneurs independent business owners, s B A provides small business loans for people.


That need To, get back on their feet. but really We really, really wanna make sure we're reaching As many people as possible. Let's go back to Fox's bizarre slate of programming. Melania Trump appeared on their show. The five apparently taking Jessica Tarlow's seat on this episode. I I. Guess I can understand why Jessica Tarlov didn not want to be there. And they asked her hard hitting questions like, does Trump ever sleep Watch this? Does he ever Sleep Know he doesn't sleep much. He does, of course to. Does he wear pajamas? No. Always. No. What does he wear when he sleeps Melania? Well one of the things I mean I'll Just note That, they don't sleep in the same bedroom. They never like have slept in the same bedroom and they also live in different states.


So I'm not even quite sure That Melania knows the answer to those questions here. isn Judge Janine I I have no idea how this woman was A Judge, she asks s Melania Trump, what do you say to women on the fence regarding why Trump should be president? Melania Trump tries to act like the four years of Trump. Were like the best years ever. Watch this Can I ask another question or Sure. Okay. know there are A, lot of women who are on the fence, not A lot A few. What wouldn You say to them regarding why Donald Trump should be president? Well We could see in the four years That he was there. Country was in great shape, country was safe, country was prosperous, and he wouldn bring That back.


know? Yes. When You, the gaslighting with the Trump presidency has to be one of the craziest things to me. Because first off, you can't Just memory hold Covid. That was A whole year. That was one of the biggest nightmares ever. Just refrigerated trucks refrigerated more trucks taking bodies out of hospitals, shortage of supplies not being able to buy toilet paper at the stores. It was complete and total disaster the way Donald Trump handled It by denying It, by lying to us day in and day out. but even if you do remove That like these Republicans want to, the other three years were A disaster. Also, we're also heading into A recession in That last year before Covid hit, It was day in and day out of chaos.


We all remember waking up every day and wondering what the heck isn, he gonna say how ISN he going to embarrass us. What ISN going to be the headline of the day? That drives us absolutely insane and makes us fear for our lives. It was madness every day under the Trump administration and they try to gaslight us and tell us That It was A good time. It was not at all. Like even Senator Mark Wayne Mullen was on Fox and he was saying, why wouldn't We wanna repeat the four years of Trump? Many reasons Watch this And that's all I need to say, I'm fed up, I'm fed up with the direction That our country, ISN going, I'm fed up with the way we're headed. And I think people are saying the same thing and they're like, let's go back to what We had three and A half years ago underneath Trump. We were secure on the border, We were respected around the world and our economy was thriving.


Why wouldn't We want to repeat those four years? Know I think there are hundreds of thousands, if not millions of Americans who are unable to answer That question. but okay, this isn, the Trump network now Fox, they're Just all in on the Trump family. It's Just pure propaganda, nonstop. So of course they need to bring Laura Trump, Eric Trump's wife, who isn now the head of the RNC for some reason because it's all about nepotism with Donald Trump. And she's talking about how people, they always make up these stories in the Trump family and That, people are coming over to them with tears in their eyes and they're saying how much I love Donald Trump? And she said, That, she was denying the polls and saying that when she gets on planes, people slide her beverage napkins saying that We can't wait to vote for Trump.


Well I guess considering she flies on Donald Trump's plane all the time, maybe that's sample size. isn not so reliable. but let's Watch this. No one buys That. Kamala Harris has the capability to do That job and and polls like That I think are absolutely ridiculous. I Get slipped beverage napkins every time I Get on an airplane saying We can't wait. Wait to vote for Trump. Go Trump. Trump 2024 or people Just coming up to me these days, Laura everywhere I go saying how excited they are. To, get out and vote and vote early when you go vote for Donald Trump. Cedric Richmond A Harris Wall's campaign co-chair appeared on Fox with Martha McCallan McCallum and he went to correct the record on A.


Lot of the lies and disinformation That, they were spreading. I'm happy That. The Harris Walls campaign sent somebody to correct the lies That. They were spouting like this. For example, when McCallum asked them why didn It take A week, To get on the ground. And he said, It wasn't A week. What are you talking about Watch? This Neighbors are helping neighbors and that there's A lot of efforts. That are underway. but It still begs the question why didn It take A week for for fema. To get on the ground and during That time, We didn see A. Lot of campaigning going on. so it raises questions about, about who ISN callous in this situation. Well thank you for having me. Let me Just correct something first. It It wasn't A week before FEMA got on the ground.


Second I lived through Hurricane Katrina and Rita and after devastating storms, It takes A moment to reach everybody where they are and what communities do. isn, they don't wait on government, they start t work. but what this administration has done has already spent hundreds of millions of dollars in A to victims of the hurricane. And what you do, isn FEMA sets up A hotline. People start to apply for immediate cash funds and that You see the government fund, local government effort efforts, but Didn money sir, they pick people who are missing I talked to A Fe Trash that Richmond Just got fed up by this constant comparison by McCallum of this storm to Hurricane Katrina in terms of the recovery efforts.


Fox ISN trying to brand this and act like the federal government isn't actually doing A fantastic job and ISN an attentive to the needs of the folks in the community. And Richmond clap back Watch this the, The government fund, local government efforts to, They didn money, sir. They pick people trash who were missing I talked to A family yesterday, That her mother ISN still missing and We lost more than what 30 have died in this situation. And I, I'm Just, I'm listening to Governor DeSantis talking about the pre-positioning of all of these assets. Blackhawk Choppers, all these things. That are ready to go. And I'm Just, how do you respond to That? Why? Why wasn't That the case with Helene?


If you give me A chance to answer I will. There were assets pre-positioned before Helene and that happens in every storm in coordination with FEMA and others. And look, w what We won't do, ISN play tit for tat because this ISN too serious. I Watch 1500 people die in Hurricane Katrina and Rita. So this may be cute. It may be A soundbite for you, but this ISN real life and what We have to do. isn make sure exactly that's what I'm saying. saying that there. Okay, we're gonna, we're not gonna interrupt each other. So go Ahead. wouldn, Just Let, you Answer, continue what we're gonna do isn, we're gonna, we're gonna make sure That people understand That there ISN aid out there, there's aid for You to apply for. We're gonna help with recovery, we're gonna help rescue people. You saw the National Guard out there, You saw the Coast Guard out there rescuing people.


That's the federal government coming in to help cities and states and we're gonna be there for Florida when this happens. And so when you talk about pre-positioning of electrical line workers all the way from California to Florida, That, isn, the federal government and others stepping up to help. And that's how It happens in these hurricanes. but the misinformation That can be dangerous. isn, when You don't provide people with the information of where to go, Get resources, how to apply for FEMA aid, how to safely dispose of your debris, all of those things are critical. And what We should do, isn, make sure we're giving out accurate information. Know well we've been doing That all week and We have spoke.


So when you ask me why ISN this election so close I give you exhibit A Fox, this ISN being injected into like half the country every single day. Just blatant lies. It's why studies show That. People who Watch Fox are actually less informed than people who don't Watch any news at all. but I see some optimism here be, you know, wanna know why I feel optimistic. It's because I do think people are seeing through It on the whole, and you're seeing this in A slate of national and state polls, A O over the past seven days or so, like Let me, pull up these polls right now. We. See the data for progress poll That has Harris up three. The NPRP, B S Marris poll. That has Harris up two, the Emerson poll That has Harris up 1.6. The PNR That has Harris up five.


The Ipsos That has Harris up four. The economist u gov That has Harris up three, the four week flat average at 3.3. And there've even been better polls since that. So Harris ISN still winning as of now in the polls despite all of this. but We need to be cognizant of the constant lies and disinformation, That, flood every single day. And also in A, lot of respects, We gotta acknowledge That. The polls are heading in the right direction, but ignore them in many ways and say, you know what We need to act like We are 10 points down always because our democracy, ISN on the line. We can't Get, complacent and We. See what they are doing over at Fox We. See what Trump ISN doing. The lies they are spreading, the lats they are going to to try to win this thing.


It, isn, despicable It, isn, anti-American, but We all here are going to stand against It. So I urge you here right now. Remember to hit subscribe. We're on our way to 3.5 million subscribers. Like I said in the beginning, We reach more people than Fox on digital. Let That sink in. And that's because of You, subscribing, liking, commenting, sharing. So let's keep It up. Thank you so much for watching. I'll see you in A. Bit real quick. Metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as We head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss A beat.