
Have you ever spotted McDonald's hot crispy fries, right as they're being scooped into the carton and time just stands still.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com Cancel any anytime terms apply.


What makes a great pair of glasses At Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


I mean, Fox is more shameless than Russia state regime. Media Fox is more shameless than North Korea State regime Media. I mean it. I mean, Putin and Kim Jong-un must be like, Hey, Fox, can you maybe teach our state regime media what you're doing? Give us some tips. I mean, after Donald Trump disgrace, the United States humiliated himself with that despicable appearance in the Oval Office where he and JD Vance laundered Putin's talking points to attack Ukrainian President Zelensky in the Oval Office in front of the world Media. Unfortunately, Zelensky stood up to Donald Trump and pushed back, and apparently that made Donald Trump have a boo boo that hurt Donald Trump's feeling.


So Trump said, peace talks are now off because Donald Trump's a petulant little third grade bully, no offense to petulant third grade bullies. So Fox, which calls itself Fox News, which it isn't, they had to cover for Donald Trump. They had to say Zelensky was bad and Zelensky was rude. And dear leader was so strong. So let me show you what went down. You had Laura Ingraham say the following, let's play it. Zelensky was like an annoying gnat. He never shut up in camouflage, but bye bye. I Think she's describing herself and other Fox hosts there like Jesse Waters, who then said the following, We run the world.


This is America's world. He's our proxy. This world, this ends when we say it ends, it doesn't end. When Zelensky, if he wants to go it alone, go it alone. I'm glad we helped him. Russia invaded. We got his back. At first it was the right thing to do, but now it's not. Now the war's over and he doesn't recognize it's over. And reality is going to eat this guy alive if he doesn't recognize this. What? He goes, we run the world. This is America's world. He's our proxy. I mean, these people are cartoonishly evil and pathetic and dumb. Like, I can't even believe what I am watching.


I mean, I can, I guess because it's Jesse Waters and Laura Ingram and Sean Ity. But this is so utterly pathetic. So then you have Laura Ingram brings on the propaganda. She calls herself a press secretary, Caroline Levitt, and she goes, oh, Zelensky was so rude. He was a rude to Donald Trump, and you can't be rude to dear leader here play this clip. So he was on the brink of signing a, an economic agreement that would've ensured economic prosperity for the Ukrainian people and recouped American tax dollars for funding this war. Instead, because of his rude and antagonistic ways, the deal blew up in his face pre He's the worst.


Again, this is all so pathetic. And then they call on this guy who's like, when you're coming for a peace deal, put on a suit. Why wasn't Zelinsky wearing a suit here? Play this clip. When You're coming in for a peace deal. Put a suit on. He used to wear suits. A suit is not a costume. His Walgreens regalia, that's a costume like the one he wore on the cover of Vogue in 2022. You get the feeling this whole thing is kind of dress up. I mean, he's not exactly Winston Churchill. Yeah, well, I think when Churchill wanted, you know, America to get, you know, involved in World War ii, can you imagine him coming over here and kind of insulting, you know, FDR? Yeah, just strafing the whole Oval Office that probably wouldn't have, Elon Musk doesn't wear suits either.


We should say no. And also wears hats and t-shirts in the Oval Office. But that's kind of his, he's not asking, asking for money. He's volunteering government. Yeah, and volunteering the services, right. He's not, he's trying to give your money back, not take it. So, you know, you gotta dress for the occasion. But boy, that thing was like WWF Friday night smack. What are These people even talking about? I mean, y'all see the insanity here, that this is what Fox is doing. If you see the, you know, the sleight of hand, they're gonna turn this against Zelensky. But this seems like it was all kind of part of the plan to begin with. You know, try to provoke a fight and then be like, well, that's why I guess we should let Putin do the genocide in Ukraine, because Donald Trump got his feelings hurt for, for for what reason too.


I mean, there's nothing that Zelensky did in the Oval Office that was wrong. I mean, Donald Trump and JD Vance were behaving amateurish, pathetic, undignified. I mean, they were behaving just so ghoulishly and all Zelensky was like, is yeah, Putin's a bad guy and stop blaming Ukraine for Russia invading it. I mean, and Zelensky said thank you over and over again. What did you expect him to do? I mean, but this brings you into the psychology of these spineless Magar Republicans who literally behave the way like North Korean politicians behave to Kim Jong-un.


I'd never thought this could happen in the United States of America, these spineless people. Here's Jesse Waters saying, oh, everyone should be friendly. And what Zelinsky did was undignified here play this clip. Everyone seemed friendly about to eat lunch doing what they do. Then for some reason, Zelinsky got an attitude And they bring on these spineless magar Republican senators right here, like Senator Schmidt and Senator Schmidt, basically like you do not disrespect Amer. That was disrespectful. Here, play this clip. Embarrassed. Adam Kininger is very embarrassed. Do they realize they're actually hurting their cause by appearing on television?


I mean, it's making it harder to get to any time of any positive outcome for Ukraine. Yeah, the America last crowd has always got something to say, but I think today was telling, and I think people should pay attention to the people who were defending Zelensky versus the people who were defending America. So it's a kind of a defining day. I think a fault line that had existed for a while is now out in the open. And it's very, as you said, it's very educational, it's very instructive. But the truth of the matter is, we're Americans, that's our president and no foreign leader comes into the Oval Office and disrespects us. Never that way. Especially when we're trying to help. I Mean, I mean, I think all, like all of these people are just straight up crazy at this point. Like we're watching a bunch of like, like maniacs.


I mean, here is Senator Shi, Senator Schmidt again, here's what he has to say. Play this clip. And they were very clear today. I just think, and I also have golfed with President Trump from time to time today for Zelensky. This was a gimme. This was a one foot putt that he just blew past the hole with his arrogance and his smugness, it totally backfired. The biggest losers here are the Ukrainian people. 'cause you have an American president, the only person on the planet, Laura, who can bring peace. And he couldn't bring himself just to say thank you today to say thank you and just listen as opposed to popping off. And then he got escorted out of the Oval Office and out of the White House. So this thing's really, you know, in, in jeopardy now. And I think that, but I'm glad the American people have a president and a vice president who willing to stand up for them


Mornings in my house, non-negotiable coffee time. It's the one thing that has to be perfect to start my day off, right? But for the longest time, I was getting frustrated, either grabbing some overpriced $7 cup from the local coffee shop or settling for stale generic coffee from the grocery store. Then I found trade, and now my morning coffee actually feels like a treat without the ridiculous price tag. And you know, I take my coffee seriously. Trade is the number one US specialty coffee marketplace, bringing you fresh coffee from over 50 of the country's top roasters. And they don't just send you whatever's lying around. Trades experts have taste tested thousands of coffees to curate 450 incredible roasts. So you get matched with something that actually fits your taste. I took trades, quick coffee quiz, and in under a minute they matched me with some amazing roasts. I just got a bag delivered of Colombian coffee from a roaster called Clutch. And honestly, the smell alone was worth it. It was so smooth and flavorful. You could actually taste the difference in fresh roasted to order coffee. And I'm never ever going back to the old stuff. And here's the best part, trades prices are on par with grocery store brands, but the quality is next level. Plus you're supporting local roasters. So better coffee, better value, and you don't even have to leave the house. It's a win-win win. Right now Trade is exclusively offering our listeners 40% off your first order@drinktrade.com slash midas. That's drink trade TRAD e.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for 40% off your first order. Drink trade.com/midas.


Let me bring you back to Caroline Levitt. Let's play it. And so it's very unfortunate for the Ukrainian people and for President Zelinsky that he walked in with this mindset of give, give, give, take from, from the American people without much gratitude for what the American people have done here. Caroline Levitt is, again, His countrymen are dying. And most of all, president Zelinsky failed to recognize that he is walking into the Oval Office with a new sheriff in town, and that sheriff is Donald Trump. Then they bring in this guy Scott Bessant, their treasury secretary, who's just like the most arrogant guy ever to, and he was like, oh, you know, the Democrat, just watch this. Let's play It. But I have to tell you, Laura, today, I was shocked that he would behave like this on camera in front of the world when we were, if he had issues he wanted to bring up with President Trump, the proper venue for that would've been 15 minutes later, we were going to walk into the White House dining room and have lunch just 16 of us.


And he could have the voiced his concerns privately. I actually think, you know, everyone's the, the Democratic side of the ledger saying, oh, this was a setup. Vice President Vance and President Trump set up President Zelensky. I actually think he was always gonna do this. And I think he was surprised with the forceful reaction he got back, Mr. Secretary. This was something to behold. People say, oh, well, Trump was the aggressor. I mean, Zelensky was coming to get help from the United States continued help. And he disrespected his host. You just don't do that. I I back To Jesse Waters right here. No, no, you've done a lot of talking.


Your country is in big Trouble. I know you're Not winning. I know you're not winning this. Don't tell the vice president, he is speaking too loudly. He can speak however he wants to in the White House. Have you ever seen a foreign leader come into America and talk this way? And by the way, give President Zelinsky credit, he went on Fox and he defended himself, he defended his country, and he said, there's nothing I need to apologize for. I'm very thankful for the American people. I've told Trump I was thankful for him before. I've told JD Vance, I'm thankful for him. I've told former President Biden, I'm thankful. I've said, I'm thankful a hundred times. Just stop saying that Putin is a good guy and stop blaming Ukraine for Russians killing Ukrainians.


That's all I'm saying. I, I as a Ukrainian am not going to accept that Russia is the good guy here and that's all Zelinsky saying. So there's nothing I need to apologize for here, play this clips fire During all these years, 10 years. So I'm not hearing from you, Mr. President, a thought that you owe the president an apology. No, I respect president and I respect American people. And if, I don't know if I think that we have to be very open and very honest, and I'm not sure that we did something bad. I think maybe sometimes some, some, some things we have to discuss out of, out of media with all respect to democracy and to free media.


But there are things that where we have to understand the position of Ukraine and Ukrainians. And I think that is the most important thing. And again, just the behavior like, oh, Zelinsky, you need to like Fox as the propaganda network. You wanna say you're sorry, do you want, it's like, what? There's something I can say I'm sorry for. It's like insane. Here's Zelinsky is again, let's play it. Do You think the public spat in the Oval office in front of the media served Ukrainians? Well today, I, I think this kind of, this kind of spat is, is, I mean this, we have, I mean, this is is not good for both sides anyway. And I will, I, we open, but I can't, you know, change our Ukrainian attitude to Russian.


And I don't want, they, they're kill us for us. You know, this is very, very clear that Americans are the best, our friends, Europeans are the best, our friends and Putin with Russian, they're enemies. And it doesn't mean that we don't want peace. We just want to recognize the reality, the real. Then they bring in Lindsey Graham, let me show you what Lindsey Graham has to say. President Trump handled it in a fashion that if I'm China, I'm Iran, I'm any wouldbe adversary I'd be worried about right now. He gave a masterclass and how to stand up for America.


Okay, so what we saw, I mean, Here's Lindsey Graham again. What Do you want to see happen next? Well, I don't know what's gonna happen next. I don't know If you can repair the damage. I don't know If you can ever do a deal with Zelensky anymore. Listen, did, did you see a guy that you felt good about going into business with? And I've been a fan. I've, I've, I I've, I met him more times than I can count, but today showed just poor judgment. Showed lack of control. Now, what I want him to do, I guess, is just to say, I screwed up big time for my country and for the US relationship. And if I had it all do over again, I'd done it differently. I'm sorry if he can't say that, then Ukraine, you either need to send us somebody new we can deal with or just accept the consequences.


Senator, thanks for popping On another clip of Lindsey Graham Takeaway. I told President Trump, I said, there's two ways to look at this. Your interaction with, with Zelensky was maybe the best television I've ever seen, but it's deeper than that. The world is now watching how Trump behaves and acts when he is pressed. I thought he stood up for America that we're a good people, we wanna help you, but we're gonna be respected. So I think Moscow is probably more afraid of Trump than ever hope the Chinese are, and I hope the Iranians are as to Zelensky and Ukraine to the Ukrainian people. America wants to help you the way the meeting went today, you made it almost impossible to help you.


And again, they're like, I need you to apologize. Apologize right now, here, play this clip. I just think there's no way the president could have signed that deal given the way he and JD and our country were treated. I don't know If you can put, put it back together. I don't know If you can repair the damage. And I busted my ass to try to help you train to make sure we help them win a war that would, or, you know, get this war over in a way that we don't have further aggression in Donald Trump's man to do it. I told him this morning, I, I told him, don't take the bait. Don't let the media or anybody else get you into a argument with President Trump. What he's doing today is resetting the relationship.


You should be grateful. Now, whether or not we can put this bat together, I don't know, but Zelensky is gonna be on your network tonight. If I were him, I would profusely apologize to the way he treated our president and the vice president in the Oval Office and show a little bit of gratitude for what the American people have done. Senator, how does Moscow and Putin look at this? No, I think Zelinsky demonstrated strength. And even when Donald Trump was outside of the White House, they were like, what do you want him to do, Donald? Like, what do you want Zelinsky to do? And Trump was like, say, stop saying negative things about Putin. Stop saying bad things about Putin. It's Putin this, Putin that. Yeah. 'cause Putin unlawfully invaded Ukraine.


You idiot. Here play this clip. What He, He's gotta say, I wanna make peace. He doesn't have to stand there and say about Putin this, Putin that and all negative things. He's gotta say, I wanna make peace. I don't want to fight a war any longer. His people are dying. He doesn't have, I'm telling you, this is the Trump's corruption and his evilness is matched by his Idiocracy. We're watching the most pathetic Putin pawns in the White House. Behave in, in a way that brings shame on the, it's, it's shameful as can be and to the rest of the world.


We're sorry for this, these freaking maniacs here until they rip this microphone from my very hand, we will stand with democracies across the world here in the United States and a broad at the Midas Touch Network. That's what we will do. Guess we're run by a maniac, authoritarian regime here now in the United States. But we will use this platform to continue to spread the truth. Thank you for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. The truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection@store.midastouch.com. All 100%. USA Union Made


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.