
My mother texted me after the speeches last night and she said, are you a Democrat yet? This is what I'm dealing with. Yep. Fox is really going through some things. That was Fox host Jesse Waters saying that his own mom was giving him a phone call saying, are you a Democrat? Yet? After watching the Democratic National Convention, by the way, I know Jesse Waters mom happens to be a big Midas Touch fan. What's going on? What's up? Thanks for supporting the Midas mighty. So what does Jesse Waters do? Not take his mom's advice. Instead, he spreads this like weird and creepy rumor that Governor Walls, because he taught in China, that means that the CCP must have coma on Governor walls because Governor Walls had his honeymoon in China.


So imagine what China has on Governor Walls. Folks, you can't make this up. Play this clip, Tana. And Tim's now under congressional investigation for his mysterious trips to communist China. 30 of them during a decade, nobody went to China. He honeymoon there, which means the chai comms have surveillance tapes of his honeymoon night. Think about it. Yep. And then you had, you had Jesse Ward saying the same thing last night. I mean the night before with MAGA Republican Congress member James Comer. Again, listen to what he's saying here. It is a very strange and, and, and just creepy thing to even like think about. And then in this clip right here, Jesse Water says like, forget about Donald Trump's and a P tape.


This is far more compromising that Governor Walls may have honeymooned in China. For, for real. This is what Fox is going with. Play this clip China. And you know about China, Congressman, you did this when you looked into Hunter. When you go to China. Yeah. They surveil you. If an American goes to China 30 times in the nineties, they have surveillance footage of him. They have surveillance footage. Yeah, probably of his honeymoon night. What kind of compromise is that? They were worried about Trump in a pee tape situation. That that was all made up. This is serious business. It it's very serious. China thinks long term. It's very possible that China would be grooming an up and coming rising star in the political process to try to have a foothold in our government.


I mean they've done this in the military. We've caught 'em with spy rings in their universities. This is how China operates. They think long term, and again, I can't say this enough, when you look at Hunter Biden's ties with Communist China, it was for money. It looks like Walter's ties may be for ideology, and this is something that we should be concerned about. And we're trying to gather as much information as we can, as quickly as we can to present to the American people. Oh, it says it a lot about Kamala Harris that You here, by the way, Dana Perino, one of the Fox correspondents used to work at the Bush administration. He or she talks about just the energy at the DNC, and she's like, look, all I'm telling you is that they've raised over $500 million thus far.


vice President, Kamala Harris and Governor Walden, they're packing multiple stadiums on the same night. Republicans have a problem here. Watch this. So wanna add one thing? I I think Jackie Heinrich report reported this morning that I guess there about the riff. I, I, I don't doubt that someone told her that. I actually wondered, though, when I saw it, if we were being punked, typically the candidate isn't here all four nights. Also, what Kamala Harris did last night, she went to a swing state. They filled another arena, the same one that President Trump was in just a, and we all were in a month ago. And the thing that's quite incredible is that why would they do that? Well, one of the reasons is because David PPL is now running this campaign, and he had run the Obama campaigns.


He knows exactly how to get new voters phone numbers and their names. And I bet that all of them were contacted today to say, will you vote? Can we count on you to vote? Can you give us $20? They just raised $500 million in the last month, and 62% of the people that donated are people who never even gave a dime to Joe Biden. So I think that was also probably the strategic reason to have her there in a swing state trying to get, then Of course, Jessica Tarlov here is just pitch perfect. She's the one like pro-democracy, voice on Fox play. This clip, Donald Trump's own administration got an extra 500, 1000 jobs magically out of thin air that had to be revised down.


So if you think that what Kamala or what Joe Biden did was fraudulent, then you think what Donald Trump did was fraudulent. The perhaps Much. How were they revised down? Oh, you're going with that? So have no, how much Were they revised down? They were fake jobs. Sorry, he's sitting next to me. Can I go? They don't exist. One thing that then You had Jesse Waters complaining that Barack Obama made fun of Donald Trump. And remember when Barack Obama said, what's disguised obsession with crowd sizes? Here, watch this. Barack Obama even said, Trump has a small Anthony Wiener. Here's a 78-year-old billionaire who has not stopped whining about his problems since he rode down his golden escalator nine years ago.


It has been a constant stream of, of gripes and grievances that that's actually been getting worse now that he is afraid of losing the Kamala. There's the childish nicknames, the crazy conspiracy theories, this weird obsession with crowd sizes. And then here, Laura Ingraham, one of the Fox hoes, she complains that the Obamas were too mean to Trump just being too mean Here play the clip. They Sometimes sound like a bunch of mean girls in the cafeteria. They have AdChoices America between the man who left our country a total mess, and the woman who has spent four years cleaning it up, Doubling down on ugly, misogynistic, racist lives as a substitute for real ideas and solutions.


This Weird obsession with Crowd sizes. The Kamala crew is unserious, and that now includes the Obamas who stole the show with one liners trashing Trump, something we'd expect from snarky late night TV hosts, not necessarily from a president and a former First Lady. I love this response here from the only pro-democracy voice on Fox Jessica Tarla, where she goes after all that Trump said about Barack Obama and Michelle Obama. They're okay to to say that play this clip. Yeah, but those were compelling, well delivered speeches that were exactly what Kamala needed, and people complaining about the tone or the tenor of it.


Obviously didn't watch the RNC, which was all about demonizing. Joe Biden and I have forgotten, I guess, that Donald Trump was an OG birther Barack Obama and Michelle Obama need never be kind about that man for saying what he did about them. I Also, by the way, our Gen Z correspondent, who's at the DNC right now, Adam Achler asked Jamie Raskin about what his view was on Barack Obama, Michelle Obama, and Democrats finally punching back at Donald Trump and mocking him. Watch what Jamie Raskin had to say. Here play this clip end Today, sir. So can I ask you, first of all, introduce yourself. Everyone knows you, but introduce Yourself. It's Congressman Jamie Raskin from Maryland's beautiful eighth District.


I wanna ask you, how do you feel about Michelle Obama's evolution from saying when they go low, we go high to her not pulling punches? You know, we go high in terms of our values, our ambitions, and our aspirations for America. But the post-Trump Democratic party's a very different party than the pre-Trump party because we know what these people are capable of, fraud, violence, corruption, and we're not taking any nonsense from them. We're calling it out. So I'm totally with Michelle Obama.


If you Think as a kid, I loved eating cereal, but as an adult, I don't want all that sugar. And most cereals don't get me the protein I need. Then I found Magic Spoon, a Nostalgically Delicious cereal that tastes just like my childhood favorites, but without the sugar and with a ton of protein. And if you're already a Magic Spoon fan like I am, I have big news. Magic Spoon has turned their super popular cereal into high protein treats that are light, crispy and taste just like those classic crunchy cereal bars, magic spoons, brand new treats are so delicious and have already become my favorite. Before and after Gym snack. Every serving of Magic Spoon Cereal has 13 grams of protein, zero grams of sugar, and four grams of net carb. So you can feel good about what you are eating. The most popular flavors are fruity and cocoa, and there's so many more. I love the cocoa ones. Magic spoons. Brand new treats are crispy, crunchy, airy, and an easy way to get 11 grams of protein on the go. And for the first time ever, magic Spoon treats are available in grocery stores with delicious flavors like marshmallow and chocolate peanut butter, chocolatey peanut butter. I personally love magic spoons, chocolatey peanut butter treats. I have one every morning to start the day off on the right foot, and I know you will love it as well. Get $5 off your next order@magicspoon.com slash midas or look for Magic Spoon in your nearest grocery store. That's magic spoon.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for $5 off magic spoon. Hold on to the dream magic spoon.com/midas.


And by the way, the fact that Jesse Waters and Laura Ingram are out there complaining that people are being just too mean to Donald Trump. Come on, give me a break. Was it two nights ago, Jesse Waters was on Fox saying that he's sending people to Hawaii to find former President Barack Obama's birth certificate. For real? They're, they're bringing back the birth certificate Crap again. Here, play this Clip. There is a weird vibe going on. I can't figure it out, but I will tell you this, Greg Barack Obama, still the godfather of this machine. He gave us Joe Biden, his vp, he gave us Hillary as Secretary of State, then he could Joe put all his boys with Kamala team and had his wing man holder Vet Waltz.


Now you guys a young 63, he's gonna be doing this for the next 25 years. He's definitely gonna interfere in this election. That's why we'll be sending Johnny to Hawaii to get the truth about the birth certificate. This time we will dig deep and find out what really happened. Hmm. Gotta love Tim Ryan here on Fox play the clip. The Trump record is one thing, a tax cut that went primarily to the richest people in the country and left everybody out. You guys couldn't pass an infrastructure Bill Kelly at all. Kelly, you tried, you couldn't do it. Every week was infrastructure week and the Trump White House. We don't wanna talk about Kamala, he Kamala conversation at break. I just, you what a convention.


I told you. I just told You what the Biden or with The Biden nominee, we haven't, she doesn't have anything on her privacy list discussion at Point. These are all things Than she has spoken in a month. Tim Ryan, everybody. That's the record Speaking. I'm not even sure what Harrison Faulkner Fox host even means here play this clip. Yeah. And, and Barack Obama did say that everybody's worth listening to. I don't know if you wanna sit down with anti-Semitic, but I guess that's one's choice, Kaley. So then these magars have to like live in their own universe where they claim that Kerry Lake is winning the race in the Arizona Senate. Despite like every poll having heard behind, take a look at this. You have MAGA Republican Senator Steve Danes on Fox and you know, Neil Cavuto pushed back.


You know, I, I think that that's pretty good that at least he pushed backs here. Play this clip to Arizona, another open seat. Carrie Lake right now is tied running against her opponent, who is the most liberal Senate county on the ballot. Ruben Gallego. We like her. Oz in Arizona. Look at Maryland. Larry Hogan, outstanding candidate. Another open seat in, in a state that Larry was the, the elected Republican governor twice in a state that we know that Kamala Harris will win Maryland. That's nothing new. But Larry Hogan is one of these maverick kind of independent guys. No, He certainly, he certainly. But in the case of his situation in Maryland, carry of course in Arizona, the latest polls seem to show about a four to five point gap favoring the Democrat.


Now that could change to your point, but one way or the other, it will be kind of a battle right down to November. Right? Well, well it will. And just remember, got it. Schumer's gotta pitch a perfect game here in every one of these races, including Montana. And he's gotta beat either Ted Cruz or Rick Scott in those states if he ever wants to hold this majority. So just looking Then JD Vance makes yet another terrible appearance on Fox play this clip. How, How do you guys make that pitch of, okay, you guys are great, great on policy. It seems like when you look at the polling data, the American people actually agree with you on policy, but there's that other element. People vote based on how they feel. And I'm not just talking about when they go to the grocery store or anything like that, but they need to connect with you.


So how do you layer good policy with good feelings as well? Because that seems to be an achille he heel of the Republican Party. Even the guys I talked to yesterday, they said, listen, they come off a little corny sometime, little cheesy sometime. So how do you make being a Republican a conservative cool again? Well, the way that I do it, Lawrence, and this is just my approach, is that I talk about my family and I talk about my personal history and I try to make people understand that we care about how this country is governed because we know that real people suffer. I mean, I I think if you're, you know, a strong man at a barbershop, one of the things you believe in is that you ought to take care of people, you ought to protect people and you ought to get American leaders in there that are gonna make your community stronger and more prosperous.


And so how can we better make that case than talk about the ways in which our leadership can affect the lives of real people. And As Aaron Rupa says here, Harris Faulkner murders irony by complaining to Maria Bar Roma about the media not asking tough questions. Play this clip. The fact that what happened to day one? Why is there even, why is it even necessary, Maria, that we see such a complicit liberal and legacy media love fest going on with no hard questions from her, but also not the hardcore press on Why won't you take questions? It's unbelievable. Like if this for Donald Trump or any other Republican or conservative, they would have the countdown on 24 hours a day.


Oh, they must be hiding something, whatever. Well, why can't we ask those same questions with the democratic candidates? I think we can and we should. Yeah. And it's our responsibility as journalists to do it. But, but this is day one. This is day one. Reset I mean. We, we've seen a rollout of Kamala Harris like 10 times since 31 days ago. Yeah, but it isn't, and Donald Trump has said it. The former president said her day one was three and a half years ago. Of course they ought to be ready for this. Yeah. And, and, And for, here's Mag Republican Congress member Ryan Zinc here from Montana. And he or he claims borders don't exist. They don't exist anymore. Here, play this clip. We're Looking at the border. We have no border. Let's just be clear.


We have no border. We have thousands, thousands of terrorists coming across our border. And while all of that's going on, by the way, here is the MyPillow guy, Mike Lindell, basically like harassing a 12-year-old and, and like was trying to debate a 12-year-old than just getting destroyed by the 12-year-old. This was captured exclusively on the Midas Touch coverage of the DNC play. This clip? No, that's in your state. You wanna know more in your state. Your just found 250 provide any source. 257,000 votes. This happened last week. A judge ruled in Georgia that are missing from the 2020 election.


This just came out. You're behind. You shouldn't. So so your source is, trust me bro. That's your source. Haven source. No, the source. It's in your papers in Georgia. You need to read your news. You haven't, you haven't given any last name. You need to read your news. No, this is your Georgia News. This is your, this is your news full. Have a good day, sir. Alright, let's Keep walking. And by the way, just so you remember when Jesse Waters kind of first got this hosting job on Fox, when his mom called in and warned him not to behave the way he's behaving now, here play this clip. We have a very special guest on the line, a Democrat. My mom. Mom. Hello. How have you, Jesse? Hello there. Mom. How have you enjoyed the show so far?


I have enjoyed the show. I wanna say congratulations, honey bun. We are so proud of you and your accomplishments. Thank you. And you've worked so hard. Now let's aim to have you keep your job. And to that end, I do have some suggestions. Okay? Do not tumble into any conspiracy rabbit holes. We do not wanna lose you, and we want no lawsuits, okay? Okay. Yeah. In keeping, I I have a list here. Okay. In keeping with the Hippocratic Oath, do no harm. We need you to be kind and respectful. You yourself mentioned that humble is a stretch.


So I I get that. Use your voice responsibly to promote conversation. That maintains a narrative thread. There, there really has been enough Biden bashing and the laptop is old. Perhaps you could suggest that your people take less interest, for example, in other people's bodies and talk about that. Yes. And unfortunately, Jesse Waters did not take his very smart mom's advice right there. But you, she's a member of the Midas Mighty. And, you know, I I, I don't know what to tell you about, I dunno what to tell you about Jesse.


We, we, we, we know, we all know the damage that he's causing. Anyway, I'm Ben Marcellus. This is the Midas Touch Nowhere Kids subscribe. Let's get to 3 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.