
Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detectors, spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com Cancel any anytime terms apply


When the game tips off the NBA action is just beginning on FanDuel America's number one sports book. Because FanDuel is your home for NBA live betting however you wanna play, now is the perfect time to join. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA 21 Plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal Bonus bets which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Alright, so the markets look to close weekly. So the week to date numbers, everybody's in the red rough day today, but we'll be right back here on Monday to do it all again. That's it for us. Kudlow Next. Hello folks. Welcome to Kudlow. I'm Larry Kudlow. Stocks are swooning and Charles Payne's gonna help us out in just a little bit. Tell, tell us why all this is happening. At some point you can try to put lipstick on an orange turd, but the turd will always surface. In this case. In this case right here, Fox viewers are learning that Donald Trump is surprise, surprise, a complete con artist and Fox viewers are turning against Donald Trump.


We're seeing that on the various fox posts throughout social media as Fox viewers are flooding the comment sections that are usually just overly complimentary to Trump and Elon Musk to the point of being, being cultish bizarre. And now we're seeing these comments saying, Ugh, I regret voting for him. This is so cringe. Really, you turned America into some Muppet show within days. So people are getting the bad economic data right now. Inflation is surging. Grocery prices rising higher than ever. Right now the market is crashing and Fox is trying their best to promote Elon Musk.


So they show this graphic right here. And this video, let me show it to you that Elon Musk's like, I'm a meme now I'm a meme. And they posted this on their Instagram account. Play this clip. I am become meme. Yeah, pretty much. I'm just, I was living the meme. I it is like this living the dream and there's living the meme and it's pretty much what's happening. You know, you are like, doge started out as a meme. Think about it. And now it's real. Isn't that crazy? Okay, now they received like literally thousands of responses and here's what some of the responses said.


Turned a serious respectable country into the Muppet show within days. I regret voting for Trump. This is way too cringe. Elon Musk just caught on a hype mic calling Donald Trump poor textbook definition of clowns. Effing cornball too drugged up to take his sunglasses off. LMAO. We are a joke. We are currently the laughing stock of the world. Some memes beyond embarrassing our country is a joke with him as president and Trump as king. What the f is he even laughing about? Bro? Is Zed on cat? Dog thinks he funny guy at school.


And you as a quote news network, think this is funny and okay, sad. Lots of memes depicting Elon Musk as a clown. This is all pathetic. This was all a joke and I didn't think everyone would fall for it, but here we are. Is this a panel at Comic-Con? It is officially 1984 Other comments. This guy is a James Bond villain. I guarantee he and Trump will turn on each other. Eventually. Two egos like this cannot occupy the same space. I hope you saw him showing off with a chainsaw to cut the federal government. No shame, no remorse for all these people now without jobs heartless.


It was a joke to him. Remember, you may need these folks, especially the cancer and medical research one day. 'cause of course Trump and Doge are gutting cancer research and firing veterans and firing government workers at all levels and trying to get rid of Medicaid and trying to get rid of the Department of Education. A lot of bad indicators right now. And it is a, I told you so F around, find out leopards eating your face. It just is very unfortunate that these brainwashed people ended up dragging the rest of us with them into this fricking mess right now.


So sure they're finding out. But y'all dragged us into this when we tried to tell you yes, project 2025 was real. Yes, they're doing these things and you were like, no, he's not really gonna do 'em no way. He just says that he just, he's a great businessman. No, he, he isn't. He bankrupted most of his businesses in the past, objectively, just look it up. He bankrupted most of his casinos and most of the companies he worked with went out of business. His current company, Trump Media last year only did about three and a half, $3.6 million in revenue total. Total revenue was under $4 million on $400 million in losses. Like how do you even do that?


How do you lose 400 Earn in revenue? Not profit, not net. Net, not EBITDA revenue. So Trump's Trump media made less than, I don't know, your local McDonald's, not the company, the one franchise, your local coffee shop, your boba spot, a small mom and pop restaurant does about that in revenue and, and probably earns a little bit of a profit too. Not losing this money like Trump's the worst businessman ever. And now he's doing it to our freaking economy. Inflation is growing, fed is now not gonna be cutting interest rates anytime soon.


All of this, while we learned that consumer sentiment's got like an all time low, right now when it's crashing, people aren't spending money 'cause they're afraid of all of the chaos being caused by Donald Trump. Planes are like crashing every other day it seems. Oh, and here's the new news. Trump plans to fire the United States Postal Service governing board and he will merge the Postal service into the Commerce department. I mean, you can't, how do you even do these things without legislation? I mean, what the hell are these spineless Republicans doing now? He wants to de he wants to destroy our mail, our medication. Yeah. They want us to just suffer so that they can have everything, I guess. And just make the people feel all of this pain for like no reason.


'cause they're freaking sick. You know what? It would disrupt 55 years of non-political mail service and threatens to upend trillions of dollars of e-commerce and the 200 50-year-old US mail system. As Congress member Dan Boyer says, the constitution gives Congress power to establish the US Postal Service, which it did by law during the Washington Administration. Its status as an independent agency, was also established by congress and law. The US Postal Service is wildly popular with the American people and its service is essential and irreplaceable. Nobody voted for this. It is brazenly, illegal, unconstitutional, and corrupt.


We're seeing, as I said, Inflation rise. Even New York Post a Murdoch property is telling Donald Trump, Donald, they have to, they have to treat him like a, like a freaking baby. Like a baby book. Remember the baby books like C Spot Run. C Spot Run, C Spot jump. C Spot, sit, see, spot, eat Rupert Murdoch knows Trump is such an idiot. He has to communicate to Trump with picture books the cover of the New York Post, which is a Murdoch owned property. 'cause Murdoch's seeing people turning against Trump, especially with his support of Putin as well. This is a dictator.


Dear Donald. This is what it says, Trump. This is a dictator and it's a photo of Putin and 10 other Ukraine war troops. We ignore at our peril. Big, bold letters 'cause they know what an idiot Donald Trump is. Meanwhile, Trump is sending emails like this to his supporters. They want me to fire Elon Musk. They're the Democrats. They want me to do it. But Elon Musk is dark Maga, so claim your dark, dark MAGA hat. I'm being flooded with requests for dark MAGA hats because Elon Musk has gone dark. Maga the hell Are we even talking about here? Gone dark Maga I mean these people like, like genuinely I I, I don't wanna say insane because it gives them like, oh well Insan insanity defense.


These people Are psychotic though. This is at the conference where Trump's speaking CPAC Trump is speaking at a conference whose attendees are promoting the third term project. So they went from Project 2025, which they're implementing now. They call it the Third Term Project, which calls to override the constitution to let Trump hold on to power and their signage. This is what the Trump supporters want depicts Trump as Julius Caesar who declared himself a dictator for life. Here was Trump on audio yesterday calling into Fox saying, please don't blame me for the economy. Play this clip Dick. When does it become your economy? When is it a Trump economy where we get to see if your plans are working Well, it takes a period of six months to a year.


Your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. If you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you check out Miracle Made Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and use silver infuse fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long. I get so many emails from the Midas Mighty saying how great Miracle Made sheets are and how it's changed their lives for the better. Here's why It uses silver infused fabrics inspired by nasa. So therefore, Miracle Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather. So you get better sleep every night. Now these sheets are also infused with silver, as I said, and that prevents up to 99.7% of bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. So no more gross odors. Also, miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without that high price tag of other luxury brands and it feels as nice to me, if not nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotel. So upgrade your sleep this year. Go to try miracle.com/midas. That's T-R-Y-M-I-R-A-C-L e.com/m E-I-D-A-S to try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, If you order today, you can save over 40%. And If you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get a free three piece towel set and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So Upgrade your Sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE TOWEL SET and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


And here he is yesterday saying, yes, I know I'm hearing egg prices are going up, but that's not my fault. That's Biden's fault, right? Right. Play this clip And she's gonna be a fantastic secretary and you'll do something with the eggs. 'cause I'm hearing so much about eggs, you'll figure it out. You gotta figure something out fast. But, and we inherited all of this, the problems, you know, at some point a few months down the road, we won't be able to say it's so much us. But the the big things really we can, we can blame other people for, to allow criminals into our country at levels that nobody's ever seen before, to allow people from jails to have countries from all over the world be allowed to empty jails into an open border.


They have been, they, they emptied jails and prisons, mental institutions and insane asylum gang members, drug lords, drug people, people on drugs, people that are very sick. They allow them to come into our country. Totally un And finally, I'll just leave you with this clip 'cause it's hilarious. It's Democratic Congress member Jamie Raskin saying, who's leading Doge? And that's what you see. A lot of the people in the comments at Fox are saying, who's leading this thing? And Raskin's hilarious. He goes, is it this 19-year-old kid who calls himself big balls? Is our government being run by a 19-year-old named Big Balls? What, what the or or, or the racist one or the, which one?


Which one, which one is running Doge? Because no one's claiming that they run Doge. Here, Play this clip. The administration took the position in court this week that Elon Musk is not the head of Doge and is not leading Doge. So who is leading Doge? Is it the young man who calls himself big balls? Is it the the racist on the night crew who's proud of the fact that he was a racist before all of his friends were racist and says that we should legitimize Indian hate? Who is Doge? I think you get the point right there. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching.


Can't get Enough Midas, check out the Midas plus Substack For ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.