
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit Chem Dry dot com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit Chem Dry dot com today.


I'm William Gug, a URI Collaborate and professional Ultra runner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing, I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the Dream knit collection by going to uri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


This podcast is brought to you by Carvana. Customizable fast, easy, all words Carvana. Customers have used to describe buying and financing their car with Carvana. We wanna make your car financing journey hassle-free. Carvana has thousands of affordable cars, transparent pricing, and customizable terms. We do everything in our power to give you the power to find finance and buy the perfect car. Go to Carvana dot com to finance your car today. Terms may apply.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply


State regime Media known as Foxes added. Again, they're getting more and more desperate each and every day. Now they've been spending all of their time trying to justify why they think it makes sense that their dear leader, Donald Trump, is getting a $400 million gold-plated jet from the Qatari. So Q in one of their chief propaganda, Sean Hannity, who tries to normalize this all and he attacks anybody who dare criticize. Dear Leader, accepting bribes from the Middle East in plain view. Play the clip. Despite a flu, a slew of recent accomplishments, groundbreaking diplomacy, the legacy state run media mob, still managed to find their new obsession and offer from the government of Qatar for a Boeing 7 47 jumbo jet to serve as Air Force One.


Do you get more utterly pathetic than that? I don't know. But each and every day, the depths of depravity that Fox goes through to justify Donald Trump's criminality seems to know no bounds. Going from Sean Hannity to one of the other propagandists on Fox, Jesse Waters here, Jesse Waters devotes a segment to talking about the bacteria infested waters that health and human services secretary, RFK Jr was swimming in and photographed and something that would be a clear and present danger to your health that can cause life threatening injuries, swimming with bacteria, or swimming in bacteria infested waters.


It could be potentially lethal. And this is what our health and human services secretary is doing. Here's how Jesse Waters characterizes it. Play this clip. Jesse, Would you fill, would you swim in a sewage filled creek? That creek looks clean. It doesn't look like it's filled with sewage. And I have seen P, it's Pretty brown actually though. Swim miles and miles in a Speedo in in the Hudson River, which like you can't even see through this. You can see right through. I think it's fine, You know, for these clowns, fascist clowns, no offense to real clowns, this is all one big joke to them. They just try to make this all one big humorous segment when people's lives are on the line.


Here's another portion of that segment. Let's play it. Terry, RFK Jr is testing his immunity this weekend by jumping into a sewage filled creek in Washington DC deemed unsafe due to its high levels of bacteria. But RFK, who's allegedly already survived a brain worm, clearly isn't worried Katie. I think he also took his grandkid in With him. Hey, it's good for your immune system. I myself have swam in the Potomac. I have too. Think I didn't get Potomac. It's probably just as bad as this creek. And I have a friend named Corey and he ate a raw clam once from the bowels, the Potomac. Oh my god, he survived. So I think it's okay. It's alright.


You gotta live a little, okay, enjoy. Get outside. It can't be worse than the tap water. Come on. So then part of that segment as well, you have Jesse Waters and one of the other hosts, Greg Gutfeld. They're talking about how transportation secretary Sean Duffy's kind of biggest claim to fame on his resume is that he was once on the reality TV show called The Real World. And then he was on the reality show called The Real World Road Rules Challenge. And they think it's hilarious that this is the guy responsible for air traffic controllers and air safety when he has no qualifications to do it. So they make this like a, a comedic skit where they just think it's all so funny that our air traffic and our air safety is now in the hands of this guy.


Watch for yourself, play this clip. Sean Duffy, obviously a veteran of real world San Francisco. How does the experience from being on real world San Francisco translate into this job? San Francisco you say? Yes. Well, he's following up from Mayor Pete. I don't know Greg. I fly outta Newark. It's my home airport and I'm gonna the West Coast next week. And the Qataris have offered to gimme a plane. Fox is not gonna have anything. They're not gonna gimme a hard time about that, I assume. I don't think so. It's a gift. It's A gift. It'll go to the Waters Foundation after a British with it. And that's how they try to utterly destroy just serious discourse by making a total mockery of very serious things.


We know what a disaster air traffic safety is right now. And Sean Duffy's been going on TV each and every day trying to blame what he calls the Biden Buttigieg administration. It's all their fault. Even though none of these issues were happening under Biden Buttigieg. He goes, this has been an issue for 10 years. And then when Sean Duffy was asked, well, Donald Trump was the president 10 years ago also, so why didn't you fix it then? Oh, Biden Buttigieg fault as well. Yes, the first Trump administration not fixing things is because of Biden Buttigieg. Or maybe it's just y'all are so incompetent in the fact that your main qualifications are real world road rules challenge. Maybe that's one of the issues. So then Jesse Waters brings on Christie Nome, dog killer Homeland Security Secretary Cosplay.


She goes out and dresses in the different outfits. She goes in front of Sea Cot, the concentration camp in El Salvador, opposing with her a hundred thousand dollars Rolex with her thumbs up. You know, basically, by the way, a violation of the Geneva Convention to parade yourself out there in front of prisoners like that. But here she now is saying that the Democratic members of Congress attacked the private security guards in New Jersey and that in Newark, and it's actually the Democratic members who who were assaulted there to blame. She says they were the ones who assaulted the private security. This is the dystopian move that all of these Trumpers do.


Whatever actually took place, in this case, the private security assaulting Democratic Congress members, they just said, Nope, democratic Congress members and the Newark Mayor, they assaulted the private security guards and now the Department of Justice is gonna go over going, gonna go after them. Here, play this clip. I tell you what, Jesse, what happened last Friday was we had members of Congress assaulting law enforcement officers. They were cooperating with criminals to create criminal acts. And then they're saying that they were providing oversight. This wasn't oversight. This was committing felonies. This was going out and attacking people who stand up for the rule of law. Here's Christine Ogan, let's play it. ICE officers get up every single day, and they love their jobs because they finally get to do their jobs with President Trump in the White House.


And the fact that a member of Congress punched them, hit them, body slammed them, and then claimed that they were the victims, it's astounding to me that someone would even vote for someone and put them in a place of leadership when they perpetuate something as hypocritical and as criminal as what these individuals did. So I, I hope that the rest of the members of the House of Representatives will hold them accountable. They shouldn't be allowed to, to be on the committees that they're on. In fact, one of them is supposed to be conducting oversight over ice, and instead she's assaulting them and they don't deserve to be in the house. They should be CD by it. I just, I it's, it's what's happening in this country and what agendas the Democrats are embracing is absurd.


And it's not American. And I'm hoping that the American people recognize it and hold them accountable for what they're doing for criminal acts against people in this country. Yeah. And now they've been bringing out this other propagandist, Tricia McLaughlin, who's the Department of Homeland Security Public Affairs Assistant Secretary. They have her and Fox all of the time. And now she's pushing this line that it was the Democratic members of Congress at this Delaney Hall, at this detention center, this migrant detention center, that they were the ones who ended up attacking the security guards. And maybe the Department of Justice is gonna have to prosecute the Democrats now play this clip.


He's not fighting for American victims. And I'd like to lay out the facts. The fact that it was these three members of Congress who trespassed broke the law and stormed that ice detention facility. They put law enforcement at risk, they put our detainees at risk, and they put our staff at risk. Had they asked for a tour, we would've happily facilitated one for them. But there was absolutely no notice. And the fact that they put hands, they body slammed, body ramped, pushed, shove, whatever you wanna call it, it was a salt honor ice agents. And it's unacceptable.


Magic Spoon makes high protein, zero sugar cereal and treats reinvented from your childhood. Huh? The nostalgia Magic Spoon is also launching a brand new high protein granola. True to the Magic Spoon promise. It's packed with protein. And so crunchy magic spoons, high protein treats are crispy, crunchy, airy, and an easy way To get 12 grams of protein on the go. They come in mouthwatering flavors like marshmallow chocolate, peanut butter, and dark chocolate. Now, my personal favorite, it's gotta be the chocolate peanut butter. It's amazing. And I have it each morning to start my workday. Now, magic spoons, brand new granola packs in 13 grams of protein and zero added sugars. They come in delicious flavors, like dark chocolate, almond, honey, almond and peanut butter. Get $5 off your next order at Magic Spoon dot com slash Midas Plus, or look for Magic Spoon on Amazon or in your nearest grocery store. That's Magic Spoon dot com slash Midas Plus for $5 off.


So then From that Sean Hannity segment that I started out this video with, he then had Donald Trump being interviewed by Hannity on Air Force One, which I guess Trump wants to replace with Qatari Force one or whatever the hell he's gonna be flying. And here Donald Trump just blatantly admits to the violation of the Constitution. He goes, why would I turn down the gift? They offered me a gift, of course I'm going to accept it, by the way, it then goes to his presidential library. Why do you need 7 47 gold-plated jets for your presidential library? This is a security threat. This, in my opinion, is a bribe. It's a clear violation of the Emal clause.


Here's Donald Trump saying in his own words, play this clip. They had A plane, not a new plane at all, but they had a plane. And You know, these planes, the plane that you're on right now is almost 40 years old. And when you land and you see Saudi Arabia and you see UAE, and you see Qatar and you see all these, and they have these brand new Boeing seven 40 sevens mostly, and you see ours next to it, this is like a totally different plane. It's much smaller, it's much less impressive, as impressive as it is. And You know, with the United States of America, I believe that we should have the most impressive plane. So anyway, so they said to me, we would like to, in effect, we would like to make a gift.


You've done so many things and we'd like to make a gift to the Defense, defense Department, which is where it's going. And I said, well, that's nice. Now, some people say, oh, you shouldn't accept gifts for the country. My attitude is, why wouldn't I accept a gift we're giving to everybody else? Why wouldn't I accept a gift? Because it's gonna be a couple of years, I think, before the Boeings are finished and, and they'll be wonderful when they're finished. But that's a long time. Important. Next. Donald Trump then lies and says that he has personally studied the healthcare industry and he's figured it all out. And he goes, the Democrats are the ones who have raised the price. The Republicans, we've always been trying to lower costs, literally as we speak.


The Republicans are trying To get rid of Medicaid. They're trying to eliminate $880 billion that goes to Medicaid. The MAGA Republicans are the ones who have consistently voted against lowering prescription drug prices. Any effort to lower healthcare costs, the MAGA Republicans have been against. But this is, again, this is their strategy. The same way earlier, you see the MAGA Republicans attacking Democrats and saying, Democrats are the ones who went after the private security guards when it was the opposite. You're seeing them do that again right here and saying, the Democrats were the ones who want to increase your healthcare costs. Literally, as the Republicans are getting rid of your Medicaid right now, play this clip.


And now after studying the industry, it's a very complex industry. But I figured it out and I said, it's not gonna happen. But the Democrats fought very hard to keep the prices of drugs very, very high. They really are to blame for this because they should have done something about it. And when the Republicans went with requests, they, they said, we're not gonna approve it. And then Donald Trump goes on and then starts talking about what he calls fat shots. And he says he's got a fat friend and that his fat friend gets fat shots. And that's some reason that has to do with an executive order. He signed that doesn't have the force of law. That's just a scam that he says he's going to be able to lower healthcare costs by up to 50 to 90%.


Just he goes 50 to 90%. I've lowered healthcare costs. I did it by an executive order because of my fat friend and his fat shots. Donald Trump says, play this clip. A Friend of mine who's slightly overweight, to put it mildly, went to a drug store in London and he was able To get one of the fat shots. I call it the fat shots, the jab that you lose weight. Who knows? A lot of people laugh at that. Some people get offended by, I don't get offended by anything. I'm just glad I didn't use his name. He's actually a very rich guy. He's a very successful guy. But he's glad you didn't use his name. No, no. He's very happy. Oh, he knows exactly who I was talking about. He called, he said, that was interesting. He said he was very concerned that I might use his name. It might slip. No, he doesn't have to worry.


But he went to London and he bought this Ozempic Wegovy, one of those, I guess, yeah, I'm not sure which one. But he bought, he bought one of them, maybe Ozempic. And he bought it. And he called me. He said, Hey, I, strange thing happened. I just bought a drug, same company, same plant, same everything. Everything was the same. In one case I paid in New York, $1,300. And in London I'm paying $88. He says, what's going on now? He knew nothing. He's a very smart guy. He is a very rich guy. His big problem is he's seriously overweight. But I don't think the drug worked okay, to be honest with you, but makes him feel good.


Anyway, I pointed this out before and let me point it out again. This is just one of Donald Trump's scams this way. He says, I'm lowering healthcare costs, which he's not. While the MAGA Republicans in their tax budget, which Trump calls a big, beautiful bill, is literally taking away, ripping away from you healthcare, I think the nonpartisan congressional budget office believes there's gonna be what? Tens of millions of Americans who will lose healthcare as a result of this policy, lose healthcare. But Donald Trump signs a fake executive order and says 90% healthcare costs. And then he feeds that to his base. And this has real world impacts. I mean, let me show you what's going out there in America.


I mean, this was an event that Charlie Kirk had just hosted. And in this event you'll see that, You know, with all of the crazy stuff that Fox is pushing out, these MAGA people, these really believe this stuff. Like they believe that children are using litter boxes in schools. And Charlie Kirk just sits up and go, yeah, that's what's going on. They like, they act, they're, they act like kittens and they pee on themselves. And we have to stop it. That's what the Democrats are doing. That has not happened anywhere, ever. They make this stuff up, they spread these deranged conspiracies while they pickpocket their own supporters. And while they destroy their own supporters' life, they have 'em thinking that this stuff is real.


But this stuff actually permeates. And these people believe this. Here play this clip. My question is more curiosity. You raise the point of furries furries and having litter boxes in schools. So my question is, how far does this mental illness really go have, have teenagers? 'cause I work at a high school, a Christian high school, and I am well aware of the psyche of a teenager. Have teenagers actually pulled down their pants, squatted over a litter box and Pooped. Yes. Really? Yes. And teachers support it.


And And then they use their hand to cover it up? No, they have like the tools, like if it was a cat. Oh. And then I was like, do they lick their hands afterwards? Like a kitty cat? I mean, I'm not sure how Bad is it? It's bad. Oh, that's, I'm sorry. I'm surprised too. I'm surprised. Shocked. No, You shouldn't be surprised. And again, you're shocked. And I'm gonna be very honest. And I'm, and it's appalling. It means that you have to consume non-mainstream media. 'cause this is very well known, right, Sage, unfortunately. And for those of us, if you guys do not know this is happening, I encourage you to reevaluate where you get your news from. Well, You Know, there you have it. I, I wanted to show you that clip at the end. So you see how this ecosystem actually results in people thinking that these, this, this stuff that you'd be like, what the hell?


They believe that those people vote. Those people vote. Well hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. You by It merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot midas touch.com.