
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing, to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into Sign Up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash special offer.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G. Pt, what do you know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All Sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Fox News is in meltdown mode as magar Republican Senators are basically saying this budget bill that Donald Trump is calling a big beautiful bill is an utter utter disaster. Let me show you what went down when you had MAGA Republican senator Ron Johnson from Wisconsin on Fox Business yesterday play this clip. But the the tax bill, will we get it before Memorial Day? No. No, there's no way because again, unfortunately, president Trump chose the one big beautiful bill. What he should have done is the multiple step process. Hmm. I suggested three steps. Get the border funding.


Second step, just extend current tax law. So we take an automatic tax, Right? Will we get it before the end of the year quickly? Not if we don't come down with a reasonable pre pandemic level spending. There's enough of us in the Senate that will not agree To that. Oh boy, that's bad news, Senator. Thank you for that. Appreciate it. Have a good weekend. Appreciate you coming on you too. You Have one job in Congress. It would be nice If you actually passed legislation that help people, but you can't do that. You pass a budget. Not these ridiculous continuing resolutions that carry out the budget of Nancy Pelosi while you have Doge violate the constitution. You heard Ron Johnson there in his own words basically saying the entire budget process has been utterly, utterly destroyed.


But when you live in maga fake fantasy lie world all the time, the truth doesn't even matter. All that matters is you continue your Ponzi scheme, your rug pull until catastrophe strikes. So you remember how when the GDP numbers this past week came out and our economy was contracting, it was negative 0.3%. GDP. Remember all of Trump and JD and everybody and Fox were saying, this is the Biden economy. Biden is destroying everything right now, even though former President Biden had record job growth. GDP increasing 16.2 million jobs, record low unemployment.


I can go on and on and on. There was a, a decent jobs report, not like a didn't blow it outta the water, but the jobs report was fine. 177,000 jobs. Good, good. We want there to be jobs. Now what do you think the response was on, on on Friday? This is the Trump economy. This shows everything. We said. Things are great here. Play this clip. This is a very important report with all of the hysteria over tariffs. We know the jobs are being created and it is much better than expected at 177,000 jobs added to the economy in April. This proves Donald Trump's point that the economy is doing well. You're no like literally at the exact same time you are doing that.


Your messaging is mixed, right? You have JD Vance interviewing with Brett Bear saying, oh, the economy is bad because of Biden. While they have other people un foxing, the economy is doing great now because of Trump. I can you even, all they do is they lie about everything. They just flood the zone with lies. Watch this. So the first thing is when you talk about the economy, this is Joe Biden's economy, And we inherited $2 trillion of debt, the highest peacetime deficits in American history. A $1.2 trillion day trade deficit, which fundamentally means we're not making enough of our own stuff. Then speaking about flooding the zones with lies, you then have Janine Piro, who I guess used to be a judge, but thinking about being in front of her court with her lack of ethics and her despicable behavior is a frightening concept in and of itself.


And so she's like, of course arango, MS 13, look at his knuckles. It has marijuana, skull cross, smiley face, smiley face, smiley face as one commentator noted. Gotta avoid those dangerous neighborhoods where everyone has smiley face tattoos. Here play this clip And he's got all the TAs. And don't tell me he is not MS 13, I had a gang unit in my office. I had gang investigators. You've got marijuana, you've got the skull, you've got the plus, and I think you've got the, I forget the smiley face that he is telling the world.


He's MS 13. And you know What I, I'm not sure If you saw this going viral. It says, someone who was a tattoo artist for 30 years commented on YouTube that he's seen this tattoo many times and it means smoke weed to get high. Love God till you die. See, this is why due process is so important. Look, I don't know what the tattoos mean. It doesn't say the letters MS and the numbers 13 on it, but you're entitled to due process even if he was an MS 13 member. You, you know, at one point in time in his life, the Trump first administration gave the guy a work permit in 2019. So clearly the Trump administration thought that the guy wasn't a gang leader.


Why else would you give the guy a work permit and have him show up once a year? He checks into ice. He was a member of a union. He is married to an American woman. He has three American children. You give the person due process if it turns out that they're affiliated with the gang. You have to determine if there's a, a crime that is committed. And then ultimately, if we're dealing with a migrant, yes, you could deport, but then also deporting to concentration camps is not the remedy, especially where there's a withholding order saying you can't do that. We're just a nation of due process. Okay? You know, you know, even, even like people in the Taliban, if they were here, the Supreme Court ruled in the United States, you gotta give 'em due pro because you can't just jump to the conclusion, oh, this person must be a felon.


This person's definitely a, a criminal 'cause taken to the logical conclusion. You point at anybody, you're a felon, you're a gang member. You're this, you go to concentration camps, you go to a court, you put forward the evidence. That's our system. If you think it's slow, If you think it's messy, too bad. So sad. We have a United States constitution And we have still a Supreme Court that says you have to have due process. That's just it. It's not a debate, it's not a discussion. You know, there, there's no, some legal scholars say, no, there's due process in America. You don't like it. Move to Russia. Okay?


You ever been stuck in a checkout line that felt like it belonged in a time warp? One time I tried buying a coffee and the register froze. Then the card reader went down. Then they told me it was cash only. And guess who didn't have any cash? Yep. Me had to sprint to an ATM across the street, pay those ATM fees. It was total chaos. That's why I love businesses that use Square. I feel like every restaurant in store by me in Los Angeles uses square now and checkout is always seamless. Whether I'm paying with my phone or card, it's fast, easy, and just works a coffee shop by me even integrated their loyalty program into Square. And it's great to get those rewards without having to carry around in one of those little paper cards. With Square the staff focuses on you not fiddling with Broken Tech. The hardware looks sleek, the software is easy, and it helps manage everything from sales and inventory to online stores. And loyalty rewards Square keeps up so you don't have to slow down, get everything you need to run and grow your business without any long-term commitments. And why? Wait, right now you could Get up to $200 off square hardware at square.com/go/ Midas. That's S-Q-U-A-R e.com/go/m E-I-D-A-S. Run your business Smarter with Square. Get started today.


Here's Lori Chavez Dreamer, the fake pro-union labor secretary who hates unions, won't even support the Pro Act, was just a total liar when she was a congresswoman in Oregon. Here she is right here again, saying The job numbers show, we're doing great. The Trump economy is booming after y'all were just saying the it's the Biden economy play this clip, You know, here. Last month we said we blew it out of the water And we did. And with President Trump at the helm, I'm telling you he mentioned to the American people over and over again that the golden age was coming. I will tell you the golden ages here. Exactly right. Again, this is another great jobs report, exactly what the market expected, better than expected.


And I couldn't be more honored to serve under the president with these jobs numbers. And now as I continue on the road, we're gonna keep pounding the pavement and these numbers are gonna continue to grow up. Go up, you know, Good News for, let's bring on Treasury secretary Scott Besant. Let's have him, let's have Bernie Madoff. This guy is this guy's worse than Bernie Madoff. It's like Bernie Madoff level. And here he is lying and he is like, gas prices are down 180 9. Gas prices down 180 9 here, watch this. We had the biggest decrease in energy prices for a single month via in years. Energy is down substantially. I am told that in parts of Florida gasoline is a dollar 93 and that's an automatic tax cut for the American people.


So we're probably gonna see a lot more car travel this summer. And you know, I, so I, I think things are in good shape. And You know, I saw some people speculate how Donald Trump even got to this number of a dollar and 89 cents. And it's possible that like people in his administration were just showing him data that talks about the price of gas that before it goes through like the, like the actual market price. And so, I mean, is, is that what was going on? I mean, as Ryan Cummings says, POTUS team seems to be showing him the cost of wholesale unfinished gasoline, which does not include the cost of oxygenates ethanol and all the distribution marketing costs.


And telling him this is the price of gasoline you're paying at a pump. It's like when he tariffs the penguins, right? It's like when he tariffs, you know, he comes up with these made up formulas. There's no logic to it. It's just stupid. And that's the thing with this, you know, I just want there to be some intelligence. And you wanna know who comes with intelligence? Democratic Congress member Jake Kinloss. I like that. He goes on Fox, he stands up to them here. Here's what he says here, play this clip. So do you concede that it, it takes a little time to reset the equation after all of that? And do you hope that the president is successful in creating a strong economy at the end of this?


Once the deals are worked out with a lot of major countries? Martha, I was a Marine before. I'm a, I was a congressman. I'm an American before I'm either, I want this economy to be ripping and roaring regardless of who is president. But what I am seeing is a president who is more interested in the valuation of his meme coin than he's in people's 4 0 1 Ks. What I'm seeing is a president who along with Howard Lutnick, is self-dealing on crypto. And by the way, Howard Lutnick owns an own his own crypto business on the side. Instead of worrying about the strength of the US dollar. This is concerning to not just me, it's concerning to the job makers across America who have to make decisions about hiring about capital equipment. And they're all pulling back. But when they pull back, you tip a good economy into a recession.


Well we Then you have office of management and budget director, the author of Project 2025, Russell vo, who by the way right now is taking away $1 billion in mental health and money for helping students address mental health issues in schools. They're getting rid of $1 billion. They blame all of the gun violence on mental health and then they just remove $1 billion for mental health treatment. Here's Russell Vote talking about, you know, potentially giving Elon Musk big contracts play this clip. Yeah, you may get some pushback on this. The budget faces out the grossly expensive and delayed space launch system.


Rockets there, Orion capsule after just three flights e essentially that will be replaced with something. Is there a chance that Elon Musk could benefit from that? Look, this is a billion dollar investment in the in the Mars. We're doing both. We're going back to the moon as part of the Artemis. We protected exploration funding that's open to all companies. Elon Musk hasn't been a part of the the NASA budget conversations that all. And we also provide resources for what we're doing on Mars. We do believe that after Artemis, that it's time to look for lower cost commercial cheaper vehicles that allow us to be able to not have the cost overruns and the delays in the expense that we've seen in the SLS and the Orion program.


So we're not doing anything that would in any way delay what's necessary to get to the moon. And finally, I go back to this right here. Remember Peter Navarro on Fox? What was this? April 2nd? April 3rd. Whenever it was April 5th, whenever it was. 90 deals in 90 days. 90 deals in 90 days. We have zero deals. No deal. Donald is his nickname. It's ridiculous. Anyway, tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribe 5 million subscribers. The truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do Midas touch.com all 100%. USA Union made.