
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task unless you have a partner like Shopify. They have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing, to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash special offer.


Hey Kristen, how's it tracking With Carvana Value Tracker? What else? Oh, It's tracking in fact, value. Circular trucks up 2.5%, vans down 1.7 Just as predicted. So we gonna, I don't know, could sell, could hold The power to always know our car's Worth Exhilarating, isn't it? Tracking Always know your car's worth with Carvana value Tracker.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER


State regime Media known as Fox is in panic mode as the tables are being turned against it by people who you would think could be their biggest supporters. Maybe, maybe not. Marjorie Taylor Greene, Tucker Carlson and all this MAGA Media is out there. Matt Gaetz. They're saying Fox is state regime Media Fox's, propaganda Media. It's coming from Marjorie Taylor Greene and Matt Gates here. Watch this play. This clip We've watched for decades. Propaganda news, I'll call out Fox News and the New York Post, they're known to be the NeoCon Network News. We have propaganda news on our side just like the left does.


And the American people have been brainwashed into, into believing that America has to engage in these foreign wars in order for for us to survive. And it's absolutely not true. And then the day before you had Tucker Carlson and Steve Bannon calling Fox News State Regime, media and Propaganda. And then Tucker Carlson even does my Mark Levin impression. That's my impression. Tucker, I did the Mark Levin first here play this clip. So What is that? That's not by popular acclaim. That's not like their viewer survey. It's like, you know, we need a lot more. Mark Levin lets Jesse Waters more Mark Levin.


Levi, what they're doing is what they always do, which is just turning up the propaganda hose to full blast and just trying to, you know, knock elderly Fox viewers off their feet and make them submit to a new One. This is this. And by the way, on state regime media known as Fox, their guests are talking about how many views the Midas Touch Network is getting on YouTube. Yeah, they're talking about Midas touch on Fox and the guests are saying, California Governor Gavin Newsom is outmaneuvering you. Fox's guests are saying that you're being outmaneuvered by Newsom 'cause he goes on Midas touch, who gets 22 million views every other day, play this clip.


What's interesting about what he is doing is not just what he's saying, but where he is saying it. He had an exclusive on the Midas Touch Network with his address to the nation with 2 million people seeing that Midas Touch is getting 22 million views every two days. He had Brian Tyler Cohen, a YouTuber into the Emergency Operation center to do an interview. It just shows that I think he's learning the lessons candidly of 2024 that Democrats didn't do enough to communicate more to independent media, which I think is exciting. Wow. And then here's Mark Levin on Hannity last night. Then they really had their kind of NeoCon war mongering. This looked just like the leadup to the war in Iraq. And they're doing it again. They're bringing out the same cast of characters.


Mark Levin was on Sean Hannity, and here's what he has to say. Play this clip, gee. And we have morons fools running around the country. This isn't magna, this isn't magna. This isn't what I voted for. Donald Trump isn't forever war president. How so? He's gonna do what every president before him, since Carter didn't have the guts to do, he's gonna put an end to this damn thing. And that's what needs to happen. That's not a war monger, that's a peacemaker. That is a man who's gonna make sure this generation and future generations are protected from nuclear missiles coming out of the Middle East from barbarian primitives from the seventh century.


That's what he wants to do. Then Earlier in the day, you had Larry Klaw, this is why they're called state regime. Larry Klaw worked in the first Trump regime and the first administration, and here you have Larry Klaw and Tommy Tuberville, and they're not even reporting the news. I mean, you just have Klaw on Fox saying, Donald Trump is the greatest person ever. Donald Trump is so amazing. Donald Trump is so powerful. He's got all of the cards. You've got all of the cards, Donald. I mean, this is the most, how is this even real life TV play this clip. Senator, you know what? Trump, right now, Donald Trump is the most dominant figure on the world stage, far greater than anybody else.


You know what? In decades, it's not Putin. It's not Xi Jinping, it's Trump. Trump holds the cards in his hand and he knows how to play 'em. That's what's happening here. I've pretty much, I've been around a long time. You've been around a long time, never seen anything like it. He is utterly Dominant, dominant senator in Harville, by The way. That's what they were then doing the whole day. You then have Senator Haggerty who goes on Fox and he goes, look, whatever Trump says is right. Just listen to him. Shut up. Trump is always right. He's three steps ahead here, play this clip. He Doesn't want us to engage in more of these endless wars. So whatever President Trump does, and I know that he's three steps ahead of everybody else here. Whatever he does, it's going to be putting America's interest first.


It's going to be bringing Iran to a point where they do not have a nuclear weapon. That's the stated objective. And it's gonna have to happen very, very quickly. I Mean, Trump is literally the biggest moron in the world. I mean, the guy is the idiot, the biggest idiot. I mean, when you see these MAGA Republican men and women, but these like men who are like, Donald Trump is my hero. Donald Trump is so smart and you see what an idiot this guy is in all of the disasters he's causing. It's like, is your mind just become full Maga mush here You had Fox with Ted Cruz. Remember Donald Trump called Ted Cruz's wife incredibly ugly.


And Donald Trump said that Ted Cruz's dad killed JFK. But here he's the main guest promoting Trump. The last night Fox now displaying educational graphics on how bombs work to their audience, encouraging the US B two bombers to hit Iran. And here Ted Cruz says, if Iran gets a nuclear weapon, I think the odds are high that we would find out with a mushroom cloud over New York City again. Now this is the same language that they used about Iraq. Play this clip. You need an ICBM to get to America. If is, if Iran gets a nuclear weapon, I think the odds are unacceptably high that we would find out with a mushroom cloud over New York City or Los Angeles or Tel Aviv and Israel.


No, Let me be very clear where I stand. I believe Iran is, Iran should never ever have a nuclear weapon. Okay? I believe Iran is led by an extremist ayatollah regime. I think that Iran would be far better off with a regime that focused of course on democracy, on the people. And you know those images that you saw before the revolution in the late 1970s, you know the images of of Iran being a major metropolitan center with women's rights and, and, and human rights. I would love to see that. Okay. I just think it is important that we have a clear delineated plan about what we are doing.


War powers are the province of our Congress, not dictators. And I don't want to see a protracted war. Call me naive. I don't wanna see a protracted war in the Middle East that will result in the deaths of thousands or tens of thousands of American troops like we saw happen in Iraq. I don't wanna see that happen in Iran. Okay, you topple the ayatollah, what happens next? You're gonna have groups that are allied with the Shah, come back in. You're gonna have groups that are allied with far right terroristic extremist groups. And I think you'll have a civil war. It's not like Iran's gonna be like, oh hey Benjamin Netanyahu.


Hey, you tell us who should lead Iran. We want Benjamin Netanyahu's pick. That ain't gonna happen in Iran. You think that's gonna happen in Iran? So what happens after you topple the regime? What happens next? By the way, speaking of flipping the script on Fox and its guest, then you had Tucker bring Ted Cruz on the Tucker Show. Watch Ted Cruz get obliterated on Iran by Tucker play this clip. How Many people live in Iran, by the way? I I don't know the population at all. No, I don't know the population. You Don't know the population of the country you see to topple How many people living around 92 million. Okay. Yeah, I I How could you not know that?


I, I don't sit around memorizing population tables. Well, It's kind of relevant because you're calling for the overthrow of the government. Why is it relevant? Whether it's, well because it's 90 million or 80 million or a hundred million. Why? Why is that Relevant? Well, becausecause, if you don't know anything about the country, I didn't say I don't know anything about that. Okay. What's The ethnic mix of Iran? They are Persians and percent predominantly Shia. Okay. This, No, it's not even, you don't dunno anything about Iran. So Actually the country, I'm not the the Tucker Carlson. No, no expert on a ranch. You're a senator Who's calling for the, the government. You're the one who You know anything about the country? No. You don't know anything about the country. You're the one who claims they're not trying to murder Donald Trump. You're the one who, I'm not saying that you, who Can't figure out if it was good idea, idea to kill General Soleimani and you said it Was bad, you don't believe they're trying to murder Trump?


Yes I do. 'cause you're not calling for military strikes against him in retaliation. If believe That. Don't believe carrying out military strikes today. You said Israel was right with our help. I'm said we, Israel is leading them, but we're supporting them. Well This, you're breaking news here because the US government last night denied the National Security Council spokesman Alex Pfeiffer denied on behalf of Trump that we were acting on Israel's behalf in any offensive capacity at all. No, We're not bombing then Israel's bombing them. You Just said we were, We are supporting Israel. It's High stakes. You're a senator. If you're saying the United States government is a no, we're worth the run right now. People are Listening.


My dogs taquito and taquito are the happiest dogs ever. You know why? 'cause I give them Sundays for dogs, which is, let's face it, the best dog food ever. What I love about Sundays for dogs is that like unlike other fresh dog food, Sundays does not require refrigeration or preparation because of their air drying process. You just pour it and serve it and you can cancel or pause your subscription with Sundays for dogs at any time with their 14 day money back guarantee. It's fresh dog food. It's made from a short list of human grade ingredients, which I love and I know my doggies love. It was co-founded by Dr. Tori Waxman, a practicing veterinarian who tests and formulates every version of each recipe and Sundays contains 100% all natural meat and super foods and 0% synthetic nutrients or artificial ingredients. So here's the deal. We negotiated for your puppies 'cause I want them to be as happy as mine. Get 40% off your first order of Sundays. Go to Sundays for dogs.com/ Midas Plus, or use code Midas Plus at checkout. Go to Sundays for dogs.com/midas or use code Midas at checkout. My doggies, taquito and taquito tell me that your doggies will love Sundays.


Also, while that was taking place, you had Fox propagandist Jesse Waters fantasizing about a massive penetrator as our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski says, Justin, this is from Jesse Waters. Trump says the Ayatollah can run but he can't hide. Israel is begging the US to drop the massive penetrator on Iran's nuclear site. Then you have this Fox guest basically saying, just let Israeli troops on the ground that's in the interest of Iran here play this clip. But the best is if the Iranians capitulate and access is immediately assured for the Israelis to put boots on the ground, verify what's in there, and then destroy everything that they see at this site.


You Think the people of Iran are going to over 90 million people, they're going to welcome Israeli troops in Iran. Like, can we think this thing out a little bit? So then what? Are we gonna send American troops in there? How do you think that's gonna go down? Then don't you think that could spread and cause a regional war? What do you think happens in Saudi Arabia and Qatar and the United Arab Emirates and Jordan? What do you think in Lebanon? What, what, what do you think happens after that? Then you have Brian Kilmeade and Fox and you Hett literally bringing the exact cast of characters who told us about WMDs Iraq. So here we have you Youit saying that, Nope, the War Powers Act of Congress is unconstitutional.


Go for it, Donald. Be a dictator. That's what they were promoting. Play this clip. So What role should Congress play In this? None. I, I'm very disappointed to see my senator Tim Kain. I'm a Virginian demonstrate constitutional illiteracy about the document that Tom, that James Madison drafted, which vested all commander in chief power in the president of the United States. I'm aware the War Powers Resolution Act, it's unconstitutional in my view. In any event, it's been honored in the breach by people like President Obama, president Biden, who have both committed forces and withdrawn forces without congressional approval. There's usually a little bit of a, of a dance that a president does and send them a notice that they've done something.


But it's simply ridiculous. The president is the commander in chief. If he orders the B twos to fly from Diego Garcia or wherever to strike four oh, it's within his complete authority to do so. And Mr. Massey is not a Republican. He's an irritant and he should not be held up as representing anyone in the Republican party. I doubt you'll find one Republican other than him who denies the president's power to do this. If he chooses to do so. Then you you it talks about we have also sent nuclear sniffing aircraft in the event radioactive material is released. But Donald Trump is the greatest peacemaker in history. Okay, play this clip. Do you think the president Has decided already to strike Iran?


I hope so. I think the, all the signals indicate that his last meeting in the situation room was a confirming meeting that he will join Israel and striking at least four oh as well as any other parts of the nuclear program in Iran that cannot be reached by Israeli munitions. I believe the B twos can get there. We also have sent the nuclear sniffing aircraft over there in the event that there's any release of radioactive material from Fordo after its bomb, I hope he does. I think it will secure his place in history as a peacemaker because after the nuclear program is dismantled and he has said for 10 years they may not have a nuke. He said it last night, he said it 10 years ago when he came down the escalator, he'd been consistent.


They may not have a nuke after it's destroyed. He'll go into the history books as a great peacemaker. Then Fox has Lindsey Graham talking about regime change. Let's play this clip right here. Arabia Would like to see the theocracy gone. Yes, I know the Emirates would and many other Arab states as well. But then there's the question of what happens if there is a power vacuum there. We, we saw all too well what happened in Iraq. We saw what happened in Afghanistan when the Taliban took over in literally a matter of hours. You've got competing factions as well. Who would vie to take over Iran? On the one side you've got the Crown Prince Raza Pvi, who would like to go in as an interim leader. The other side of that fence, you've got the NCRI, the National Council for Resistance in Iran, which used to be the MEK, which a lot of people in Iran say would be worse than the Ayatollah.


So what steps into the vacuum if the regime falls? Well, I think what will happen is the Iranian people will know freedom for the first time since 1979. You know, people probably ask that about Hitler in the thirties. What would happen in Germany if we took him out in the mid thirties? Well, I wish we had, 'cause we know what happened when they let him stay in power. And here's what I can say, taking the Ayatollah's regime down is a good thing, not a bad thing. And I'm willing to risk what happens next because I know what's gonna happen if they stay in power. Pivoting to some other topics, you have another Fox host Tim Kane here.


He talks about how they are, he attacks the Democratic comptroller for from New York, who was arrested by ice here play this clip. Video shows lander linking arms with a suspect as he's being detained by ice, demanding to be shown the judicial warrant for his arrest, something he has absolutely no right to do. As he interferes there and repeatedly tells the agents that he has a right to see a judicial warrant. Now the lander was then allegedly assaulting law enforcement subsequently and impeding a federal officer.


Moments ago, New York governor Kathy Hoel announcing to her knowledge no charges have been brought against Brad Lander and he quote walks out today a free man. Sorry, The guy's name is Will Cain, not Tim Kane. Sorry, sorry, sorry. Tim Kane Will Cain. Here you have the Department of Homeland Security spokesperson McLaughlin, who again attacks the New York City controller for getting arrested by ICE and getting attacked and brutalized by ice. You're playing this clip, Brian, if you lay hands on a law enforcement officer or impeded their enforcement actions, you will be arrested as just as we saw here. But Brian, even more than that, we're seeing an epidemic of Democrat politicians who are seeking higher office, much like the mayor of Newark who went and crashed Delaney Hall and tried to get into a secure facility.


Then earlier this week we saw Senator Padilla, a sitting US Senator go and crash Secretary NO'S press conference and aggressively approach her. I mean this is just the third one in a row. These guys want their 15 minutes of fame and they want to do it off the backs of our ice law enforcement officers and we won't stand for it In this administration, our law enforcement officers, their safety comes first and so does the American citizens as well. Then I'll leave you with this. This is Langone. This is the Home Depot founder, and here he is talking about some of the issues that he's seeing with our economy to Brett Bayer. You know, this guy's a big Republican donor and when he tells you that there are issues in our bond market and in our currency, listen up here, play this clip.


There are some folks up on Capitol Hill have a problem with it, especially from a debt perspective. Yeah, I mean, what, How do you see it? Four weeks ago we couldn't float a 20 year bond. We had, we there weren't buyers. That's a dangerous signal. That's the beginning. You know, that, that should make you say, Hey, wait a minute, when the integrity of our debt is subject to question, the next thing is your currency. And the thing we wanna make sure we do is preserve the foreign or reserve currency status. By the way you mentioned Scott. I know Well, good man, good man. Seemed to Be ascendant inside the Trump administration. Well, Yeah, I I hope he hasn't sold out.


Alright. I, I hope he doesn't take offense to my saying that, but I I do believe that, that we, we've gotta make sure that the Fed remains independent. That's the best hope we have of people saying the integrity of the dollar is being maintained by virtue of the independence of the Fed. There You have it folks. State regime, media known as Fox on full display. Tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. We're on our way to 5 million subscribers and thanks for watching. Can't get enough Midas Plus check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.


Everything from clothing to household items are getting more expensive each day. American Giant is about keeping things simple and close to home. They aren't affected by tariffs because their products never leave. The US support American made Tariff Free Clothing with American Giant. Get 20% off your first order when you use promo code Staple twenty@americangiant.com. That's 20% off when you use Code Staple twenty@americangiant.com.