
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at shopify.com/special offer


This MLB season FanDuel S Dinger Tuesday is back, And this year all customers get a profit boost to BET home runs every week. So gear up to go yard all season long on FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 Plus in President Select states opt in required bonus issued is non Withable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply, including any token expiration in max wager amount. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER


10 years from today. Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses Lisa's taking now with A A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does and she can finally run with the big dogs. And the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, And you could be next With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself. And ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


State regime. Media known as Fox continues to panic on air. They're getting weirder and more deranged each and every day. Here's one of their top propagandists, Jesse Waters who refers to Donald Trump as daddy. Now that's how Fox refers to Trump. They all call him daddy and they say, daddy hates leaks. Daddy doesn't like the leaks here, play this clip. Krat are now complaining that Trump isn't sharing all of his intel with him. Maybe that's because they keep leaking it. Now, Trump gave Democrats a heads up on Operation Midnight Hammer. They would've told the Ayatollah, that can't happen. Daddy hates leaks in the house. Daddy hates leaks.


What the hell are they talking about? We now know from European intelligence as well as CENTCOM and the Pentagon that Trump's strikes on Iran were not as successful as claimed. Those are the facts, and we know that Iran was likely able to move the uranium out of the nuclear facilities before the strikes took place. And you wanna talk about daddy this and daddy that. You know, one of the things that Fox was trying to push now, and they were having their compliant MAGA Republicans on to do their bidding to this effect, is to say the mission in Iran was never about destroying, enriched uranium at all.


That was never the mission. That's literally what you all said happened. You all use the term obliterated play this clip. Do You have some sense of where the enriched uranium is at this point? Does, has the intelligence community figured that out at this point? I don't have a comment on that. I will say it was not part of the mission to destroy all their enriched uranium or to seize it or anything else. And when you watch Fox throughout the day, and I do it so you don't have to, but I do it to try to call out the disinformation and just the bizarre information that's being injected into the MAGA mush brains of its viewers. They were talking about how great it is that RFK is trying to remove all fluoride from water.


And at the end of the day, this is great because Americans may get more cavities. Now, here play this clip With the issue of of fluoride secretary. What, what has been the response from dentists in America who may be concerned that some children in lower incomes in particular don't get those regular dental preventative type situations where they can go in and get their teeth more indemnified and treated against cavities? Well, people will still get indemnified for it to the extent that they're already indemnified. But you know, it is an issue, it's a balance. You're gonna see probably slightly more cavities. Although in Europe where they banned fluoride, they did not see an uptick in cavities.


The issue is parents need to decide because the, the science is very clear on fluoride. And then they bring on MAGA Republican senator Bernie Moreno and Bernie Moreno. He lo he makes up some fake story about a Democrat saying how great Donald Trump is. Now, if you wanna know Bernie Moreno's background and some of the controversy on some of the websites that he was posting on, you can search Bernie Moreno websites and what he was posting on his, his history. But he refers to what a Democrat said as the anal of history.


He goes, are you all aware of that Trump's strike was? And and dropping those penetrators were we'll go down in history in the Anals of American history. The Anals play this Clip. Well, they're brother list, they have no ideas, they have no leaders. But Laura, I'm gonna give you some breaking news. One of the Democrats that you just had on your program was in the confidential briefing in the skiff today and said to General Cain, the operation that you ran will go down in the anals of American history as the greatest military operation ever conducted. A Democrat said that today, what's sick, Laura, is that they then go on TV and do everything possible politically to undermine the administration.


This is not what they believe. This is just pure political grotesque behavior. It infuriates me. Look, I'm just gonna call like it is. Maybe I'm breaking senate protocol here. But look, I can't stand these guys that say something in private and they go out publicly and contradict it only to score cheap political points, which weakens this country and undermines our military. And then without any self-awareness, Moreno, Mr. Anals of History Moreno says, one man should not be able to cost this economy of this country that much because he has personal beef. And you would think he's talking about Donald Trump. But no, he's talking about the non-partisan chairman of the Federal Reserve, Jerome Powell, who Donald Trump appointed here play this clip.


Businesses that are trying to get loans, one man should not be able to cost this economy, this country that much because he has a personal beef with the president of the United States. This guy's term is up next May. I've advocated that he should be immediately removed. We could put somebody in there if we just lowered our rates to where Japan is, who has higher inflation. Japan has higher inflation than we do. We would save hundreds of billions of dollars. Then all of the messaging they're pushing on Fox is that the Democrats support the Ayatollah, the Democrats support communism of the Democrats, support the Democrat support communism. You know, it just reminds me of like, you know, you know, remember in in Vietnam where, you know the, the, the, the lady would say surrender gi, you have lost gi, you surrender gi you have lost gi.


Remember that? Like to me, Fox is just constantly brainwashing its audience and saying, Democrats are socialists, communist fascists. The worst ever. They're gonna, Donald Trump is doing central planning, okay? Donald Trump is lying to the people and saying that he's gonna give him $5,000 Doge checks and he's gonna give no tax on social security and that you're not gonna have to pay taxes. They'll just be an external revenue service. And Donald Trump alone will control all of the economy himself. That's literally central planning what they're talking about. But anyway, here's what Laura Ingraham says here, play this clip. I I, I just do not think the president was selling the truth when he said this program was obliterated.


Right now we have no final battle damage assessment that would enable us to be comfortable or complacent about what has been done. How comforting to know that most Democrats agree here with the ayatollah, not just about the damage or no damage or some damage the nuclear program, but about Trump himself. And I think here Fox gives away the game right here where Ingraham says, our country's going to be a lot more Hispanic and more Asian as time goes on. MAGA policies work for everybody. They work for you, Laura, because you are a millionaire.


When you make $20 million a year and you live in your fancy mansions and they work for you, they do not work for the working class. The tax bill, the budget scam literally steals from the working class to give to the billionaires. It's in the bill, it's theft. If you make less than 50,000, you give a thousand of your dollars to the millionaires who make more than $4.2 million. So they get tax cuts of $424,000 more. But play the clip of Ingram. Let's play it. Nevertheless, I have to say I disagree with some of my friends who are, are posting on social media and they're, they're basically saying, let's just write off places like New York City and LA because they're hopeless.


I think that's a huge mistake. The voters there aren't gonna leave America. They're, they're here to stay and the country is going to be more Hispanic and more Asian as time goes on. And our policies, the MAGA policies, they work for everyone. And Laura Ingraham gets very angry at Governor Tim Wall's daughter, 'cause she talks about feeding kids lunch, providing childcare, making public transportation accessible. And Laura Ingram goes, those aren't popular ideas. If those were popular everywhere, Trump would not be president. Play this clip. I know it might surprise some people, but feeding kids lunch, providing childcare, having accessible and functional public transportation among many other things are popular policies everywhere.


They're popular everywhere. You just lost about a hundred thousand brain cells by watching that soundbite. Sweetie, if they were popular everywhere, Trump would not be president. Okay, So how about them MAGA ideas right there. Then they bring on a guest who calls Zoran Mond Zohan here play this clip. We Don't really know, we Do know that. Interestingly, Johan's strongest supporters were college educated people making, of course making over a hundred thousand dollars who are now the in the column of being anti-Semitic socialists. That's the paradox of what's happened in, in, in these elections in the Democratic party right now.


So did you know the world's richest source of vitamin C isn't an orange, it's the Kakadu plum from Australia. It's got over a hundred times more vitamin C than your average orange. But I'm not foraging in the outback and let's be honest, I'm probably not eating enough fruit every day. That's why I trust Aurora Nutri Science's liposomal vitamin C to cover my bases. It's convenient, it's powerful, and because it uses liposomal technology, it actually gets absorbed up to 90% compared to traditional pills or powders. Vitamin C is essential not just for your immune system but also for collagen production. Energy and recovery from stress. Aurora's formula comes in these travel ready liquid packets that you could rip open and sip. You could keep 'em in your pocket purse or fridge and enjoy them chilled or at room temp. They're non GMO gluten-free made with organic fruit flavors and taste. Surprisingly great. And the best part, one packet gives you as much vitamin C as 15 regular tablets without the stomach upset. That usually comes with high doses. I've started taking it daily to keep myself healthy and my family too. If you wanna give your health a real boost, go to shop vs.com and use discount code Midas for 30% off your first purchase. That's shop vls.com. Code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for 30% off Aurora Nutri Science's, liposomal Vitamin C Shop vls.com.


Brett Bearer starts to ask Donald Trump's National economic advisor, Kevin Hassett. What was Donald Trump talking about when he said there was a deal with China? Is there a deal with China? What, what, what was Trump talking about in his press conference? And there was a, there was a deal. I don't recall there being a deal with China yesterday and Kevin has, it's like you have UK but there were other deals pending. Y'all have been saying that there's gonna be a deal every two weeks. And what's happened is all the other countries have played you. They realize if you wait until the final minute, they'll get favorable deals. 'cause Trump is so thirsty to say he got a deal done and all the countries can actually exploit Trump's weakness.


'cause all Trump wants to do is put out a press release that he did deals. I need to do a deal, I need to do a deal. I need a Nobel Prize, I need a deal. Here's Kevin Hassett, let's play it. There is concern about the tariffs. Obviously Fox Business has the economy shrinking 0.5% in the first quarter, 2 20 25. Amid the uncertainty, economists expect the GDP to contract at a 0.2% rate. The 0.5 GDP contraction shown in the final first quarter, GDP figures is the first quarterly contraction since the first quarter of 2022. So you're saying the growth is gonna over right past this with tariff deals.


The China deal is not completed, right? You have a UK deal, but what other deals are pending here, Right? Well, there are a heck of a lot of trade deals pending. The president mentioned today in this really wonderful event that we had in the White House just a couple of hours ago that we're very close to a deal with India. But you know, i I just would take issue with your characterization of even the first quarter economy because basically what happened right, was that there were, were a bunch of imports ahead of the tariffs. And so net exports gave us this sort of weird accounting trick of a negative number despite a booming economy. And right now, GDP now, which is the best measure of what's happening in the second quarter, is giving us a really almost 4% growth.


And all that is happening, I think because everybody's racing to get their production here in the US to create jobs in the us and, and they're doing that by the way, while inflation numbers have gone down, inflation by any measure is lower than it's been in over four years. And so the Trump economy is working and the first quarter number, I don't think is any kind of a metric of the trajectory of the economy right now. And here you, you even have like on as as as Fox is covering Donald Trump's bizarro press conference, they go, little details have come out about the China trade deal. Yeah, because it doesn't exist. If there was a deal, it has to be approved by Congress.


Like what the hell are we talking about here? But play this clip. President Trump is now blaming Democrats for that intelligence report leak as he now tries to focus on closing on some economic wins here at home. Beautiful. Thank you very much. Flanked By everyday workers. The president talking up his big beautiful bill today. We'll Deliver a record tax cut, a record spending, cut a record investment in border security And revealing a new trade deal with China. Although with very few specifics We just signed with China yesterday, right? Just signed with China in the China deal. We're starting to open up China things that never really could have happened.


Then you have one of the Fox hosts, Campano is her name on the five. And she goes, the issue with mom Donny is that he keeps talking about handouts. He keeps talking about gimmicks. What do you think Donald Trump's whole thing is run on. By the way, Manami is actually focused on sustainable important things, housing, affordability. Donald Trump's like, we're gonna go and Fort Knox and find all of the gold and everyone's gonna get so rich from all of the gold we're going to give you. Or remember this one, doge checks $5,000 Doge checks to everybody. Doge is gonna make so much money for you. You're gonna get $5,000.


That's what's called a gimmick. But do you see how Fox tries to insulate Trump and its own protection of the oligarchy and billionaires by doing it this way Here play this clip. Well, because he talked about kitchen table issues, direct quote. He said, rent affordability, people are struggling to make ends meet. He talked about the basics of life food. First of all, that's not what this person was talking about. Mom, Donny is talking about handouts, he's talking about gimmicks. He's diving in the Hudson while he wants everyone to have free everything. The reason older people think of socialism as Breadlines is because they lived it. Because they lived through World War II and through communist adventures that were utterly destructive and fatal.


Then Jesse Waters, and this is a whole lot of mis, this is, this is gross. Jesse Waters starts referring to Democratic Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett's dating status. And he goes, she's single, she's 43, never been married. I can set her up with someone, a white guy. Hopefully she's not upset if she dates a white guy and maybe she'll be happier. Then this is what they're talking about on Fox. This is what they're trying to pass as news. This is Dera unabashedly to rage here, play this clip. As far as Jasmine goes, I researched her and it's never good when I do that. Mm.


I found out she's single, she's 43, she's never been married. And I'm trying to figure out what makes her tick. I think I can set her up with someone. Oh my God, I know a guy in DC Emily, he's white. Hopefully that's not a problem. But he will make her happy and maybe then she will not hate everybody else besides herself so much. So if you're interested, I will set it up and it would be my pleasure to do it. Okay? Yes to that, that will we'll circle back on that. What Else is going on too that I wanna share with you? Then you have Brooke Rollins, the Secretary of Agriculture. She goes on Fox and then she admits that Democrats are better at government than Republicans.


Okay. Play this clip. What else can you tell us about her? Well, here's what I know just from a bigger picture, the Democrats are just better at government than we are. They are duplicitous. They will do anything they can to to for the win, whether it's, you know, within the legal bounds or not. And this is just one more example of how they use the process to win. But no more, I mean, president Trump represented a new day in Washington and you and I have had a lot of conversations about this and you know, it's, it's not been conventional. He's very unconventional, but this is how he's gotten things done. And this is why the American people elected him and voted for him three different times now. But now the American people can see the hood has been lifted, right?


We have a Democrat policy person that was appointed by a Democrat who's stopping big parts of the bill. And that has to change. Yeah. Like Jerome Powell on the economy hurting our economy and a Senate parliamentarian is stopping progress on something. So common sense. And then finally a Fox host asked Brooke Rollins, you know, Americans don't really understand like why, why are you taking away their Medicaid and snap and like why are you stealing from the poor and giving it to the rich? That kind of angers Americans. And then Brooke Rollins, the Secretary of agriculture goes, ah, you're just giving this a bad rap. She doesn't deny that that's what it does 'cause it's in the bill that that's what it's gonna do.


But anyway, here's what she says. Let's Play it. And the polls do show this. We got a whole bunch of polls that show this thing is not popular. I'm not talking about the farm part specifically, I'm talking about the Fox News Poll shows that it's under 40% approval. When you look at the Quinnipiac poll, the Pew Research poll, these are all showing that few people favor this thing. 38% favor on the Fox poll when it comes to the other ones. You can look at the, the Quinnipiac poll. That one has 53% opposing it, only 27% support it. And then the Pew poll. Here's the thing, a lot of Americans don't like this.


Even some people who voted for President Trump for this reason, Madame Secretary, because they don't understand why the cuts have to come from programs like Snap, like food stamps for the poor and like Medicare for the poor. That is the problem. So can you make a connection between why that should be? Okay. Well I think it's really important to note that the entire media apparatus has been against this bill from the beginning. But here's what President Trump was elected to do and and I, I won't comment on Medicare or Medicaid, that's that's someone else's lane. But I can comment very specifically to food stamps that at the end of the day, under Joe Biden, the food stamp program, which is the largest by far of any program at the US Department of Agriculture, grew almost 40% under the insane spending of Joe Biden.


So that's what's going on in Fox. Bizarre stuff, deranged stuff. So I gotta fact check it with you. I wanna show you what they're doing. I need to show you how the anatomy of the propaganda. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 6 million. Thanks for watching. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection@store.midastouch.com all 100% USA Union Made.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance you chose to hit play on this podcast today. Smart Choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote explorer. To compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy.