
The fox meltdown continues over. Vice President Kamala Harris's surge, and Donald Trump's meltdown. Fox doesn't know what to do. Laura Ingram's trying to help Trump. He's making things worse. The law of holes. Stop digging in office, by the way. Different background. Let's get into it, folks. So on the Hannity Show, he tries to list the things that he calls Vice President Kamala's extremism. I don't know, are they trying to help her here play the clip? That's Where she gets exposed the same way Joe Biden was exposed on June 27th in Atlanta. Sean, last question, exit question for Ari.


We only have about 30 seconds, Ari, certainly she's, she's got a sugar high. She's in the honeymoon phase. Polls are tightening, we're told. I'm not worried about it because this is what I believe. If America sees this extremist record And, then if you wanna know how popular vice president Kamala Harris is so popular, Fox is now giving her the Obama treatment, play the clip. Probably also doesn't want to talk about her Beloved pastor. Oh, you're gonna love this. We have a brand new Reverend Jeremiah Wright. So then they have Donald Trump on, and you know what they say? A it dog will holler, play the clip. They Had a nice seven iron right next to the pin.


Biden wouldn't do that. He couldn't hit the ball 15 yards. I mean, what is this? Just playing weird. Listen, American family's weird. The Whole thing is a con job just playing weird. You know who's playing weird? She's playing weird. She's a weird person. Look at her past, look at what she does, and look at what she used to say about herself, and I won't get into it. What she used to say and who she was compared to what she said. Starting at about 2016 And. Then, then Laura Ingram asks Donald Trump about his pronouns, and Trump says that he's fluid Play the clip. Kamala Harrison, her Twitter bio, which I never noticed until this morning, states her pronouns as she slash her.


What are your pronouns? I have no, I don't want pronouns. I don't want pronouns. I saw that. So You're fluid. What is that? Nobody Even knows what that means. Ask her to describe exactly what that means. Well, what Is that? Why? Why are people good That nobody knows? Very, very interesting right there. Then if you wanna just see what a disgusting creature Donald Trump is, here's what he responds to. Laura Graham next play this clip. How would they consider a Harris presidency just in geopolitical? I think they walk all over. So I think they look at her. I think they'll walk all over. She'll be so easy for them. She'll be like a play toy. They look at her and they say, we can't believe we got so lucky.


They're gonna walk all over. And I don't want to say as to why, but a lot of people understand it. Then Laura Ingraham asks Donald Trump another question. Watch this response. Play it. Black Women, Kamala Harris believes she can mobilize them. She is mobilizing activists quite well, I think, across the country. What do you say to them tonight about how life will improve for them under a second Trump administration, if You have her, you're gonna have very unsafe streets. You're gonna have millions of people coming in, taking your job and your husband's job. Remember this again, I said it before and I'll say it again. Black people. When all of these people are coming in, the ones that are losing the biggest are the black population.


Now. Then you go over to the Jesse Water Show, Jesse Waters, basically just as men. I don't see why men would ever vote for Democrats play the clip. Now, I don't see why any man would vote Democrat. It's not the party of virtue security. It's not the party of strength. It's definitely not the party of family and what to be a a man And then vote for a woman. Just because she's a woman is either childish, that person has mommy issues, or they're just trying to be accepted by other women. And I heard the scientists say the other day that when a man votes for a woman, he actually transitions into a woman. Oh, is that right? Yeah. That's what the science says. That the scientist, that science says.


That's what the, I don't know, Jesse Waterers. Maybe just maybe that while you all weirdos, call yourself alphas. Just maybe supporting women's reproductive rights, protecting things like IVF standing up for the LGBTQ plus community, standing with seniors and Medicare and lowering prescription drug prices. And may, may maybe that there are men out there who believe in equality, who believe that we should address climate change. That we believe that there should not be bullying. That we believe that there should be standing up for women's reproductive.


May, may just, maybe there are men out there who are not hosts on Fox, who actually, who actually care about these things. Then you have Jessica Tara love just doing what she does best play the clip. Good. So that is one of these concerns. But like you said, these affinity groups exist in every election. I was at the RNC with you guys. I saw people wearing their swag for whatever group they belonged into. You did not See a thing for white dudes white for Trump. For Trump. No. Well, it was basically the whole room. But I did see one, one Dudes Black. So One Black Americans for Trump t-shirt. I went on Trump's website. And there are veterans for Trump, women for Trump, black Americans, Latino Americans, all of that.


Yeah. Fox is definitely not beating the weird allegations here. Play the clip. Like it just makes no sense. And if, what if we had black dudes, black brothers for Trump? Well, we'd all lose our blackness as soon as we showed up for the meeting. So, I mean, or what if we had white guys for, I don't know, Nazism. You know, like where do you, where do you draw the line?


Cat food has been the same forever. It's time for cat food to move into the 21st century. Don't you agree? That's why you've gotta try smalls. It's time to make kibble a thing of the past. Smalls cat food is protein packed recipes made with preservative-free ingredients you'd find in your fridge, and it's delivered right to your door. That's why veterinarians.org rates smalls 10 out of 10 for ingredient quality. Now, our cat's favorite flavor is Smooth Fish, and our cats prefer Smalls way more than the previous cat food. I legitimately did a taste test. I didn't actually eat it myself, but put two bowls side by side and they immediately went to Smalls. Smalls was started back in 2017 by a couple of guys home cooking cat food and small batches for their friends. A few short years later, they've served millions of meals to cats across the country. I feel better knowing I'm feeding my cat real food, not burned gibble. I could finally open a packet of cat food and not get nauseous. I actually recognize the ingredients in a packet of smallest food. So after making the switch to smallest, 88% of cat owners reported overall health improvement. That's great. That's a big deal. The team at Smalls is so confident your cat will love their product, that you can try it risk free. That means they will refund you if your cat won't eat their food. Now, now is the time to make the switch to Smalls. So head to smalls.com. It's easy to spell S-M-A-L-L s.com. smalls.com/midas and use the promo code Midas at checkout for 50% off your first order PLUS free shipping. That's the best offer you'll find. But you have to use our code Midas for 50% off your first order, one last time. That's promo code Midas. For 50% off your first order, PLUS free shipping, go to smalls.com/midas.


Then you have Jesse Waters. One of the attacks on Vice President Kamala Harris right now is that she had things handed to her, is what she's saying. Like literally, you mean Donald Trump who was given hundreds of millions of dollars and lost all of his money, And then had to grift some of it back. You're saying Vice President Kamala Harris was handed everything. What are you talking about? Play the clip. I mean, she didn't invent the internet like Al Gore did, but she has not had the greatest tenure as vice president and her entire career. She's had things handed to her, And this follows Fox bringing on Lara Trump, who called Kamala Harris a trash bag. Play this clip.


John, you're exactly right because look, I think we've very clearly seen the mainstream media and the folks out there are not gonna do it for us. In fact, they're trying to rewrite history. It's been incredible to see the way they have tried to prop up Kamala Harris and really sell her as some sort of a, an this amazing political figure to the American people. It reminds me of there was this bag that a very famous designer designed, this was several years ago, and it, it literally was a trash bag. But they sold this thing for like $2,000 thinking that people would actually buy it. It's a similar situation with Kamala Harris. And by the way, you just wanna see just a glimpse of weirdness. By the way, here is Lara Trump filming herself drinking wine while her kid is crying next to her play this glimpse?


Yeah, that's pretty weird. It's also weird that right wing MAGA influencers like Tim Poole are posting photos like this today. It's also weird that Sean Hannity book, Steven Miller to push back on weird allegations when Steven Miller then ran ads about his law firm, even though he's not a lawyer that's suing on behalf of white men who are discriminated against. This is the Steven Miller ad play this clip. If you or a loved one were denied a job raise, promotion or professional opportunity as a result of diversity quotas, equity mandates, affirmative action, or other racial preferences, we want to hear from you.


Please call us at 1-877-AFL-FIVE 4 5 4 or go to AF Legal. Just going back, we hear from Governor Tim Walls for a moment, the governor of Minnesota, who seems to just say it perfectly here, play this clip. And I wanna be very clear, I'm not speaking about the people at his rallies. Those are my relatives. Those are folks that are there. And look, he, he would be entertaining because that's what Republicans are saying. They're saying, oh, you're calling, you're calling Trump and all his supporters. Weird. That is exactly the last thing I'm saying. I'm saying these are folks, like I said, these are my neighbors. They're there. These are good people. They're going there because yeah, they're disenfranchised. Not why JD Vance thinks he gets that all wrong. I, I grew up in a town of 400 and graduated with 24 classmates, 12 cousins.


I know these people. They're, this isn't what this is about. I'm talking about those people there that we need to make the case to them. These are people that Democrats, they felt like Democrats have spoken down to them that we've not gotten and reached where they're at, that they're trying to be who they are. That's what JD Vent's stick is talking about guns. I guarantee you he can't shoot pheasants like I can. And that's a part of saying, but you know what? I guarantee I don't want weapons of war in classrooms. And there's no reason that you can't have reasonable restrictions around that without infringing on your Second Amendment. He's going in there throwing these things around. That makes a difference. Democrats need to go into these places. I'm gonna go in every Legion Hall I can go into and say, vice President Harris will not cut your benefits. I said in the VA committee for 12 years to increase those benefits with Republicans like Jeff Miller from Florida.


This guy wants to cut 'em 'cause it's in the 2025. We need to be bolder on that. We need to go out and say that. I'm not talking to those people at all, Other than we got a better plan for you. And while all of this is going on, Donald Trump is just raging posting over and over again about why is Fox posting Vice President Kamala Harris? Why is that? Why is Fox doing this? Trump attacking Fox over and over and again while he appears on it. Weird, weird, weird, weird. Anyway, I'll do the next video in the other room. Just had to do it here for the day. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million. Thanks for watching. Hey, Midas, mighty, love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day.


What are you waiting for? Follow us now.