
When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered tech scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com. Cancel any anytime terms apply.


We've been seeing a lot of this and reporting about it here on the Midas Touch network of family members telling their Trump supporting family members. Don't bother coming over for Thanksgiving because you voted against our rights and our freedoms, And we want to just spend Thanksgiving with people who support our rights and freedom. So good luck. We just heard about this as well on Fox, where Jesse Waters, one of the Fox hosts who has been one of Donald Trump's top propagandists, was out there on TV saying that his mom told him, don't bother coming over for Thanksgiving. Watch this moment for a Monday where Jesse Waters admits that his mom disinvited him from Thanksgiving.


Play this clip. Mm Yep. People are taking some space in the waters household. I'll have you know that I was not invited to my mother's house for Thanksgiving. Apparently there wasn't enough room. She said it was a scheduling situation. And then at the last second, invited me to come over on Black Friday. I told her, no thanks. I'll be at Best Buy Now. We know Jesse Waters. Mom is a pro-democracy loving person. When Jesse Waters replaced Tucker Carlson, Jesse Waters mom actually called into the show and she warned Jesse and she said, Jesse, you know you're better than this. Just don't fall into conspiracy theory traps and don't use your platform to lie.


You can cause great harm to the American people and to the world. So please don't do that. Watch the moment. This is right when Jesse Waters took over for Tucker and Jesse Waters mom called into the show play this clip. We have a very special guest on the line, a Democrat, my mom. Mom. Hello. How have you, Jesse? Hello there, mom. How have you enjoyed the show so far? I have enjoyed the show. I wanna say congratulations, honey bun. We are so proud of you and your accomplishments. Thank you. And you've worked so hard. Now let's aim to have you keep your job. And to that end, I do have some suggestions.


Okay? Do not tumble into any conspiracy rabbit holes. We do not wanna lose you, And we want no lawsuits, Okay? Okay, in keeping, I I have a list here. Okay. In keeping with the Hippocratic Oath, do no harm. We need you to be kind and respectful. You yourself mentioned that humble is a stretch. So I I get that. Use your voice responsibly to promote conversation. That maintains a narrative thread there. There really has been enough Biden bashing and the laptop is old.


Perhaps you could suggest that your people take less interest, for example, in other people's bodies and talk about that. And Here it's part of that same segment. Here's what she had to say as well. Let's play this clip. You could suggest that your people take less interest, for example, in other people's bodies and talk about that. Oh, Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. We're trying to keep other people's interest away from children's bodies. That was the point of that segment. Mom, I love you. I wanna to wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I, I knew this was a bad idea. Trying to seek solutions versus fanning the flames.


You could encourage that, that Mr. Friend of yours to return to his earlier career on television, everyone in his audience could wear a red hat. And I'm sure the ratings would soar, although never as high my darling as yours on Jesse Water's primetime. Good luck. Thank you very much, mom. I love you very much and I Love you. I'm thinking that a small dinner between five and eight would be The way to go. Alright, we gotta go, mom. This is just like how things are at home. I love you. Goodbye. Goodbye. I think those words were prophetic, astute. I think we all should take them to heart.


And I think she knows that her son is behaving this way because the salary that Fox offers, the lucrative opportunities for lying to the American people. And the whole thing is very sad to see. It's a a microcosm of some of the broader issues where greed has trumped logic and has really divided us as Americans. I'll show you some other portions where Jesse Waters kind of brought up his mom during the show. Another episode where Jesse Waters goes through certain text messages that his mom sent play this clip. Mom texts.


Oh boy, yeah, here we go. All right, you were over the mood, obnoxious and nasty to Jessica. Apologize to her and to your group. Wow. Awful behavior, Jesse. Nah, this is from yesterday. Purple hair and nose rings doesn't mean a person is worthless or non-human. Where's your humanity? Yuck. Jesse, please do your level best not to sink lower. And then lastly, homeless people are not homeless because they want to be. It's a terrible situation in which to find oneself. And God knows one's family. Of course there, they're professional homeless. But Jay, get a grip. Big picture, please. Double heart. Double Heart. And here's a moment where Jesse Waters and and another episode. When Donald Trump was convicted on the various felony counts, when Jesse Waters mom would tell Jesse, look, this guy's a convicted felon.


What are you doing here? Play this clip. My mom is celebrating. She texted me that she was dancing after the verdict, dancing. And then she kept all day sending me 34. 34. 34 felony counts. Harold, you know exactly what I'm talking about. She's a grandmother. She's a grandmother. Get it together, mom. Oh My.


Today's episode is brought to you by Ollie. Clean, fresh nutrition. Your dog needs in five flavors. They'll absolutely flip over. Feeding your dog real whole foods with minimal processing is one of the best choices you can make for their health. A whole fresh food diet has been proven to extend your dog's life by two and a half years. Who wouldn't want more time with their best friend? Ali's recipes have no harmful fillers, no preservatives, and are made in us kitchens with ingredients sourced from trusted growers and producers around the world. And because Ali's meals are gently cooked, they don't need preservatives. It's fresh real food with protein first recipes like fresh beef with sweet potatoes, fresh Turkey with blueberries, and fresh lamb with cranberries. Ali might just have your dog eating better than you. Here's how it works. Take a 32nd quiz about your dog on Ali's website and they'll create a customized meal plan based on your dog's specific needs. Alia then sends your dog starter box with two weeks worth of meals, plus a guide on how to transition them over. You could even choose from three meal plans to fit your dog's diet. And can I be real with you for a second? My dog mochi is the best. She's the sweetest, most playful, loving shihtzu in the world. She's also one of the most stubborn eaters in the world. And if the food I give her isn't up to her standards, she lets me know. So anytime I introduce something new to her, it's the ultimate test. Since I've been giving her Ali, she's been licking the bowl clean. I've been giving her the chicken dish with carrots and the lamb with cranberries, and she absolutely loves it. And right now, Ali is offering an amazing deal. 60% off your first box of meals when you subscribe, just head to ali.com, tell them about your dog, and use the code Midas to get 60% off your first box. That's OLLI e.com. Promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. They even offer a clean bowl guarantee. So if you're not satisfied, you'd get your money back.


Now, here's a bizarre moment. Our friends at decoding, Fox News pointed this one out where Jesse Water complains that daddy is too busy watching kids. And he says that his wife's parents are still working and more than happy to watch his small children. It should be noted, Jesse's wife is 14 years younger than him. So her parents are younger. Here play this clip. My parents have been retired for 20 years. I call 'em up, really? And I said, what are you guys doing? And my mom is like, oh, daddy's at a board meeting. What board meeting? It's in Costa Rica. What? Oh, daddy has tennis. We're out for dinner with them at Parklands. We're visiting your sister in Washington.


Meanwhile, Emma's parents both have jobs and they're watching the kids all the time, and I love you. And then I thought to myself, I don't trust my parents with my children. So that's probably a good thing. I mean, and Gigi's like seven months. She can't be nursed by my mother. She wakes up in the middle of the night. My mom needs her beauty rest. My dad's not taking care of a two and a half year old. You know what, Jessie? You just dug a hole for yourself. What did I do? You wanted, what did I do? Reverse psychology. Reverse psychology. I'll see you this weekend. And just to show you too, like this is another episode here where Jesse Waters promotes marriage decoding. Fox News says, so Jesse Waters first marriage ended when he cheated on his first wife with a much younger subordinate employee on his show.


And so anyway, give you that context as you watch this clip here, let's Play it because the saying, happy wife, happy life still rings true. Because the liberal media is telling us not to tie the knot, especially women. Now, what they don't want you to know is that married Americans are happier than single people. Brad Wilcox is the author of Get Married. Why? Americans must defy the elites for strong families and Save civilization. How does getting married save civilization? Well, We know today that there are no Americans that are happier, that have more meaningful lives or more prosperous than married men and women today, that most Americans, both most men and most women, are much more likely to be flourishing because someone else is just so important.


How important is it for the wife to dote on the husband? I think it's important. How important is it for the husband to dote on the wife? Extremely Important. And it's both dotting at the same time. Creates the good relationship. Yeah. One can't over dote. The dotting has to be equals. Brad, I love you. And then here, Jesse Waters here. This is when he talked about like, he goes, if I found out that my wife secretly voted for Kamala Harris, I'd let her have it here, play this clip. And if I found out Emma was going into the voting booth and pulling the lever for Harris, that's the same thing as having an affair.


That to me, Oh my God, he let him finish Your Jesse. It's our day that violates judge violate the sanctity of our marriage on. Yes. What else is she keeping from me? Exactly. What else has she been lying? Why she, after lying about would she lie to you? Broke credits. Jesse has, have you threatened her? Why would she lie to you? Oh, they want me to tease. Why would she do that? And then vote Harris, why would she say she was voting Trump? He's not the problem. And then she, Harris and I caught her, and then she said, I lied to you for the last four years. So you admit, you intimidate. It's over. Emma. That would be, oh my God. D You know, and look, I mean to, to some extent, I mean, is there any level of, and not say humor, but irony here that ultimately you have a Fox host on air complaining that, or whining that his mom's not inviting him to Thanksgiving because of what he's done to promote Donald Trump.


But I think this is a, a broader issue that as we learn that Donald Trump's appointed Tom Holman, who's gonna engage in bloody mass deportations and rip apart families and Steven Miller who's doing the same. And you know, as we see that this stuff has real consequences. And despite corporate media and Fox promoting this like WWE wrestling and both sides in the issue, this really affects people. It really affects people's lives. So I sympathize and empathize with Jesse Water's mom here, and it's, it's sad that we will all understand the impact of what Jesse Waters and others have done to our great nation.


We're seeing them now already and didn't have to be this way, but it's important for good people to stand up, to speak out, to speak truth, to speak their conscience, and to not be fearful. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers real quick. Medis changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.