
The Fox implosion continues as Donald Trump continues to decline in the polls. As Vice President Kamala Harris continues to surge, Fox is struggling with its normal propaganda routine. So last night on Sean Hannity, Hannity was saying, look, that Donald Trump interview before the National Association of Black Journalists was actually a great opportunity. You know, it will allow Donald Trump to get out of the a BC debate with George Stephanopoulos scheduled for September 10th. One problem there, Hannity, well, multiple problems, but Donald Trump's already canceled. He's already chickened out of that debate. But watch Hannity Squirm play the clip.


Now, maybe if a BC was an honest network and they had fair journalists, maybe President Trump's real record with African Americans would be front and center. 'cause he has a strong record. Also, maybe it's time for Donald Trump to reject any appearance at a BC, for example. Why would he show up at their debate if the quote journalists clearly have opinion and want to debate Donald Trump themselves? And maybe he should just accept the Fox News channel's offered a debate. The first debate was on CNN. Why not have the second one on Fox News? Yeah. Hannity, Donald Trump's campaign spokesperson last week put out a weird statement where they talk about George Slop opolis and this, and a b, c, fake news.


And I don't wanna read it, it's just so whiny, but they've already canceled it. Well then you had Jesse Waters just being racist. Jesse Waters play the clip As far as who is Kamala. Most of us wouldn't have gone in there and gone, Hmm, who is Kamala Harris? Is she Indian? Well, she's Jamaican too. Not something I would've done. But he went in there and he peeled back the curtain. And a lot of times, I think early in her career, she identified as South Asian that might have been effective in California. Now she is considered an African American woman. You don't hear about that. She's not African American technically because she has a Jamaican dad.


I don't really distinguish about that stuff. Maybe other people do distinguish about that stuff. Barack Obama was mixed race. He identified as black. Okay. A lot of people that I know who are mixed race, sometimes they identified differently depending on the situation. And that's great. That's fine. What is this dude to Donald Trump with the black community? I have no idea how this is gonna play with the black community, but I do know they're gonna be talking about Donald Trump in this moment for days and days and days. Sean Hannity then had Harris Faulkner, who was one of the individuals moderating that discussion with Donald Trump. And Hannity was like, but there were some people clapping, right?


Played the clip. On The other hand, maybe I, I didn't hear the crowd right, and you can tell, bring us in the room. I heard a lot of people cheering for Donald Trump. Am I wrong? No, you're not wrong. I mean, there were people who were, you know, he's funny. So there were people who were listening closely enough to catch some of his humor and to laugh. By the way, just take a look at the lead. Chiron on Hannity, a b, c. Journalists begins Trump interview with insults like they treat him like he's a little baby And. then if you look at the Chiron as well for Jesse Waters, I mean, the way they just treat, it's unbelievable. Actually. It is believable.


If you watch Fox here, going back to Fox, we have Jessica Tarlov though going on the offense, pro-democracy ambassador, the, the one sane voice on Fox. Take a look at what Jessica Tarlov had to say. Let's play it. Can I just add to that about the immigration point? 'cause obviously immigration is a strong issue for the Republican side of this right now, and they're gonna be talking about the border, et cetera. But Donald Trump even fumbled the bag with that one and said they're coming in and they're taking black jobs. And so then the response is right away, well, what is a black job? What are you talking about? And it plays right into the hands of Kamala Harris, because you know what a black job is? It's Vice President of the United States of America.


It's a Supreme Court Justice. You know, of course it is, Jessica. Of course it, but why does he keep saying that? You know why? I, I, I don't know why. Can't get inside his head. But By the way, Fox then asks Harris Faulkner about Trump's comments on Vice President Kamala Harris's race. Doesn't look like she's gonna answer it here. Play this clip. Let let's start with the second one first. The Abraham Lincoln comment, and we also played earlier. Yes. His questions about whether or not Kamala Harris is Indian or black. Your thoughts on all of that. All right, let's, let's start with the order that you gave me.


You know, just in terms of the former president answering questions. Martha, you and I have both interviewed him. It's, it's an interesting journey that you go on, but you've gotta keep pressing. And there was a little bit of contention about on the days, about whether or not he could hear and when he could hear, would he answer the question? I I do feel like when it comes to the issues that he was talking about, what I, what the question was that I had asked him was, with black communities feeling the pressure of high pricing, now what policy do you have that's going to go toward them? Particularly, you're here, you've come here, what's your message for black people who, who are young and in the audience and feeling this economy?


So you heard a little bit of that in his first answer in that And. then with regard to what you were saying before, in terms of the audience shouting back and, and having some reaction to him, it was, it was chippy at times. But for the most part they were laughing and, and they were getting kind of, kind of what they, they didn't have before this. And that was a conduit to a man that they see a lot on tv, but don't know a lot about his policies. Kamala Harris and, and President Trump are gonna be an interesting debate if and when that should happen. By the way, if you wanna see what Donald Trump said here, just to be clear, here's, here was Donald Trump's response.


Play the clip. Follow Up, sir And, then we'll move on to other questions here. Some of your own supporters, including Republicans on Capitol Hill, have labeled Vice President Kamala Harris, who is the first black and Asian American woman to serve as vice president beyond a major party ticket as a DEI hire. Is that acceptable language to you? And will you tell those Republicans and those supporters to stop it? How do you, how do you define DEI, go ahead. How do you define it? Diversity, equity, inclusion. Okay. Yeah, go ahead. Is that what your definition give? That is that, that Is literally words. Gimme a definition. Then would you gimme a definition of That? Gimme a definition of, Sir, I'm asking you a question, a very direct Question. No. Define, define the, define it for me if you Would. I just defined it.


Sir, do you believe that Vice President Kamala Harris is only on the ticket because she's a black woman? Well, I can say no. I think it's maybe a little bit different. So I've known her a long time, indirectly, not directly very much. And she was always of Indian heritage and she was only promoting Indian heritage. I didn't know she was black until a number of years ago when she happened to turn black and now she wants to be known as black. So I don't know. Is she Indian or is she black? She is always identified as A black, historically black college. I respect either one, but she obviously doesn't because she was Indian all the way And. then all of a sudden she made a turn and she went, she became a black person.


Just to be clear sir, do you believe That she's a, and I think somebody should look into that too. When you ask a continue in a very hostile, nasty town, it's a Direct,


how much do you think you're paying in subscriptions every single month? I think the answer is probably more than you think. Over 74% of people have subscriptions they've forgotten about. I definitely did like the time. I forgot, I subscribed to a certain streaming service. But thanks to Rocket Money, I'm no longer wasting money on the ones that I forgot about. You see Rocket Money? It's a personal finance app that fines and cancels your unwanted subscriptions and monitors your spending and helps you lower your bills so that you can grow your savings with rocking money, I have full control over my subscriptions and a clear view of my expenses. I can see all of my subscriptions in one place, and if I see something I don't want rocking money can help me cancel it with just a few taps. I love how the dashboard shows me this month's spending compared to last month, so I could clearly see my spending habits. Plus they'll help me create a custom budget and keep my spending on track. Rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower bills for you by up to 20%. All you have to do is submit a picture of your bill and Rocket Money takes care of the rest. They'll deal with customer service for you. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the app's feature. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to rocket money.com/midas touch. That's rocket money.com/midas. Touch rocket money.com/midas. Touch


And. then Harris Faulkner, you know, tries to go on there to rehabilitate Trump and act like this is normal. Like, look, it gets chippy when you're a politician. Sometimes you don't want to answer all of the questions here. Play the clip. Now it did get a little chippy because when a politician is interviewed, sometimes Martha, they don't always answer the question that you ask. So the re asks in this environment were very important. And so we got into some good topics, you know, that, that are important not just to black communities. And I say that plural 'cause we're not all the same. We don't think the same. We vote different, that whole thing. And I love that representation in the room too. Had a, that's Not, that's not the way it works, Harris. Look, the bottom line is you gotta call it out.


I mean, the bottom, where's the media saying Trump needs to drop out? Trump should, that way, that was far more disqualifying than, let's be clear than Biden's debate performance. What Trump did there, let's be very, very clear like here was Donald Trump couldn't even handle getting asked a question. He's this petulant third grader. No offense to third graders, play the Clip. Mr. President, we so appreciate you giving us an hour of your time. I wanna start by addressing the elephant in the room. Sir, a lot of people did not think it was appropriate for you to be here today. You have pushed false claims about some of your rivals from Nikki Haley to former president Barack Obama saying that they were not born in the United States, which is not true.


You have told four congresswomen of color who were American citizens to go back to where they came from. You have used words like animal and rabid to describe black district attorneys. You've attacked black journalists calling them a loser, saying the questions that they ask are stupid and racist. You've had dinner with a white supremacist at your Mar-a-Lago resort. So my question, sir, now that you are asking black supporters to vote for you, why should black voters trust you after you have used language like that? Well, first of all, I don't think I've ever been asked a question. So in, in such a horrible manner, the first question, you don't even say, hello, how are you?


Are you with A, B, C? Because I think they're a fake news network, a terrible network. And I think it's disgraceful that I came here in good spirit, I love the black population of this country. I've done so much for the black population of this country. So that's going on at Fox. Then you have RSBN, which like competes with Fox. They're the other, they're called themselves. They're right side broadcast network. So they have to be like, they're like extra propaganda. So first they say that Trump is the president of democracy. Play the clip. He Is the president of democracy. He truly is.


And he can't get more democratic than Donald Trump, that small d Democratics. Then they say Trump is an incredible athlete who randomly play the clip. President Trump is truly a great athlete. I know he always talks about it, you know, on the campaign trail, but to see it live in action. Yeah, not that he had any doubt about it, but it was phenomenal. It's an amazing video as well. Amazing And. then here's where they're going with this. Just pure unadulterated racism here. Watch how pathetic this is. Play this clip. All the media was claiming Kamala Harris, same media by the way, that claimed that she was once the borders are what she was. Now they're saying no, we never said that. They also said back then, and she campaigns on this being the first Indian American senator elected to the Senate, although Pocahontas also made a run for, for her money.


But you know, she campaigns on being Indian American, Kamala Harris, Kamala Harris, Indian American. Now all of a sudden she did a 180. She becomes, she really is elevating and pushing her black side. I think it's like 25% maybe. Well, you know, and a lot of the, the, A lot of black Americans are, A lot of the mainstream media is making fun of us when we say things like that, and I wanna just address that because of course people can have various races and be mixed. I'm mixed. We're all, all of us have different mixes. That's, that's, that's life. That's America. We're all from different countries. We have different cultural backgrounds. Somebody can have two different backgrounds. Three, but here's the thing, you don't pander to one race and one background and say And.


then you exploit that and you use that for your own gain versus using it as the truth and saying, well, here's my mother. Is this, my father is this, this is my background. My husband is this, this is who I am and I wanna be there for all Americans. No, she's not doing that. She's doing the opposite, right? And that's what I think is making people upset. You talk to so many African Americans who support President Trump and they, they're opposed to her policies, right? They don't like that. They don't think she's looking out for their interests, which he's not. All of this is happening. Donald Trump selling new sneakers. That's what Donald, Donald Trump is out there selling new sneakers over here, Bitcoin, sneakers, whatever that even means. Then Donald Trump went to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania last night where he talked about how vice president Kamala Harris is too tough on him here, play the clip, Trying to pass herself off as a tough on crime prosecutor.


She wasn't tough on crime. She's only tough on guys like me. And by the way, just for a dose of truth, here's what really went down. This is from M-S-N-B-C. Play the clip. And in talking to people, you read some of the reporting that I got. I was sitting in the room and people were stunned, right? I'm gonna take you a little bit behind the scenes. People were stunned, people were gasping. There were some people who were, who were shouting back at him saying, that's a lie. So the room, the the atmosphere, I think was already sort of tense because this is a president that has attacked a number of, of national association black journalists, And, and I like this too. This is Fred Trump going on M-S-N-B-C yesterday, play the clip. Do you feel bad?


I mean, what, what would, what would you have to make up for His, his lack of empathy? I, I don't, I I feel that my name, my name has been attached to his a his insanity. I'll use it. This is batshit crazy. You can say that here. Oh, and I think Pete Buttigieg frames it perfectly. Listen to this, And the, the more she pulls ahead, the more you're going to see. I think Trump revert to the only thing he knows how to do when he is trying to get attention, which is to get more and more outrageous.


Remember, for, for that brief period when it looked like maybe he might have been winning earlier this year, he actually began to show some glimmers of something that might be described as discipline that collapsed the moment that, that Kamala Harris became the, the presumptive nominee. And, and now we're, we're seeing that. We're seeing it when he has an even mildly skeptical or challenging interview, which as we can tell from today's event, he was not able to handle without just being even more insulting and, and strange than usual. But even Let me know what you think. Fox imploding, right side, broadcast, network, imploding, hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million. Thanks for watching.


Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.