
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at shopify.com/special offer


This MLB season FanDuel S Dinger Tuesday is back. And this year all customers get a profit boost to BET home runs every week. So gear up to go yard all season long on FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 Plus in President Select states opt in required bonus issued is non Withable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including any token expiration in max wager amount. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER


10 years from today. Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses Lisa's taking now with A A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does and she can finally run with the big dogs. And the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself. And ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


State regime. Media known as foxes in a total and utter collapse as its propaganda, trying to act like Donald Trump's strikes against Iran were some massive victory. It is backfiring in Fox's face and they just don't know what to do. So they try to number of tactics yesterday. So first they bring on Marco Rubio and Marco Rubio, the Secretary of State, tries to pretend that America is not at war with Iran because Donald Trump attacking Iran is incredibly unpopular. So here's Marco Rubio. He goes on Maria Bar Roma and he goes, no, we're not at war with Iran, we're just focusing on the nuclear program.


That's about it. Here, play this clip. Mr. Secretary, thank you for being here. Are we now at war with Iran? War With Iran? No, we're not. This is not a war against Iran. This is, this is very simple. You know, 67 days ago, the president of the United States sent the Iranians a letter and it said, you're not gonna have nuclear weapons, you're not gonna have a militarized nuclear program. Let's negotiate. I want do this diplomatically. I wanna do this peacefully. They played, they tried to play him along the way. They've played every American president for the last 35 years. And you know, the president told them, if we don't get a deal, which is what he wanted, then I'll have to handle it differently. But You see, then Donald Trump contradicts what you just saw right there.


And Donald Trump posts, it's not politically correct to use the term regime change. But if the current Iranian regime is unable to make Iran great again, why wouldn't there be regime change? Make Iran great again. Exclamation point. Exclamation point. So then Fox has to pivot. So then you have Kaylee McEnany on Fox, who's Donald Trump's former press secretary. And now she says every dictator is on notice right now. So now they're expanding their regime change operation to include all dictators around the world. America's gonna go to war with everybody. Well that escalated quick here.


Play this clip. Precisely every dictator in the world is on notice now. Now one of the things that we're learning as well is that the Fordo nuclear complex was not completely destroyed and Donald Trump on Saturday said it was completely destroyed. And Trump says that the entire nuclear operation of Iran has been knocked out, destroyed forever. They are done. So now it's time we just move on. And Trump's like, could we talk about the budget bill? He doesn't really work that way Donald. And in fact, with all of the data coming out, it seems that the nuclear facility was not completely destroyed at all.


That the uranium was able to be moved. And also that Iran had warned Donald Trump that they would potentially activate terrorist cells across the world or potentially in the United States as a result of Trump's conduct. So now I wanna show you what Fox is doing. They are preemptively blaming former President Biden for potential terrorist attacks in the United States caused by Donald Trump teaming up with Netanyahu and no other allies of the United States and attacking Iran. Seriously. Bill Mulligan of Fox is saying per senior CBP sources, here were all of the Iranian nationals that crossed during Biden and let go.


We don't know if they're terrorists, but there may be Biden Iranian terrorists out there. Do you see what they're doing? But now that the Midas touch network and independent medias out there calling them out, educating the American people, what's going on? Swatting down their propaganda tactics. Fox doesn't know what to do. So they try their usual tricks. They bring on this guest who's like to the Iranian people, I say yaah to the Iranian people. Yaah now go and overthrow the Ayatollah here, play this clip. And to the Iranian people, I say, yah, go. Go take your country back. The world is watching and we all stand with you.


Yah, that's a word I've I've learned from you Aaron Cohen, thank you very much. World. Can we just be real for a second? Like I think the Ayatollah is a terrible person, okay? I don't want to see the Ayatollah running Iran. I don't think that Iran should have nuclear weapons. I don't want though the United States to be in a never ending Middle East War based on false pretext the same way we did in Iraq in 2003. This is like that on steroids and on fast forwards times about 10 x. And let me tell you, I just have a hunch here that even if the Ayatollah is unpopular amongst a lot of Iranian people, I'm gonna guess that Benjamin Netanyahu and Donald Trump are more unpopular.


And I don't think the Iranian people are going to welcome a just come on regime, change us in Iran and why don't you put a Netanyahu and Trump puppet. I'm sure that will go real well. Utterly, utterly. I'm being facetious of course. Then you have this next guest here who goes on Fox and now they try to kind of push their propaganda into overdrive and they go, we are so blessed. We are so lucky to have Pete Heif and Donald J Trump running the operation. Unlike the people who are running California and Los Angeles. He talks like that too.


Earplay this clip. I Think it's reassuring that in the face of this situation, we've got really strong leadership in the federal administration. Whether that's the Department of Justice, FBI, of course, Pete there and the President. That's reassuring. It's not reassuring frankly, when you have states like California, cities like Los Angeles led by people with no moral clarity on these questions and no real operational competence when it comes to law and order in any sense. Look, Okay, so, so then you have Mark Levin. Mark Levin is like the biggest war monger. He's like, lemme tell you, it's my Mark Levin impression.


So Mark Levin then spends the entire night. Let me tell you, I'm Mark Levin and here's what you need to know. Donald Trump is just like Netanyahu. Now I want you to watch this clip because Mark Levin Essentially says that Trump and Netanyahu are so similar to one another and such good friends because they're both criminals. Here play this clip Alliance between our two countries. Let me tell you a little story quickly. Donald Trump and Benjamin Netanyahu are friends. They have many of the same friends and enemies look in our country. Our government tried to take out Donald Trump.


The establishment tried to take him out. They used phony crimes, they used phony civil statutes. They brought him in Democrat districts. They had judges, I would say, in their back pocket ideologically yes. And yet he muscled through and he defeated them. And you defeated them too with your, with your vote. This election, Benjamin Netanyahu has something similar going on. He's been in a criminal trial over the most inane allegations one can ever imagine. And it goes on and on and on with a hard left attorney general, a hard left prosecutorial system and radical leftist judges, including on their Supreme Court.


They have basically what is a judicial tyranny at the highest level. We have a judicial tyranny at the lowest level, but sort of leaching into the highest level. So they share the same in many respects, enemies, obstacles, and friends. And so they're very close. Despite all the leaks that you read in Axios and Politico that were pushed out there, a gap between Netanyahu and Trump. A gap between the the Americans and the Israel. So


You ever wake up and feel like your body just hit the snooze button on life? Yeah, same honestly. Aging sneaks up on you in some wild ways. Whether it's a night out or a good workout. I just don't bounce back the way that I used to. One day you're full of energy. The next you're Googling how to stretch without pulling a muscle. I believe one of the best aging breakthroughs of the last decade is quality alytic. And here's why. It's designed to help your body naturally eliminate something called senescent cells, also known as zombie cells. These are the ones that just hang around after they've stopped doing their job, draining your energy and making you feel well old. Think joint discomfort, sluggish recovery, low energy, the whole deal quality of Seno Litic is a groundbreaking supplement made with nine plant-based nutrients. And you only take it two days a month. That's it. Since I started taking it, I felt more energized, quicker to recover from workouts and honestly just more like me. Again, plus quality of breakthrough formulation is vegan non GMO and tested by leading scientists experience the science of Feeling younger. Go to quality of life.com/midas for up to 50% off your purchase and use code Midas for an additional 15%. That's Q-U-A-L-I-A life.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for that extra 15% off your older self will. Thank you. And thanks to Qualia for sponsoring this episode.


And then Mark Levin calls on a former Deputy Assistant Attorney General John Yu. And what they try to argue to their magm mush brain audience, which I will fact check and Mark Levin's like, why do we even need to go to Congress in the first place? And then they have John Yu who tries to, you know, talks very sophisticated. He goes, well the War Powers Act by is inherently unconstitutional. We, we must go back to the Constitution. You see the Article two, which deals with the executive branch. The Donald Trump's able to do whatever he wants. Why would he have to go through Congress here, play this clip?


What do you say to them about impeach the President over the War Powers Act is the War Powers Act Constitutional, let's start right there. I agree with you, mark. I don't think it is. The Constitution sets out the war powers. Congress can't use a law to rewrite the Constitution. And the Constitution says the President is the chief executive of the United States, and he's the commander in chief. The founders understood those phrases to mean that the President has the primary responsibility to protect our national security. Alexander Hamilton in the Federalist paper said, energy in the executive is a definition of good government. 'cause he was explaining why are these clauses in the Constitution?


And he said, it's response, it's necessary to protect the communities, our community from attack. That doesn't mean Congress has no power, Congress has the power to provide funds or to cut them off. That's how Congress ended the Vietnam War. That's how Congress ended the Mexican American War of 1848. But what Congress can't do is take these theories promoted by people who felt burned by Vietnam or burned by the Iraq War. Take these academic theories and use them to try to rewrite the constitutional order. You can only amend the Constitution if you want to do that. You know, I, okay, Well why don't we look at the United States Constitution, article one, section eight, which says, the sole power, the sole power to declare war is held by Congress, Markle by Congress.


If you go and look at Article one, section eight, the Congress shall have the power to declare war. And then it says to raise and support armies to provide and maintain a Navy to make rules for the government and regulation of land and naval forces. And then it says, to provide for the calling of militias. So the Congress has that so power. Now, once Congress authorizes it based on its sole powers, the commander in chief, the President can then faithfully execute the laws as commander in chief. The Constitution clearly says, mark Laman, that it's Congress's power.


That's why the War Powers Act is, is constitutional, because it's based on Article one, section eight. So then you have Trey Gowdy. One of the most incredible things too is you know, like the Trey Gowdy of the world and even the Levis, they don't really like Trump. And the people who like Trump, the MAGA base, Trump screwed them and he promised them no wars. And then Trump went with the war mongers on Fox like Trey Gowdy. So here you have Trey Gowdy speaking with Senator Tim Scott. And let just look at this North Korea style propaganda.


Tim Scott's like, let us just stop and let us reflect and say thank you dear leader, thank you for this. You you, you have made the world so much of a better place. We, we need to do that. Trey, play this clip. 1000%. The president has all the authority he needs. Let us stop here and say thank you, Mr. President, for the flawless decision to carry out a very important strike. What President Trump just did was save American lives, protect American interest and stand with America's friends and allies in the region. He always has the authority, the constitutional authority to take care of business for the American people.


For those folks in either body who believes differently, it's just hogwash. Let's stand with our president, stand with our country, and let's do the right thing. Let's not make this a Republican or Democrat issue. This is an American issue, carried about, carried out by the President of the United States. On behalf of the American people. This is a great day in America. A truly great day. Really? You think it's a better place right now? Oil takers are making U-turns right now at the strait of ous, the Chinese oil tankers as well. Oil's about to go up massively. Iran is threatening terrorist strikes.


The State Department had to issue a statement to all Americans traveling abroad, that you are now targets of potential assassination and terrorist attacks as a result of what the United States is doing. So I guess mission, mission accomplished there, huh? Mission accomplished. Here you have Pete Hegseth, just, just so you see how ridiculous this is. Earlier on Sunday, Pete Hegseth held a press conference where he said the mission was never about regime change when it comes to Iran play this clip. Yeah. So is regime change off the table, Mr. Secretary and to the chairman? You know, you, you said the battle damage assessment is still ongoing, but do you believe that some nuclear capability in Iran remains this Mission was not and has not been about regime change.


The president authorized a precision operation to neutralize the threats to our national interests posed by the Iranian nuclear program and the collective self-defense of our troops and our ally Israel. And then you have JD Vance saying the mission was never regime change. Play this clip. Well look, That's up to the Israelis. But our view has been very clear that we don't wanna regime change. We do not want to protract this or build this out any more than it's already been built out. We want to end their nuclear program. And then we want to talk to the Iranians about a long-term settlement here. Alright, well now it's apparently regime change.


Regime change. Regime change, right? That's all they're talking about. Then they bring on Nancy Mace on Fox. And here Nancy May says, have you said thank you yet? To our dear leader, have you said thank you? Have you prayed for Donald? Have you said thank you to our Mandarin Mussolini here play this clip. Well, I think it's really obscene what Hanana has stated. I mean, what Donald Trump and Israel have done is they have made the world a much safer place. Donald Trump drew a line in the sand, a red line. Iran crossed it, and we took out, he made good on his promise. He took out three of Iran's nuclear facilities. They were very close to having a nuclear warhead.


I know this, I've been briefed along with a lot of other members, but he did the right thing. And we learned last night, like we learned with Soleimani, Donald Trump doesn't make threats. He makes promises. And he made good on his promise last night. And we are all safer for it. We can say thank you to President Trump for his endeavors last night and our military and our pilots and everyone who was part of that operational, that operation last night. Yeah, I mean We, we Talk. That's the most ridiculous things that we're watching right there. Here's Mark Levin saying we need to defeat these Democrats and isolationists like Republicans. Thomas Massey and Rand Paul here play this claim. They claim this law was passed in haste.


It's unworkable. You wanna taste of this, you're gonna need it because we're gonna fight this battle. We have to defeat these Democrats, these isolationists who are in Congress, the radical libertarian isolationists like Tommy Massey Rand Paul, who claimed that they know what the Constitution is when they don't know what the hell they're talking about. Sec. And then finally you have Mark Levin refer to Democrats as the enemy from within who must be defeated. Just watch this tyrannical language right here from this fricking Maura Mark La play this clip. And so there they are, the Reprobates, the Mis grant, the malcontents starting with a OC and Bernie Sanders.


Two people who hate the Constitution and hate the Republic. Or they wouldn't be Marxist Islamists, would they? So they say the President violated the War Powers Act, which was passed in 1973. And my guess, John, you and I are gonna discuss it some length. It was violated. He must be impeached. He's a dictator. Our military just pulled off something that is astonishing. Just save the world, the entire world. And by the way, that includes the United States from a nuclear Iran. And the Democrats see this as an opportunity. They believe to exploit they're the enemy within.


They are the enemy within. I mean, dude, just because you have the most obnoxious voice ever and you go, okay, doesn't mean you are right. It actually me usually shows how wrong you are. But guess what, mark Laman, we are the media now might as touch network, gets more views than you do. Maybe your propaganda crop would've worked a long time ago. Not anymore, Fox. That's not the way it works. We're getting 33 million views here every 48 hours on our network, and we're calling out the propaganda. Everybody hit subscribe.


Let's get to 6 million subscribers. New Midas Merch Drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot midas touch.com.