
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


This episode is brought to you by Rakuten. If you are shopping while working, eating, or even listening to this podcast, then you know and love the thrill of the hunt. But are you getting the thrill of the best deals Rakuten Shoppers? Do they get the brands they love with the most savings and cash back? And you can get it too. Start getting cash back at your favorite stores like Samsung, Expedia, and Sephora, and even stack sales on top of cash back. It's easy to use and you get your cash back through PayPal or check. The idea is Simple Stores Pay Rakuten for sending them shoppers, and Rakuten shares the money with you as cash back. Download the free Rakuten app and never miss a deal or go to rakuten.com to start getting the most bang for your buck. That's R-A-K-T-E-N.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee. Just start speaking another language with babble right now, up to 55% off your babble subscription at Babbel dot com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify. Podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know If you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms@mintmobile.com.


Clean up on aisle three. Fox is just in a spiral right now as Donald Trump keeps saying more dangerous and psychotic things. Fox has to be state run regime media. They got a cover for him, right? So they have to hit their beats every day. So one of the beats they wanted to hit over the past 24 hours is there really shouldn't be any opposition or strong opposition to Donald Trump. You just gotta live with it. People live with it. So this is what Sean Hannity said here, play this clip. You know, Joe, all these years I've been doing this, there've been elections that the candidate of my choice didn't win.


And you know what? I didn't go out there and start singing. I didn't start saying F them, F them. I didn't go out there and say, we're the resistance a constitutional crisis? No, you know what? I pointed out their flaws and, and and fought for better ideas. Then as Donald Trump talks about conquering Gaza or just taking Gaza and occupying it and forcing all the Palestinians to go into countries that are not agreeing to accept Palestinians and engage in this horrific ethnic cleansing. And Trump's bragging about it and calling it a real estate deal, Fox is trying to get its viewers to be like, yeah, let's do it. So they have Jesse Waters who's like their xenophobe in chief, and he starts saying, look, that what makes Palestinians such a threat is that they have far more babies than the people in Israel here.


Just play this clip. Let's play it. But this, this population in Palestine is hostile, it's uneducated, it's even more radicalized than they were at the beginning of this. I mean, now they have no homes at all. They're even more hateful of the Israelis and their birth rate is explosive. The average Palestinian woman has five and a half babies. The average Israeli woman has only two and a half babies. So demographically they're a threat. Not to mention the national security threat there, there is no way you can have these two peoples living side by side.


Interesting. Alright, so then they move on to this issue of impoundment, right? This is what Donald Trump and his regime is setting up for before the Supreme Court by trying to cut off all government funding to essentially all of the agencies they don't like, which is basically all of the agencies impoundment it. It is what it sounds like. Trump wants to impound, take the funds that Congress appropriated and keep it for himself rule like a dictator. So he gets to decide where it goes. So Fox is starting to talk about, and by the way, where do you think it goes? Probably to, he said it, a sovereign wealth fund for him and Elon Musk to buy things for him and Elon Musk.


So Trump could rule like a Saddam Hussein or a Kim Jong-Un or a Vladimir Putin or a MBS in Saudi Arabia. I mean, that's what they're saying. That's what Donald Trump wants. So Ted Cruz then goes on Fox and he says the quiet part out loud. He goes, well, I think the Trump administration, they're teeing up a challenge to bring back impoundment. Okay, first off, what do you mean bring it back? It's unlawful. It's violative of the law here, but play this clip. Listen, what President Trump and Elon Musk are doing is they are trying to reign in the outta control spending. And in terms of the constitution, there is a long history of presidents exercising a power called impoundment.


As you know, I do a podcast every week called Verdict with Ted Cruz. Yesterday's podcast does a deep dive explaining what Trump and Elon are doing. But you look at Impoundment Thomas Jefferson first exercised impoundment in 1801, and I think the, the Trump administration is teeing up a legal challenge to bring back impoundment, to turn around spending and debt. And that's a very good thing for American taxpayers. So that was one of the messages that they wanted out today, right? I mean, they have to message number one, there shouldn't be opposition. Let's all just kind of get along and let him do do his thing, right? Because Fox knows that resistance is growing.


There's protests that are happening, corporate media's covering it up. We're we're addressing it here. The other thing is, we gotta justify Donald Trump saying he's gotta conquer Palestinians. So let's just talk about that. They give birth to too many babies, right? So then they do that. Then impoundment boom, they bring on Russ's vote Architected Project 2025, who runs the Office of Management and Budget for Donald Trump. And he or he talks about impoundment again, here, play this clip. You Know what if Congress says build a bridge for a billion dollars, and Mr. Trump says, no, no, I can do it cheaper at 500 million. Why not impound the unused 500 million? Well, look, Larry, you know, the president has recognized that 200 years of presidents had the ability to impound funds, and as a result, we're able to do a far better job of being able to control costs.


And what we see at the end of fiscal year is agencies have the normal bureaucracy approach to use it or lose it. But what the Impoundment Control Act does is come on and say, look, if you're trying to save money in the end of the fourth quarter and do things smartly, oh my gosh, that's that. That's something that is, is a violation of the Impoundment Control Act. And what we see at the end of the fourth quarter is flat screen TVs and copy machines in the halls of every agency because they're just trying to push it out the door. The president is well aware of the authority that other presidents have had, and he has put forward on the campaign trail ideas on that front. We don't have anything to announce today, but this is certainly something he's well aware of the, of the power that should exist with the executive branch.


So, but then Fox has to pivot to their next message, which is that this is, by the way, all out of the fascist playbook. You see, I'm going through the fascist playbook right now. You one by one. So then they have to go to Donald Trump needs to defy court orders because Republican courts, Democrat courts, meaning judges who have been appointed by democratic presidents, judges who have been appointed by Republican presidents, including judges appointed by Donald Trump, they've ruled against Trump over and over and over again. Trump keeps losing in court. So as he keeps losing, and these judges are issuing nationwide injunctions, because what Trump is doing is so unlawful now they attack the judges.


So now Fox pushes the message, okay, these judges are defying the Constitution and we should start not following what courts do watch. These judges are getting silly. I don't know how and when this is gonna be resolved, but there's a certain, you know, it's a preposterous notion that political appointees can't see it. And that says it's preposterous that outsiders or now employees of the government, like Elon Musk, can't do their job and search for fraud. I do not understand this and I think a lot of people are scratching their heads, Russ, Well, it defies common sense. It defies the Constitution. But the reality is this is a been a key pillar of the Democrats administrative state.


And one of the, their principles is that career individuals and not political appointees are the ones that they want to rely on making decisions and shielding those of us who are political appointees from the actual information that we need to make decisions based on what the President would do if he was in our shoes. And you can't do that If you don't have access to the information and you don't have the tools at your disposal to make sure everything's going across your, your desk that you need to know to be a sound representative of the president. Yeah, I mean, it seems to me an intrusion into presidential authority and executive authority,


As I'm sure you've been noticing, the Midas Touch Network's expanding rapidly. And we've got employees, reporters, and contractors across the country and the world. And I've gotta keep track of all of our receipts and all of our invoices, the nuts and bolts of running a business. So I use Ramp. Ramp is a free corporate card that automates away your entire expense process. The moment your team makes a purchase Ramp, handles everything, receipt matching, categorization, approvals, the works. So for most companies, finance teams spend about 80% of their time doing tactical, busy work, chasing down expenses and reconciling statements. And only 20% on high value strategic thinking Ramp flips the script. It's a free corporate card that handles all the tedious financial operations automatically. So your finance team can focus on what actually moves the needle, forecasting, strategic planning and driving growth. Also, it's super simple to switch to Ramp for new members. Ramp offers a complimentary white glove onboarding service to help you migrate from your current corporate card to start using Ramp Plus, you'll get a free metal card to use and impressive tactical upgrade. Don't wait. We use it, you should use it too. So over 25,000 businesses, including ours, trust Ramp, including Shopify and the Boys and Girls Club of America, which is why they were just named the number one spend management by G two. And now for a limited time, listeners of the show can get $250 when you join Ramp. Just go to Ramp dot com slash midas. That's Ramp RAM p.com/m E-I-D-A-S Ramp dot com slash midas cards issued by Sutton Bank.


So then Laura Ingraham in the evening slot, she takes that cue and she and MAGA Republican Congress member Chip Roy, now they start talking about, they say, we need, they, they trying to justify this. Let's bring back Andrew Jackson's playbook. And Trump should not follow what courts do. He should be like Andrew Jackson. So now what they're trying to do is find some historical precedent to justify authoritarianism. And now what they're gonna push out is federal judge orders don't matter. So Trump should just rule like a dictator. That's what they're sa. That's why I'm playing this for you. I want you to see the playbook of what they're saying near play.


This clip, Just enacting your agenda and looking for waste is now something that requires a nationwide injunction to stop. Congress has got to step in on this nationwide injunction issue. I think that should be, that's like right up there with election integrity. Well, let's keep in mind, I'm gonna be quick here. The president beat Lawfare when it was going after him, when he was a candidate. The president's gonna beat this, in my opinion. Yes, I think he should take a page outta Andrew Jackson's playbook At some point. JD Bans is right. When JD said, hold on, you can't have a judge step in when the president is exercising his constitutional authority. Imagine if a judge said, Mr. President, as as commander-in-chief, you can't bomb this particular city or this certain area.


You can't do that. You gotta give the president the ability to be the chief executive. I hope we'll continue to do that. Congress, by the way, we need to make his executive orders permanent. We need to pass laws to back up his agenda. Weo. We need to go quickly to do that. And then we can stand behind the President. But the President's right to say, oh, follow the law, but the Constitution matters too. And he could do his job. And then they Bring in cruel. I mean, Alina Haba and Alina Haba goes, there's a separation of powers for a reason. The executive branch is the ultimate authority on federal issues. Of course, you can see the internal contradiction right there. The separation of powers means that there are three co-equal branches of government.


Let me repeat that because I know MAGA has gutted civics. Three co-equal branches of government, the Executive Branch Congress, the House of Representative, and the Senate, two chambers, and the judiciary. Under the judiciary there is judicial review where federal courts with the highest level, the Supreme Court rules on the constitutionality of Acts, executive branch acts, they interpret the Constitution and make sure that things are conforming to it. But now what Alina Haba is saying here is that the separation of powers means that the executive branch has ultimate authority.


That's literally the opposite of separation of powers. Co-equal, co-equal, equal play. This clip Separation of powers. It's a really novel idea, but our founding fathers created a document, the Constitution, there's a separation of powers for a reason. The executive branch is the ultimate authority on federal issues. And we have rogue judges who are trying to stop members like Doge Team Cent from doing their job. And that's to protect taxpayer dollars to look at what we're doing with spending and to run the federal government under President Trump. So here, Here's what, and then here is Alina Haba again. And he, she attacks Democratic Congress member Ted Liu, for saying that court order should be followed.


And Alina Habb is like, ah ha ha. This guy is not a lawyer. He doesn't know what he's talking about. Democratic Congress member Ted Li went to the law school that I went to Georgetown University Law Center. He was the editor of Law Review. He was a lawyer in the military with the jag. He was a member of Jag. He received lots of distinguished honors for his job as an advocate in the military. He was an accomplished lawyer, unlike Alina Haba, who was no offense to parking lot lawyers because, And there may be some good parking lot lawyers out there, but that doesn't qualify them to be doing this at the White House. I'm sure parking lot lawyers would agree.


Yeah, we'll just stick to the parking lots. She was a parking lot lawyer who basically lost all of Donald Trump's cases. And then Donald Trump elevated her to the top, and now she's his main advisor. Play this. Every president, including Donald Trump in his first term, comply with court orders. If this administration is gonna start ignoring court orders, they're essentially eliminating entire judicial branch. Because why even have judges if you're not going to follow their court orders? So we expect this administration to follow the court orders. And then what JD Vance said was just clearly insane. If he really wants to eliminate the third branch of government, I think there's gonna be enormous pushback from both Republicans and Democrats.


What's your legal take on these arguments? Elena? What a spin. Martha, what a spin. That guy should get a degree in spinning. Number one, he is probably not a lawyer. 'cause that made zero sense to me. Number. All right, so you see the different things that Fox is doing, right? Attack the Palestinians, attack the courts, promote impoundment, say there shouldn't be opposition. Now let's add just some spicy propaganda. Let's just start talking about Gulf of America. America, right? Let's just, let's fire up our Fox base America here, play this clip, American Energy production. Larry finally opening up a from the Gulf of America and my district all the way up to Anwar and Alaska, and every point in between.


America's ready to produce more energy. All right? And now it's the evening hour. So what do you do on Fox after doing all of those things that I just mentioned? Fear. Fear. You gotta scare your viewer. You gotta scare him. So how do you scare him? Bring on Tom Holman, who looks pretty scary in and of itself, but he goes, and again, he's the border czar. It's like a made up position. And he goes, I don't sleep well at night because I am afraid of the people walking the streets here play this clip. I'm taking this seriously. I I don't sleep well at night. 'cause I'm, I'm afraid of the people that are walking the streets here every day because sanctuary cities will protect them.


Sanctuary cities are sanctuary for criminals. Bottom line. So we're going, we're going to do everything we can to find them. No, regardless of what it takes. We got a strong president of the White House that's given us all authority. We need. We're coming. Just think about it. He's saying that he doesn't sleep well at night. He's afraid to walk around the country because of the people walking the streets that he doesn't wanna walk. He's the borders are so alpha, so alpha. I'm being sarcastic. Hit subscribe. Help us get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watch you again. Have a great day. Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.