
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage. LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


And now a next level moment from at and t business, say you've sent out a gigantic shipment of pillows and they need to be there in time for international sleep day. You've got at T 5G, so you're fully confident, but the vendor isn't responding. An international sleep day is tomorrow. Luckily at T 5G lets you deal with any issues with ease. So the pillows will get delivered and everyone can sleep soundly, especially you at T 5G requires a compatible plan. And device 5G is not available everywhere. See att.com/ 5G for you for details.


Everything that Donald Trump touches dies. And remember what I said in a prior video, in moments of chaos, you'll find opportunity to expose Donald Trump and this MAGA madness. We're seeing that right now with his appointment of Matt Gaetz as Attorney General, as the investigation into Matt Gaetz is being made more public through leaks. One of the things we are now learning per a BC is that Matt Gaetz would take the underage girls get this to Fox in New York. He would fly underage girls to watch him do interviews at Fox.


Then he would take the young girls to Broadway plays like the Play Pretty Woman about a businessman who falls in love with a prostitute. This is what a BC is reporting. Also, one of the lawyers for the girls, for the victims of Matt Gaetz was speaking out on CNN as well. Now, put this all together. Do you remember back? We reported on this. Then think about the links here. March 30th, 2021 when Tucker Carlson was still a host at Fox at that time. Remember when Matt Gates implicated Tucker Carlson in his underage girl's trafficking a matter investigation?


Do you remember that? Remember he went on Tucker. Remember what happened here, watch this Again. I only know what I've read in the New York Times. I can say that actually, you and I went to dinner about two years ago. Your wife was there and I brought a friend of mine, you'll remember her, and she was actually threatened by the FBI told that if she wouldn't cop to the fact that somehow I was involved in some pay for play scheme, that she could face trouble. And so I do believe that there are people at the Department of Justice who are trying to smear me. You know, providing for flights and hotel rooms for people that you're dating who are of legal age is not a crime.


And I'm just troubled that the lack of any sort of legitimate investigation into me would then per, would then convert into this extortion attempt. I I, I don't remember the the woman you're speaking of or the context at all, honestly, but I you Saw Tucker's reaction right there, right? This is from the interview as well. Let's play it. Congressman, thanks so much for coming on. Appreciate it. So this is obviously a serious allegation. Tell us what the truth is from your perspective. It is a horrible allegation and it is a lie. The New York Times is running a story that I have traveled with a 17-year-old woman, and that is verifiably false.


People can look at my travel records and see that that is not the case. What is happening is an extortion of me and my family involving a former Department of Justice official. On March 16th, my father got a text message demanding a meeting wherein a person demanded $25 million in exchange for making horrible sex trafficking allegations against me. Go away. Our family was so troubled by that we went to the local FBI and the FBI and the Department of Justice were so concerned about this attempted extortion of a member of Congress that they asked my dad to wear a wire, which he did with the former Department of Justice Official.


Tonight, I am demanding that the Department of Justice and the FBI release the audio recordings that were made under their supervision and at their direction, which will prove my innocence. And that will show that these allegations aren't true. They're merely intended to try to bleed my family out of money. And I will show you one more clip from that same interview here, play this clip. And I believe we are in an era of our politics now, Tucker, where people are smeared to try to take them out of the conversation. I'm not the only person on screen right now who's been falsely accused of a terrible sex act. You were accused of something that you did not do. And so you know what this feels like.


You know the pain it can bring to your family and you know how it just puts people on defense when you're accused of something so salacious and awful. But it did not happen. It is not true. I mean, you see Matt Gaetz there saying to Tucker, look, you, you know what? You've been accused of things like this, or I was at dinner with you when we put together the latest allegation that may be embedded in this ethics report about Matt Gaetz. And then you take a look at that interview with Tucker. I think serious questions need to be asked about, is that what Matt Gaetz was referring to? There was Matt Gaetz sending a signal to Tucker, Hey, you know what?


I know you need to protect me. Is that what was going on? Because what's interesting about what's taking place as well about this ethics report is just obviously Maga Mike Johnson. I, I was told not to call him Maga Mike Johnson anymore. I was told to call him Donald Trump's little Johnson, but I still call him Maga Mike Johnson for this video. Maga Mike Johnson and Jim Jordan all wanting to make sure this ethics report doesn't get out. I wonder if one of the things they're trying to protect is not Matt Gates, but I wonder if they're trying to protect Fox here, that these sex trafficking victims may have been going to Fox and Gates was taking girls there to watch 'em.


Here's what Johnson said, play this clip. I'm going to request, strongly request the, because that is not the way we do things in the house. And I, I think that would be a a. So now here's Jim Jordan, let me play you this clip right here of him saying that this ethics report detailing sex trafficking by Matt Gaetz drug use and more should not be released. Play this clip. And Congressman Jordan, do you have any sense about what will happen with that House ethics report that was supposed to come out Friday?


Remember, gates had been accused of things and that no prosecution had been continued. It had been dropped. Yeah, but Dick Durbin's trying to get his hands on that report, obviously to leak it out to hurt President Trump. What is your sense on that? Well, it's my understanding that is not supposed to go public. So if it's not supposed to under the rules, it shouldn't go public. And what I know about that Matt Gaetz is one of the best members we had on our committee. You in my time in Congress, which has been a while. I don't know if there are very few people who have the cross-examination skills. He does. And I want someone in the Justice Department who's not gonna say moms and dads at school board meeting needs to be investigated. I want someone at the Justice Department who's gonna say it's wrong for the FBI to do a memorandum and say that pro-life Catholics are extremists.


I want someone at the Justice Department who can tell us who planted the pipe bombs on January 6th, who leaked the Dobbs opinion, who put cocaine at the White House instead of all the other stuff. They seem to be focused on


One of the single biggest predictors of how long you'll live and how good you feel while living is your metabolic health. Now I strongly believe that you can't manage what you don't measure, and metabolic health can be difficult to measure. This is why I use levels to track my daily health metrics and habits and ultimately optimize my metabolic health levels. Helps me understand how my food and lifestyle decisions are impacting my health in the short term. I use levels to optimize my energy levels during the day and manage my weight in the long term. I'm thinking about the many chronic diseases that are directly linked to metabolic health, including diabetes, heart disease, and Alzheimer's. I use levels with a continuous glucose monitor to get my own personalized data, which I found to be really powerful to understand my own unique physiology. But you can also now use levels without a continuous glucose monitor. I never realized how much pasta could really spike my glucose until I started using levels. Levels has completely changed how and what I consume each day. The health and energy improvements I've seen since starting this journey has been a complete game Changer. Levels has recently launched some exciting new features to help track your macros, protein, fiber, fat, carbohydrates, and sugar, and create daily habits around your health goals. They also provide insights based on trends in your health metrics to help guide you to make the best decisions that will have a positive impact on your health. Metabolic health is about glucose and much more and levels now helps you keep track of it all. Now is a great time to get started if you've been waiting for the right time to join levels to improve your metabolic health. Right now Levels is offering my listeners an additional two free months of the Levels annual Membership. when you use my link levels link slash Midas, I don't know how long this offer's gonna last. So if you've been interested in learning more about your metabolic health, now is the time to get started. Levels link slash Midas.


Now, Mark Wayne Mullen, who's in the Senate now, Mark Wayne Mullen is a senator from Oklahoma. He had previously said of Gates that Gates would go around and brag about crushing a erectile dysfunction medication and, and having sexual girls. He would be telling all the other MAs that in the house of representative, this is a MAGA guy, Mark Wayne Mullen who said that about Gates there. But now Mark Wayne Mullen is a little bit mum about the report. So I wonder if there's some broader powers that be, whether it's at Fox or otherwise. That's also saying, look guys, we don't, this report can go out.


I wonder if there's something going on there. 'cause here's what Mark Wayne Mullen said recently, play this clip. Are you gonna vote for Matt Gaetz? You know, Matt Gaetz and I, there's no question that we've had our differences. They've been very public about it. I, I completely trust President Trump's decision making on this one. But at the same time, he's gotta come to Congress and sell himself. There's a lot of there or to the Senate and sell himself. There's a lot of questions that are gonna be out there. He's gotta answer those questions and hopefully he's able to answer the questions right. And if he can, then we'll, we'll go through the confirmation process. Senator Mark Wayne Mullen from the great state of Oklahoma. Good to see you, sir. Thanks so much for being here. I really appreciate it. Now you remember what Kevin McCarthy said at the Republican National Convention, let's play this clip, get booed off.


So that's the way they, you would get booed off the stage. That's, that's the biggest challenge we have. He said you would get booed off the stage. What's your response to him? Well, It, you know, he looks very unhinged. I mean a lot of people have concerns about him and I'm not sure if he was on something, but I do hope he gets the help that he needs. But more importantly, I hope the young women get the justice they deserve when it comes to him. I mean You're referring to the House Ethics committee investigation that is ongoing Yeah. With, yeah, with with his partner in jail because they paid underage women for sex and drugs. Yeah, that's what I'm referring. So He, he has denied all of that. I'm wondering, doesn't he deserve the presumption of innocence here? Well, people are in jail. The women have confirmed it.


He came to me. If I sort still wanted to be speaker, I could have done something illegal and stopped. The Ethics committee investigation that started four years before he Told you to stop the ethics. Yeah, that that's what the, that's what the whole motion to vacate was about. He bel he wanted me to engage and thought somehow I started this investigation. It started long before I was ever speaker. I, and as you know, as Congress, I don't get involved in ethics. It's an equal number. They could investigate me. It's it's, it has to be its own arm and branch. And so he wanted to leverage me to try to do that. And if I didn't, he wanted to do a motion to vacate. And He, he's denied that of course. That he urged you to stop the investigation.


No, I had other members come to me. He came to me. I had other people who were on tv. Your direct conversation he talked to, yeah. Yeah. So no, there's no denying it. Donald Trump's now press secretary and chief campaign spokesperson. Caroline Levitt was on Fox. And I think also Fox is trying to kind of pressure Trump like get in, no, don't do gates. But then you have Trump's crew like Caroline Levitt that are I guess professional rake steppers. And they're like, no, we, we want Gates here. watch this play this clip. Caroline, what do he say to that? Do? Does the president believe that Gates will get confirmed? And you hear Kevin McCarthy say that that won't happen and everybody knows that.


What do you say to that? We do believe that nine days ago, president Trump received a resounding mandate from the American people. A once in a generation mandate for change throughout this entire campaign. The American people made it clear they were sick and tired of the status quo from the Harris Biden administration. They wanted a new direction for this country and they chose President Trump to put America first. He has rolled out 16 fantastic picks over the past nine days. And Matt Gates is one of those picks. I know Matt personally, he's a great person. He is a man of integrity. He also is a brilliant litigator. He served on the House Judiciary committee for eight years. Anyone who has watched him in those hearings knows that he's incredibly impressive.


And like President Trump, Matt Gates has been a victim of the Weaponized Department of Justice. And one of the promises President Trump made to the American people was to root out the corruption at the DOJ. We have seen this agency turn against the American people because of their political beliefs. Matt Gaetz and President Trump are going to put an end to that. And that's what the American people want. That's why they elected him. So what do you Say here was Matt Gaetz an interview he did back in August of 2023, indicating that he had, even as then was having conversations with Donald Trump about coming, becoming the Attorney General play. This Clip Matt, Evan out is important for just the sake of truth itself. But I don't ascribe to the theory that we just have to surrender, sending criminal referrals because somehow Merrick Garland will never prosecute them.


For many of the crimes that we are observing. The statute of limitations is five years. And so we could send criminal referrals to the Department of Justice. We go take the White House back and you never know David. And maybe an attorney General Matt Gaetz down the road or someone of of my liking. Ooh, I like that. Who will be there to actually enforce the law and provide the accountability, not just the vision, but the actual accountability. The people that are sending you those messages deserve that in a free and just constitutional republic. Yeah, We do. We absolutely do. And I like that. I like that Attorney general Matt Gaetz. Are you kidding me, man? The world is not ready. Probably certainly Senate confirmation wouldn't be, but you know. Well, we're getting there. A boy can dream. We're We're getting there.


You can dream and I, we gotta, we gotta start with taking back the White House. Let's start there. Congressman Gates. And so when You put all of those pieces together that I just shared with you, I mean I, I will say this. You can come to the conclusion that there may be some deeper powers trying to block this ethics report. And it does seem at least, least it seems that Matt Gaetz and that 2021 interview was implicating Fox then and trying to send a signal that you need to protect me or else I know stuff about you.


I'm not saying I know that for a fact, but you heard it and went and now lines up with the reporting of him bringing the girls to Fox and then to Broadway plays and bringing them out town in New York as part of this trafficking investigation. Can we just talk to that about that Donald Trump appointed this guy or nominated this guy to be Attorney General? I think I saw the stat. 38% of Donald Trump's cabinet right now has accusations of sexual assault. It's not even to mention Trump. He's been liable for sexual, liable for sexual assault. Wake up people. Wake the heck up. Wake up, hit subscribe.


Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


And now a next level moment from at t business. Say you've sent out a gigantic shipment of pillows and they need to be there in time for international sleep day. You've got at T 5G so you're fully confident but the vendor isn't responding. An international sleep day is tomorrow. Luckily at T 5G lets you deal with any issues with ease, so the pillows will get delivered and everyone can sleep soundly. Especially you at T 5G requires a compatible plan and device 5G is not available everywhere. See att.com/ 5G for you for details.