
Checking in on Fox after their interview with Vice President Kamala Harris backfired and she took Brett Baier to school going on the offense in enemy territory. Well, Sean Hannity tried to cover up for Brett Baier and the disaster that went down on Fox News as they couldn't help Donald Trump. Here, Sean Hannity basically calls Vice President Kamala Harris, an angry black woman. Just listen for yourself, play the clip. He didn't let Kamala off the hook. He pressed her. He pressed her repeatedly. Needless to say, I'd say the joy is gone in the Harris campaign tonight. And her obvious anger that was on full display, the one she's notorious for, Then Brett Baier went on Sean Hannity and was trying to make excuses why Vice President Kamala Harris got the better of him in the interview.


He was like, it seemed like they were trying to ice us out here. Watch for yourself. Yeah, obviously. Thanks Sean. It's great to see you. It was, it was a little tense. We were given the time of 5:00 PM Eastern time. Obviously my show is at 6:00 PM they wanted to tape at 5:00 PM we said we were gonna tape as live. In other words, we rolled the tape and then just turned that around unedited, uninterrupted. And, but we had to do it before five 15, otherwise we couldn't turn the whole machine around before the top of the 6:00 PM show. So we were waiting at 4 55 and then five, and then 5 0 5 and then five 10 at five 17 the vice president walked out.


So it did feel a little bit like they were icing the kicker or trying to, and originally they were talking about 25 minutes and they gave us 20 minutes and I was fine with any time. I was really happy To, get the interview Then Sean Hannity said that Vice President Kamala Harris was actually living in an alternative universe. Really? Sean, really here play this clip. No wonder she showed up late. They gave Brett very limited time. Kamala Harris is clearly in a state of denial, living in an alternate universe, if you will, where everything bad that ever happened in her administration is the fault of Donald Trump. She wants to believe that because Donald Trump just breathes air and exists that things started just happening under her watch.


Back to Brett Baier on the Hannity program. Brett Baier said it seemed like she had a mission and maybe she was trying to, you know, get some sound bites out of that and may maybe she may have got it here. Play this clip. I actually think this is a different take. I think she had a mission that she wanted to do and maybe she wanted to have a viral moment. She wanted to have a pushback. She came to Fox News and, and she wanted to have a go after Donald Trump viral moment that plays on a lot of other channels and and on social media. And I think she may have gotten that. You think that earlier Brett Baier was trying to make some excuses as well, and Brett Baier iss, like I could see Vice President Kamala Harris' team in the distant and they were waving like they wanted this to stop so pathetic here.


Play this clip. Dana, you've been on the other side. You've been on the, the rapper as a press secretary interviewing a, a president and you know, I'm talking like four people waving their hands like it's gotta stop. So Martha final. Yeah, I had to dismount there at the end. There's so many things and she maybe should do more of these. And Jesse Waters had on his show, Don Jr. Earlier in the day. Don Jr. Was doing this, by the way. I'm not sure what that even is. And then Don Junior's, like she got unhinged right away. No, no she didn't. I'm gonna show some portions of that interview in a moment, but no, she didn't Here play this clip.


She's gonna get steamrolled. This is not a competent person that can handle this. She got unhinged in a very basic interview. Our enemies would love a Kamala Harris presidency. They are Then Don Junior's like, and, and the mainstream media's not gonna play the clips. I think they are. We wanna show those clips because Vice President Kamala Harris, the contrast between Vice President Kamala Harris and Donald Trump. Have you seen this meme of Donald Trump going around right now? Well the, the difference here could not be more stark. The contrast cannot be made more apparent. Played Don Jr. Here though play the clip One like me, who's been paying attention and it should be rest ev evidence of the rest of Americans once they see that interview.


But of course I'm sure the mainstream media will not show anyone a single clip. No, 'cause that would be end. Yeah, this will be blacked out hooked top. Yeah. Oh, I'm just,


Cat food has been the same for it's time for cat food to move into the 21st century. Don't you agree? That's why you've gotta try Smalls. It's time to make kibble a thing of the past. Smalls cat food is protein packed recipes made with preservative-free ingredients you'd find in your fridge and it's delivered right to your door. That's why veterinarians.org rate Smalls 10 out of 10 for ingredient quality. Now our cat's favorite flavor is Smooth Fish and our cats prefer Smalls way more than the previous cat food. I legitimately did a taste test. I didn't actually eat it myself, but put two bowls side by side and they immediately went to Smalls. Smalls was started back in 2017 by a couple of guys home cooking cat food and small batches for their friends. A few short years later, they've served millions of meals to cats across the country. I feel better knowing I'm feeding my cat real food, not burnt gibble. I could finally open a packet of cat food and not get nauseous. I actually recognize the ingredients in a packet of smallest food. So after making the switch to smallest, 88% of cat owners reported overall health improvement. That's great. That's a big deal. The team at Smalls is so confident your cat will love their product, that you can try it risk free. That means they will refund you if your cat won't eat their food. Now, now is the time to make the switch to Smalls. So head to Smalls dot com. It's easy to spell S-M-A-L-L s.com. Smalls dot com slash midas and use the promo code Midas at checkout for 50% off your first order. PLUS free shipping. That's the best offer you'll find. But you have to use our code Midas for 50% off your first order, one last time. That's promo code Midas for 50% off your first order PLUS free shipping. Go to Smalls dot com slash midas.


Then you had Republican from Georgia, Jeff Duncan, he was on CNN and he said, look, she went into enemy territory and handled business. Play this clip. Well I think we first gotta start off, she dove into the deep end of the pool with Fox News and Brett Baier and she did extremely well. She answered the questions on message and you know, look, the Republicans she's trying to track down right now at this point in the campaign are not the Republicans. She's gonna flip from Trump to herself. She's just trying to flip those. Those Republicans that are weren't gonna show up and vote and just sit on the couch. I think they heard a message today that was consistent and they were able to figure out do they want somebody who's more liberal than they are or somebody who lies to them every day.


And I think at the end of the day, more Republicans that sit in the middle are gonna, are gonna flock towards somebody that they can legislatively work with that's more liberal, but doesn't lie to them every time he opens his mouth. Jonah, I wanna get your overall impression of, and then here you had Brian Stelter reiterating that play the clip, Zach, I think I totally agree, Ashley. I think this strategy from Harris was a Google strategy. She wanted Fox viewers to start to google some of the things she was saying because some of the comments she was making in this interview are foreign to the Fox audience. For example, general Mark Millie saying Trump is a fascist to the core that's barely been covered on Fox News. So she was able To get some of those talking points in. This was the most adversarial interview Kamala Harris has probably ever done. Instead of getting to debate Trump again, she got to debate Brett Baier.


And a lot of viewers are gonna come away saying, wow, she's willing to do that. That's a sign of toughness and strength. Yeah, it's a impressive indeed. And here you add Max Rose on CNN, reiterating it, play the clip. That was a home run because she sent the one message that needs to be sent, which was, I will go anywhere at any time and show the courage necessary to speak to every American 'cause that's what a real president does. The primary critique against her prior to this point was that she was not doing enough interviews. No one thought that the Fox News interview was going to go swimmingly every step of the way. Everyone knew it would be adversarial, but she showed exactly what she needed to show, which was that she's a leader ready to be president on day one.


Did he just thought Laura Ham on Fox, she tried to cover it up. So who's your other Trump surrogate? Well, Jesse Waters got Don Jr. Usay now bring in Ouse Saddam Hussein's kids. Let's bring in Eric Trump. Eric Trump. Let's see what you gotta talk about. Play this clip. So your, your dad was at the Detroit Economic Club yesterday and put on, I thought was just like a masterclass that phrases used so you know, too frequently. But it really was a masterclass in leverage negotiations, why tariffs are important tool in, in negotiations. And I thought to myself, Kamala Harris could not do that if her life depended on it.


Explain the Federal Reserve. What does it do? Explain how, you know, you, you know, the Fed, you know, works with interest rates. How does that affect markets? Could do you think she could do that? I mean, I I know you probably you you're gonna say no, but she couldn't do that a again if, if, if, if their life depended on Also it wasn't the Detroit Economic Club. The Detroit Economic Club is where Donald Trump apparently soiled himself in public. Again, the Chicago Economic Club was the more recent one here. Eric Trump says that Vice President Kamala Harris never really had a job because she didn't sign the front of checks. Eric, tell us Americans, how you really feel about us. Okay, here, play this clip.


Well, I mean, Laura, she's never actually had a real job, right? I mean, she's been the federal government, her her entire adult life. She's never signed the front of a check. I mean, she's, she's And Eric Trump's like, I'm a smart guy, I'm really smart. Play the clip. The contradictions don't make sense. I'm a really smart guy, but I I none of us could follow it and I don't think you could follow it either. Yeah, I mean, No. Look, to be fair, some Fox hosts had to recognize defeat that vice president Kamala Harris did an incredible interview at Fox, for example. Here we go. Play it. You did a great job because you, you asked the tough questions and you went back at her at with tough questions and she should be pleased with how she performed this evening. I, Here's Britt yume, here's what he's gotta say.


Well, she was combative and energetic and she certainly landed some blows on Donald Trump And Dana Purino. Here's what Purino had to say, play the clip At Times, especially when she was trying to go after Donald Trump. She was fairly effective in that for to try To get her point of view across. Let Me show you what Vice President Kamala Harris, let's show you her taking care of business. In that interview with Brett Baier Brett Baier tries to show her a deceptively edited clip. She picks up onto it right away and says, you're not showing the clip, Brett, that wasn't the clip. Where Donald Trump says that he wants to send the US military on Americans, where Donald Trump calls the enemy from within Earplay.


This glimpse, I if He's as bad as you say that half of this country is now supporting this person who could be the 47th president of the United States. Why is that happening? This is a, an election for president of the United States. It's not supposed to be easy. I know, but if It's not supposed to be, it, it is not supposed to be a Cakewalk. So are they misguided? The 50%? Listen, are they stupid? What? What Is it? Oh God, I would never say that about the American people. And in fact, if you listen to Donald Trump, if you watch any of his rallies, he is the one who tends to demean and belittle and diminish the American people. He's the one who talks about an enemy within, within and enemy talking about the American people suggesting he would turn the American military on the American people.


We asked that question to the former president today, Harris Faulkner had a, a town hall and this is how he responded. I heard about that. They, they were saying I was like threatening. I'm not threatening anybody. They're the ones doing their threatening. They do phony investigations. I've been investigated more than Alfon Capone. He was the greatest gang. Oh goodness. No, it's true. We've no, but think of it, it's called weaponization of government. It's a terrible thing. So Brett, I I'm sorry. And with all due respect, that clip was not what he has been saying about the enemy within that he has repeated when he's speaking about the American people. That's not what you just showed. He was asked about that specific No, no, that's not what you just showed.


In all fairness, in respect to You. No, I'm telling that was the question that we asked about. You didn't show that. And here's the bottom line. He has repeated it many times and you and I both know that, and you and I both know that he has talked about turning the American military on the American people. He has talked about going after people who are engaged in peaceful protest. He has talked about locking people up because they disagree with him. This is a democracy. And in inner democracy, the president of the United States, in the United States of America should be willing to be able to handle criticism without saying he'd lock people up for doing it.


And this is what is at stake, which is why you have someone like the former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff saying what Mark Millie has said about Donald Trump being a threat to the United States of America. He's quoted in the Bob Woodward book that way. Yes. Let me ask Vice President Kamala Harris in his next clip said, Brett, stop interrupting me. Let me finish what I'm saying here. I'm trying to answer your question. This is how it's done folks. Let's play it For any before the Bipartisan Safe Communities Act. The first bill, practically within hours of taking the oath, was a bill to fix our immigration system.


Yes ma'am. It was called the US Citizen Citizenship Act of 2000. Exactly 21. It was essentially a So but I pathway To citizenship for the Please Finish. Yes ma'am. May I finish, may I finish responding please? But here, but this, but you have to let me finish please. You had the White House and the House and the Senate and they didn't Bring up Red Bill responding to the point you're raising. Okay. And I'd like to finish. Yes Ma'am. We recognized from day one that to the point of this being your first question, it is a priority for us as a nation and for the American people. And our focus has been on fixing a problem. And from day one then we have done a number of things, including to address our asylum system and put, put more resources, getting more judges what we needed to do to tighten up penalties and increase penalties for illegal crossings.


What we needed to do to deal with ports, points of entry between border entry points. That's the work we did. And we worked on supporting what was a bipartisan effort, including some of the most conservative members of the United States Congress to actually strengthen the border. That border bill would have put 1500 more border agents at the border, which is why I believe the border patrol agents supported the bill. It would've allowed us to stem the flow of fentanyl coming into the United States, which is a scourge affecting people of every background, every geographic location in our country, killing people. It would've allowed us to put more resources into prosecuting transnational criminal organizations, which I have done.


Yes ma'am. As the attorney general, former Attorney General of a border state. Madam Vice president a couple times, Prosecuted trafficking of drugs, six guns and human beings and guns. Six Democrats, Donald Trump. But lemme just finish. And Donald Trump, six Democrats voted against that bill. Donald Trump learned about that bill and told them to kill it because he preferred to run on a problem instead of fixing a problem. And in this election, this is rightly a discussion that the American people want to have and what they want are solutions. And they want a president of the United States who's not playing political games with the issue. I hear you, You're right. Now compare that to when Donald Trump went on Maria Bar and he said that the bigger problem, he goes, a bigger problem than Putin and President Xi.


He goes, it's the enemy within Americans. He says, and he says that he will send the military on Americans play the clip. Are you expecting chaos on election day? No. I I don't think, it's not from the side that votes for Trump, But I'm just wondering if these outside agitators will start off on election day. Let's say you win. I mean, let's not let's let's remember you've got 50,000 Chinese nationals in this country in the last couple of years. Yeah. You have people on the terrorist watch list, 350 in the last couple of years. You've got, like you said, 13,000 murderers and 15,000 rapists. Right. What are you expecting, Joe Biden said he doesn't think it's gonna be a peaceful election day. Well, he doesn't have any, do what's happening in, he spends most of his day sleeping.


I think the bigger problem is the enemy from within. Not even the people that have come in and destroying our country, by the way. Totally destroying our country. The towns, the villages, they're being inundated. But I don't think the other problem in terms of election day, I think the bigger problem are the people from within. We have some very bad people. We have some sick people, radical left lunatics. And I think they're the, and and it should be very easily handled by, if necessary by National Guard or if really necessary by the military because they can't let that happen. Yeah. That's the clip. You weren't showing Brett Baier and many clips like that where that's what Donald Trump said. But we the people and we the mightest mighty, we know those clips 'cause we show 'em every day.


Hear Donald Trump. Just compare what you saw with Vice President Kamala Harris there to hear Donald Trump at this Bizarre Oaks, Pennsylvania Town Hall where he just shuts down the town hall in the middle of it. And he is like, can I just bob my head to music here, play the clip. Let's not do any more questions. Let's just listen to music. Let's make it into our music. Who the hell wants to hear questions? Right. That's isn't that beautiful though? It's, it's a beautiful, and we played that in Butler, Pennsylvania. We had a moment of silence and then we had the bells of Notre Dame go off and then we had a great opera singer Christopher, who was so incredible and yeah, he was a great, great opera singer.


And remember the interview at the Chicago Economic Club at Fox was like, oh, it was so good. Really? It was the worst. So take what you just saw, vice President Kamala Harris. And contrast to this Justice department is thinking about breaking up alphabet as Google likes to be known now, should Google be broken up? I I just haven't gotten over something the Justice Department did yesterday where Virginia cleaned up its voter rolls and got rid of thousands and thousands of bad votes and the Justice Department sued them that they should be allowed to put those bad votes and illegal votes back in and let the people vote.


So I haven't, I I haven't gotten, I haven't gotten over that. A lot of people have seen that. They can't even believe it. So The question is about Google, president Trump. Yeah. Look, Google's got a lot of power. They're very bad to me. Very, very bad to me. I mean, I, I, I can speak from that standpoint And also contrast it to this play. The clip. I can ask about You now you gotta be able to finish a thought. Yeah. 'cause it's very important, you know, this is big stuff we're talking about. You can't go that quickly. You've gone from the dollar. Lemme just tell you. So I said no, I'm just telling you basic. It's called the weave. It's all these different things happening. Yeah. So let me just say, so I said to Mnuchin, Well, well, there you have it folks.


Let me know what you think. But Vice President Kamala Harris showing how it's done and Fox not handling it well hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Make sure you're registered to vote. Help others vote, help others register to vote. Okay. Family members, friends, coworkers, neighbors, they're pro-democracy. You know what to do. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.