
One of the things That, I've noticed recently about Fox News, isn. That, the more dangerous they Get, the weirder they Get and I. Guess that's some sort of direct relationship when It comes to Fox and Trump and maga. I'll show you all of this because as Donald Trump Just has these more and more bizarre appearances, they have to Just continue to ramp up their propaganda with the most bizarre lies, the weirdest coverage you've ever seen in your life. my name is Brett MICUs here with the Midas Touch Network. Remember to hit subscribe. help us Get to 3.5 million subscribers. We are getting there. We're getting thousands of subscribers. A day, thanks to you. Let's keep That momentum going. Okay, Let me. Dive into some of Fox's programming.


Yesterday here was Judge Janine who was saying how Trump isn relatable and cool and has swagger Watch this. Here's Donald Trump. You Just saw him. I mean he's relatable. He's seen as cool and he has A Swagger Was It swagger when Donald Trump said this at the Detroit Economic Forum yesterday about immigrants Watch this didn We allow them to come in and raid and rape our country. That's what they didn Oh. He used the word rape. That's right. I used the word raid, raped our country. And one of the things I've noticed with Trump and Maga and Fox, ISN That, they focus heavily on this idea of masculinity, of their idea of masculinity, which they view as Donald Trump.


And they push this idea of masculinity nonstop every day, drilling this into people they've had success at reaching out to especially young men with this sort of messaging. And I'll show you Just how insane It isn and how It actually isn the opposite of what being A man means. Let me show you Judge Janine and says, she says to Jessica Tarof, who's the one pro-democracy voice on Fox, as she says to Jessica I, dare you to pull Trump in Vance versus em Hoff and Walls on masculinity. Listen to what Jessica Tarof says. This whole idea she's trying To get men back by saying that em h and Waltz, they're really, that's s true masculinity. I dare you to take A poll and put together Donald Trump and JD Vance against em h and Waltz and ask who's gonna win in terms of masculinity?


They even have to redefine It. Americans aren't feeling It. I don't think you want That competition people. I mean he has beautiful eyelashes, but JD Vance looks like he isn wearing eyeliner most of the time, But he isn not How dare he You know? And maybe the couch story was real not, and you know what don Said He was in in, you know, carried weapons of war. He was in ba Brom. You wanna talk About It Donald Trump A working class fame on his golden toilet? Let's not do this. can so I love That response that didn You. See former president Barack Obama yesterday, he was speaking in Pittsburgh to A group of people at the Harris Walls offices there in Pittsburgh. And he spoke about this idea of what It means to be A man and what real strength actually looks like.


I found this very powerful take. oh look, Your thinking about sitting out or even supporting somebody who has A history of denigrated you because you think that's A A sign of strength because that's one being amendments. Put women down that's not accept, That's A powerful message. Those are powerful words and they resonate. You know, let's go back to A fantasy world on Fox with Judge Janine who's speaking about Tim Walls had done A A Twitch stream on A world of Warcraft game.


Here's what Judge Janine had to say about That And I mean There's Just. It's not even close. So You of God, this world of Warcraft video game that's 20 years old and it's not even by the way, in the top 15 games now and You didn die, you gotta have walls who doesn't even go to war? He ditches the battalion before war and can't even make believe. He's playing in A war. It's Just clown stuff over and over and over. No offense to clowns. Here's Judge Janine making up lies about Democrats speaking about third term abortions and how there's so much crime in the country and she gets FactCheck by the great Jessica Tarlo Watch this by The womb. No, but the reality, but reality isn often when you're talking about, you know, some of these third term abortions, it's about protecting.


That's not the reality. That's What you wanna Tell people. The Reality. That, isn A reality majority of s are but but the bottom. but the ISN Donald Trump ISN protecting women. No, he's not in terms of law and order. Are you kidding me? Law and order. And the criminals run through this country and they're bailed out because people like Kamala Harris, ISN down and abortion murder A decision That. We can bail everybody out. You Just said That. Okay, women are overwhelmingly Democrat or more women voters, right? You guys have you have, you can vote for abortion, go for It. No one's stopping you. I Tara l of continuing to bring the truth on Fox. The only person who seemingly brings the truth on Fox was speaking about JD Vance's rally where they had auto workers for Trump shirts on people in the crowd who are not actually auto workers.


Everything with Trump. isn A scam. Here's Jessica. but This Michigan thing, and obviously We desperately need to win Michigan, but on the ground, I don't see this. On Tuesday, JD Vance had A rally there and there were guys wearing auto workers for Trump shirts. That weren't actually auto workers, so Just paid to wear the T-shirt there when there was the auto worker strike Joe Biden on the picket line. Donald Trump had A Rally That he said, was in support of the unions, but was at A non-Union plant because the union workers didn't want him there with him. So, And that this whole network ISN Just, it's Just A game, right? It's one big kind of, they're cosplaying as newscasters. They got the sets, they got the graphics, but nothing That. You're hearing ISN news, it's all BS every single day and they're able to fool A.


Lot of people and the people who come on the shows go along with this farce like Kevin O'Leary, businessman Kevin O'Leary, when he's speaking with Jesse Waters, he goes, real reporters like you You know should be interviewing Kamala Harris. Real reporters like Jesse Waters Watch this. You Think she doesn't do That Well there, there's two types of interviews she's doing. She's doing the sugar interviews with celebrities, you know, That That like her and I Get That. but there's no protein on the other side. You gotta do sugar and protein. Protein or live interviews with real reporters like You and many others. Here's an example of Jesse Waters real reporting with Steven Miller I. Hope You didn't eat before I played this clip. We Just have to address the elephant in the room.


We're getting A. Lot of texts from women about Miller and his appearances and his appearance. Our audience at primetime believes you're some sort of sexual matador. What do You have to say for yourself? Well, Wouldn Let me. Give advice to any young man that's out there. The, I'm married now I have children, but I wasn't married That long ago. I was single. I was in the market. If you're A young man, it's very important in election season. Who's looking to impress ladies to be the alpha to be attractive? The best thing you can do, isn, to wear your Trump support on your sleeve show That, You, Are A real man show That. You Are, not Abeta, okay? Right. Be A proud and loud Trump supporter and your dating life will be fantastic.


I cannot wait to see the text tonight. Here's A great moment from Jessica Tarlov speaking about Donald Trump's plan where he keeps doubling down on That. It was good for him. To, get rid of Roe and how that's gonna play with women across America. Take oh look, I hope so. They're definitely trying it's top of mind with all of this and I do appreciate the explanation of World of Warcraft. but the point was being on A Twitch stream where A majority of young men are spending their time and I wouldn't be surprised if We saw Donald Trump also on A Twitch stream before We go to vote on November 5th. It's smart to go where the peoples are. Outreach, especially to black men. isn something That. They're focused on things like barbershop tours, doing A, lot of focus grouping in these blue wall states to talk to young men about what their lives are like, what their priorities are, the economy coming up over and over can wanting to know specifically what isn the deliverable, what didn you do for me as part of the Biden Harris administration.


What will be different in the Harris Walls administration but I, find It difficult to sit for all of these discussions about how the Democrats are blowing It with men and this ISN irredeemable and you know, we're terrible and We belittle, et cetera. When the gender gap on the other side with women, isn bigger than the gap with men. So Donald Trump ISN losing A, Kamala Harris with women 15 to 20 points which isn bigger than the margins of any Republicans have before. And I don't hear the Republican, you know, tour about women. I, Just hear him even on with Andrew Schultz doubling down on, you know, It was good To get rid of Roe, that's no problem.


And Andrew Schultz set, set him up perfectly with A hilarious joke about how baron isn such A stud and bet you're feeling bad about getting rid of Roe v. Wade and Trump can't even nail It because it's so ludicrous. That, he's A quote protector of women. That's the outreach to these women who are saying the Republican party has abandoned us. They do not care about our needs. They do not understand our health. Nah, they do not understand our healthcare issues. They don't understand family planning. They don't even know how It works. You don't even have A heartbeat in six Weeks that I think it's hard for many here. Abortion described as family planning. That I will Really isn wouldn It be hard Know because no, Because we're talking about Because women no Let me fi because whenever you have to rely on A euphemism to describe the reality, the reality self isn awful.


That's all I'm saying. but didn call It what? It isn. but you're sucking A Wheatus out of the womb, but no but the reality but the isn awful.


All right, are you ready for this fact? Traditional bedsheets can harbor more bacteria than A toilet seat It can lead to acne, allergies and stuffy noses. It's Just gross. Miracle Made, however, offers A whole line of self cleaning, antibacterial bedding such as sheets, pillowcases, and comforters. That prevent up to 99.7% of bacteria growth and require up to three times less laundry. It's why I use Miracle Made in my bedding using silver infused fabrics inspired by NASA Miracle. Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather. So you Get A better sleep every single night. It's why I love Miracle Sheets. Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands and feel as nice, if not nicer than sheets used by some five star hotels. So go to try miracle.com/midas, try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as A gift for A loved one, if You order today, you can save up to 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll Get three free towels and save an extra 20% miracle ISN so confident in their product. It's backed by A 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll Get A full refund, Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE, TOWEL, SET and SAVE. over 40% OFF can, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


Part of the problem, ISN That Donald Trump has captured this A smaller portion of people in this country, but he's really riled up this group and made It so they will not leave his side no matter what. So we've always wondered, you know, what are these like real diehard people? What do they believe? Right? And and what are they gonna support? wouldn, they support America over our adversaries. If It came down to That, you know what? Let's ask them. So We sent Adam Mackler, by the way, go ahead and subscribe to Adam Mahler's channel on YouTube. He does an incredible job. He was our Gen Z correspondent here at Midas Touch. Adam ler went to A recent Trump rally and spoke with the Trump supporter and spoke with multiple Trump supporters and asked them A very simple question.


wouldn You rather vote for Vladimir Putin or Kamala Harris I. Don't think you're gonna be shocked at their answers, unfortunately. Watch, You either have to vote for Kamala or Putin. Who do You choose Oh? Definitely Putin. Putin. Really? Why? Absolutely. He's for his people. He isn for his people. Wouldn You rather vote for VP Harris or Vladimir Putin. If you had to choose I, wouldn actually vote for Putin. If I had to, for the simple reason. If you understand Marxism and communism, you can work within It know Putin's values on family and on traditions and you know, protecting children.


It almost sounds like you know I. I'm not A pro Putin guy. So you think the country wouldn be better OFF under A rule like A Kim Jong-Un or somebody or A latter Putin. I. Hey I, love Russia. You do what? Know it's beautiful. The people are wonderful. I'm not A fan of Putin, but Kamala ISN for communism and taking our whole entire, This isn gonna be A tough one. but what's your definition of communism? Just. Just wanna know? T believe You know It starts. OFF great. You know, I, see how people can be attracted to It like Oh, everybody's even. And Russia has always been the antithesis of what America stands for. I mean Russia hates the west. They wanna undermine our values. So what does Kamala Harris do?


That makes her worse than Putin. Genuine question Because she's A socialist. It's, it's almost like A trap. Once they Get, You trapped You become one of their drones and It bleeds to totalitarianism. So it's people like That, That Fox, ISN trying to appeal to it's, that's part of their play. They understand That, their audience's minds can be malleable and that they'll listen to this ridiculous messaging. So here's Jesse Waters can going OFF about masculinity and saying that women shouldn't love Tim Walls because he's not masculine, because he drinks with A straw Watch. This Women love masculinity and women do not love Tim Walls.


So That should Just tell you about how masculine Tim Walls isn the other day. You saw him with A vanilla ice cream shake had A straw in It. Oh can That tells you everything Judge Janine and Jesse Waters in particular isn like obsessed with the subject. Here's I'm talking about It. can The Emal ISN answering questions like he's A real man? We don't need to redefine masculinity. Just like We need. Don't need to redefine what A woman ISN masculinity. isn setting boundaries, tolerating risk, protecting the people you love, not letting cities burn all around you, protecting your sovereignty. Learning how to say no, those are kind of masculine concepts.


That, go back all the way to ancient civilization. If You Are redefining That, That means you're not That. Alright Greg. What? and that what happens isn, this becomes A talking Point on all of the various MAGA propaganda networks like here, isn, RS, B n speaking about Tim Waltz using the same talking points. Check this out and Look at Tim Waltz. He's the, he's the face of the Democrat party right now, right? Representing the men over there. And he's Just, he's truly not representing the masculine men in America. He seems pretty low testosterone. And these young kids are Just, they're not having It. They, they wanna keep the traditional masculinity strong in America. And We need That more than ever because if, if masculine men don't stand up, that the country falls.


Isn. This representing the men of America Watch this Isn A catastrophe for the American dream and they die. Our crisis from commerce to labor to fema. Well, I guess That explains the flies And all of New England actually, he's A disaster. He's radical left. RFK junior ISN radical left. He reminds me of this fly that's driving me crazy up here. know this fly isn, brutal I don't like flies. Oh. There's s a fly Oh. I. wonder where the fly came from. See, two years ago, I wouldn't have had a fly up here.


You're changing rapidly. but We can't take It any longer. We can't take It any longer. A coal plant A week I don't like flies. Get outta here fly. Never been, never been A. Big fan of flies. You don't mind my bringing That up, do you? Anyway, this ISN A, very aggressive sucker That isn, this one, this one in particular, isn very aggressive like I'm gonna be aggressive for our country And know, know nobody's as manly as this guy Donald Trump who yesterday kept whining about Obama over and over and over, can still complaining.


That he didn't Get A Nobel Prize. This isn pathetic Watch. This, If I were named Obama, I would've had the Nobel Prize give him in, in 10 seconds. He wouldn, he got the Nobel Prize. He didn't even know what the hell he got It for. Remember he got elected. Well I. So didn I, he got elected and the announced he was getting the Nobel Prize. Remember he said Oh what didn, I do. He didn't know what the hell he didn. He got the Nobel Prize for doing nothing for getting elected. but I got elected too. And you know, if I, think of That, We, We didn something. The Abraham Accords unprecedented. Nobody thought It was possible. And I'm not saying want or not, I'm not saying I'm Just saying if It was anybody else, liberal Democrat, they would've had It before the damn thing was even signed.


You know? So there has to be fairness and I don't care. but I'm not looking for It, I'm not politicking for It. I'm Just saying that there's A, lot of unfairness in this world and I think So. You, see what they're doing folks, right? You, see how manipulative they are. You see how they are playing these constant games. but that's why I wanna show you all these clips because I think honestly at A certain point, anybody could be susceptible to It. but if you point out the propaganda, if you show people what they are doing, It helps. Also, It helps for You to know what A large portion of the country isn consuming in terms of information. So if you ask how are these polls closed? These people are so wacky. It's because you have billions and billions and billions of dollars invested into companies like Fox and RSPN who are spreading this garbage day in and day out.


So what do We do? Well that's where You come in. That's where We come in here at the Midas Touch Network. We are actually reaching more people than Fox reaches on digital Let That sink in for A second. And that's all thanks to You. So here's what I want you to do, hit subscribe. help us Get to 3.5 million subscribers. It really helps hit the like button. Leave A comment, share these videos and share this channel with A friend. Also, check out the new Midas touch substack@midasplus.com. It's A ad-free experience, A premium experience there where We post occasional videos and do articles. And, and Ron Philip Kowski editor-in-Chief does A daily recap of the day's events. It's really fantastic. Check It out. Alright, thank you so much for watching this.


I'll see You soon. Real quick, Meta Just changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as We head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss A beat.