
The land down under has never been easier to reach. United Airlines has more flights between the US and Australia than any other US airline. So you can fly nonstop to destinations like Sydney, Melbourne, and Brisbane. Explore dazzling cities, savor the very best of Aussie cuisine, and get up close and personal with the wildlife. Who doesn't wanna hold a koala? Go to united.com/australia to book your adventure.


Fox continues to meltdown, and that meltdown is accelerating as vice President Kamala Harris and her running mate. Governor Walls continue to gain momentum, making Donald, Trump and shady vans look so small and just yesterday's old odd news in comparison. Let's just take a look at what Fox was even doing last night and yesterday. It's so bad. Take a look at this. You have Jesse Waters, who's basically like their Tucker replacement. And so his criticism of Governor Walls is that Governor Walls is, is twitchy.


He says, as Bradley Moss commented, I can't think of someone who should be talking less about what men do than Mr. Hair and makeup himself. Here play this clip. Here's twitchy Tim on stage waving profusely in a very unsettling manner. Very unsettling. Men should not move this way. It's not the way we move. And the handshake's probably the most telling. This is Waltz and his wife shaking hands like business associates, followed by a weird hug. Now let's compare that to Waltz's interaction with Kamala's husband Doug. Interesting. What's going on here?


Wow. Then you had Laura Ingraham try to respond to the fact that there's just such momentum in places like Minnesota and Wisconsin and Laura Ingram goes, the states. It's, it's totally changed. And, and Milwaukee's changed. And Minnesota, it's all very different. Here're playing this clip. And These are just facts. Mary Catherine Ham I mean if, if you know Minnesota, and I don't, well, especially Milwaukee, it's changed. Then you have Janine Pirro, by the way, this is all just like concerted propaganda. Then you have Janine Pirro say about Governor Walls based on like a 1995 arrest. You have Janine Piro go.


He was a, he was a drunk driver. Governor Walls, he's a drunk driver here. Play this clip Finally. This is what I love about this guy. This guy is a great drunk driver. And I'll tell you why. As a drunk driver, he thought the police that were trying to pull him over, he says he thought, according to his lawyer when he was pleading guilty, that it was some guy chasing him. Okay? The guy chasing him was the cops. So what's your excuse for speeding at 96 miles an hour? Although I shouldn't talk 96 miles an hour before the guy, the trooper started chasing you and hey, Hey, Janine, judge, judge Pirro. Hard to believe that's even a thing.


Hey, Janine. You know, Donald Trump was found liable for sexual assault last year. Donald Trump was convicted on 34 separate felony counts a few months ago. His sentencing is in September. Donald Trump was found liable for fraud in a civil case and fined about $500 million in the past six months. Hey, Janine, the Trump organization was also convicted of felonies the same way. Donald Trump was individually convicted of felonies. Hey, you know, Donald Trump's on audio tape bragging about sexually assaulting women. You know, Donald Trump's on audio tape saying that the reason he started beauty pageants is so that he can inspect girls naked without their consent.


And he says, they just let you do it when you're the owner of the pageant. You know, Donald Trump's on tape talking about how he wants to sleep with this 18-year-old girl because she has mental health issues and that makes her better in bed to Donald Trump. You know, that's what he said. Donald Trump's on audio talking about having, or that what he has in common with Ivanka is sex. By the way, Ivana, Ivanka's mom is buried in moral, is buried in Bedminster, and they let all the shrubbery go grow over it. Like she's like buried in the back lot of of Bedminster. So like I is, is that where we wanna go? I mean? That is why, though, by the way.


And let me just play you this clip, then I'll show you more of Fox the Meltdown. It's why what Governor Walls said resonates so strongly with me. It's that these mags and their propaganda networks, they want to take away our joy. They wanna take away our smiles. They want to take away our happiness, and they want to pit American against American so that their billionaire class and their deca millionaires can benefit trying to cause fights and division. But we're we're wise to their scam and their stunts. But let me show you what Governor Walls said yesterday. Play this clip. This is what we know. All the things that wake me mad about those other guys and all the things they do wrong.


The one thing that I will not forgive them for is they're try to steal the joy from this country. They try and steal the joy. But you know what? You know what our next president brings? The joy she emanates. The joy


Support for today's episode comes from hex clad revolutionize, your cooking experience with hex clad cookware, where innovation meets culinary excellence. Hex cla cookware is designed to simplify your time in the kitchen while adding a touch of elegance to every meal. Hex clad has changed the cookware industry with an all-in-one hybrid pan that gives you the convenience and cleanup of non-stick. The versatility of your grandma's cast iron and the durability to last a lifetime. Seriously hex CCL Cookware has a lifetime warranty. Even the great Gordon Ramsey known to many as a bit of a critic only trusts hex cloud pots and pans in both his home and all of his Michelin star restaurants. It's good enough for Gordon. We think that you'll be satisfied too. And for a limited time, hex clad is giving our listeners 10% off your order with our exclusive link. Just go to hex cla.com/midas, support our show and check them out at HEX cl ad.com/midas. M-E-I-D-A-S. I've been using hex clade in my kitchen. And let me tell you, it's an absolute game changer compared to my old pots and pans. Hex is on a whole different level. They look fantastic, perform incredibly well, and cleanup is a breeze. The six piece set is the perfect starter bundle featuring three of their most popular pans with accompanying lids. Whether I'm searing steaks or making delicious sauces, hex CLA delivers exceptional performance on any stove top. My kitchen will never be the same. No more sticking, burning, or uneven cooking. Hex cloud's patented laser etched hexagonal steel ridges. Boost your searing power and truly check every box. They're metal, utensil safe, dishwasher safe, and oven safe up to 500 degrees, they're induction ready and even have a stay cool handle. So you could saute with ease, hex cloud's, elegant design and durable construction. Make it the perfect choice for entertaining all summer long. Impress your guests with beautifully prepared dishes that look as good as they taste for a limited time. Our listeners get 10% off your order with our exclusive link. Just head to hex clad.com/midas, support our show and check them out. Once again, that's H-E-X-C-A d.com/midas. M-E-I-D-A-S, Bon appetit. Let's eat with Hex clads revolutionary cookware. Elevate your cooking game to new heights with hex clad,


by The way, on Fox, the one pro democracy voice. Jessica Tarla was not messing around yesterday. Here's what she tried to say or she said, as the other Fox host, were trying to do like a swift boat on Governor Walls, who served with distinction for 24 years, the highest ranking member of Congress, or the highest ranking military role in Congress. And yet Donald, Trump and Shady V are trying to swift vote. The guy Donald trump's Mr. Bone. Spurs over here, here, play this clip. Harass Me. I'm telling you, he said that people who had gotten captured the suckers and losers doesn't wanna go and be seen next to people.


He denied that. Oh, he's denied everything. He denied his stuff with Stormy Daniels, but that obviously hasn't worked out for him. And here is Greg Gutfeld trying to talk from Fox, trying to say that they reject their crazies. Watch what Jessica Tara love does play it. And You know, we, we, we reject our crazies. It's time for you guys to reject him. Okay? Gimme a crazy person. I'll reject him. Donald Trump. See, that's your problem. He's not crazy. That's problem. That's your problem. It's exactly the problem. We're giving you An opportunity. You think that you think that The great metric was up when he was president. Oh, okay. There's nothing that he, And of course now Fox is whining that the polls are rigged, that the polls are being juiced.


It's more of just the whining, the complaining, this loser mentality of just stop whining and just are, are you even gonna do reporting or is it just gonna be whining all the time and spreading more lies like you did in 2020? Play the clip Glowing endorsement. So this is just another hoax waltz, and the media's just gonna protect and elect this guy. And they're juicing the polls. I just found out this country identifies r plus two and all the polls we've been seeing with Kamala doing so well, their samples, r plus seven, R plus eight, R plus four. These are fake polls.


Trump's gonna kill her. Another great moment between Jessica Tarlov and Jesse Waters play this clip. Not Blame me. I mean I I'm just saying Tim Walls called in the National Guard before Over the tampons. May 30th, No, May 30th, May, May 28th, more than seven hours before Trump has to do. There is audio up Right now of Donald Trump on the phone with Tim Walls praising him as well as Secretary of State, secretary of Defense, I should say Mark Esper, who wrote in his book about what a good job Tim Walls did with that. Then why is the city a crisp? Why is the city burned down? It, it's still, if we did such a great job, I love that You most dangerous city. We gotta go contrary. We didn't even get to Governor Walter's butter sculptures in this segment.


I know. Well, Jessica Tarlo talking about how for 24 years Governor Walls served admirably and you're going there when you have Mr. Bone Spurs Donald Trump play this clip. Oh, I'm gonna go stolen Valor first. Yes. So obviously this was going to come up because the Trump campaign manager was the one behind the John Kerry Swift vote attack, which was obviously very persuasive to people. He served for 24 years honorably. Then he stopped to run for Congress on a platform of ending the war. And I don't think that anyone, especially with Donald Trump at the top of the ticket, did he judge the draft five times, four or five times. Bone spurs, captain Bone spurs. What, what say you judge Bone Spurs are a very serious issue, Jessica.


'cause how, by the way, the Bone Spur Association That you know that they're Not serious. Send your letters. Yeah, but you know what? Here's Jessica Tarlo saying, okay, you, you wanna, you really wanna do this tit for tat? Play the clip. I don't think that you should ever say that anyone who served didn't do a good job in this. If JD Vance wants to get into that tit for tat he wasn't the public affairs department. It's just a fact of all of this. I don't think he should be going there with Tim Walls. I think that everyone who has served, He was in a war zone. He was in Iraq walking around with a, yeah, he was in a Iraq. Oh, he was a reporter. He was in a Iraq. Okay. Okay. Now. he was in the Marines. Okay. And this guy left. I got, he's a big man, Katie van. His units, listen, it doesn't matter what I think his unit, it does matter, thinks he's a coward, his unit. That's not true.


He's a And this has come up way past elections. Okay, Here's Donald Trump's communications director saying, Coto play this clip. And Kamala Harris continues to CTO to the far left pro Hamas sympathizers in this great country. This was when Fox cut to the weird Shady Vans press conference. So Shady Vance has basically been stalking Vice President, Kamala Harris. So Shady Vance takes the Trump plane and flies around wherever Kamala Harris goes and like follows her. And then he tried to go on and inspect her plane, which is just super creepy. And then he held Shady Vance held a press conference, and he was asked by a reporter, and this is when Fox cut to it.


Like, so do you, like ever, I don't know, like smile and like laugh or play this clip A little bit different here. You've been criticized as being a little too serious, can angry sometimes. What makes you smile? What makes you happy? Well, I, I smile a at a lot of things, including bogus questions from the media. Man. I mean, look, I think if you watch, if you watch a full speech that I give, I actually, I'm having a good time out here and I'm enjoying this. But look, sometimes you gotta take the good with the bad. And Right, now I am angry. Can we just show you though how it's done? This is Ben Winkler chair of the Wisconsin Democratic Party. Great. Here's what he had to say on CNN Play this clip.


Well, we have to expect a, a vicious constant string of utterly dishonest hogwash attacks. The reality is that Trump candidate bone Spurs, who escaped his own service and then described avoiding sexually transmitted diseases as his personal Vietnam. This is someone who was in a glass house trying to throw stones through the wall at the same time. Tim Walls served for 24 years and then he was elected to Congress in 2006 and has been a champion for veterans and for the armed services Vice President Harris worked with President Biden to pass the Pact Act, the biggest increase in support for veterans benefits in decades in our country.


And we know Vice President Harris, when she was a prosecutor and, and the, and then Attorney General and district attorney, she put transnational criminals, gangs, human traffickers in jail. She has been a, a dynamite champion of safety the same way Governor Walls funded law enforcement. He funded public safety and first responders. And did that work even after Trump during his administration led to a huge spike in crime rates that has finally started to come down under Biden and Harris. So there's really a strong argument for safety for the Harris Harris and against Trump, Vince, that I think Trump and Vince are hoping to try to avoid by throwing these kinds of attacks.


By the way, there's audio for this stuff. Like here's Donald Trump making the Vietnam comment, comment, play this Clip. You got him say to a woman, Hey, listen, you gotta go to my personal doctor and I'm gonna have you checked out. Is that a tough thing to say to a woman or you just got the balls to say it? You know, I'll tell you, it's amazing. I can't even believe it. I've been so lucky, right? In terms of that whole world, because Dangerous, you've never gotten a social disease. It it is a dangerous world out there. It is. It's ob scary. It's like Vietnam sort of like, you know, the Vietnam Era. It it is your personal Vietnam, isn't it? It is my personal it. You've said that many times. I feel like A great and very brave soldier. A Lot of guys who went through Vietnam came out unscathed. A lot of guys who've gone through the eighties having sex with different women came out with AIDS and all kinds of things, right? They, they survived Vietnam and they got, This is better than Vietnam. And here's Donald Trump, you know, attacking the late great McCain for McCain service play this clip.


He Hit me. He's not a war hero. He's a war hero. He is a war hero. Five and a half years. He's a war hero. 'cause he was captured. I like people that weren't captured. Okay, I hate to tell you. Do you warrior agree With that? Here is George Conway on M-S-N-B-C play the clip. Think of you every time I see these beyond capacity crowds for Kamala Harris and now Kamala Harris and Tim Walls. What do you imagine the Trump version of ketchup on the wall is when he sees these images compared to his crowds? Oh, I have no idea I mean, he's, he's, we'll probably find out at two o'clock in the morning if we're still up monitoring truth.


Social I mean he can't be liking this. This is, this is his, this is his idea that that that that crowd size matters all. And it's all about his ego from his standpoint and Now. he can't fill the very same venues that Kamala Harris has been filling. One in Atlanta, the one yesterday at Temple University in Philadelphia. I mean when you contrast the enthusiasm and the people filled to the rafters in at, at Kamala Harris' rallies as opposed to Donald Trump's I mean, it's quite a comparison. And I think it really just shows, IIII think there's just the, the, the Harris campaign is a breath of fresh air. And I think that Professor Glau is right.


That, that what he just said a few minutes ago about there's gonna be a coalition of, of the decent, there's a coalition of the decent, also a coalition of the normal and what we're seeing from JD Vance's not normal and not decent. And here on MTN is Congress member Jared Moscowitz with me, play this clip. No, I like that I mean. Look, on the one hand you have Donald Trump and Shady Vance on the defensive you have vice President Kamala Harris Right now, and Governor Walls filling up stadiums getting into Donald Trump's head. My crowd is bigger. It's bigger. What? Let, let, let's go through that. The, the, the the couch thing though, I mean you're the master of sarcasm.


What, what do you make about that Sir? I mean shady vs. So I call him Shady Vance. He has posted some very strange stuff though over the, you know, over the years, you know, and three or four months ago he posted a photo of like a dolphin and a woman and it showed what his Google search was and I mean, again, it's just like, as you said, you don't have, You don't have s you don't have purposes in your Google search. I mean Like what does a por wear? These are the things JD Vance wants to know. Look, I think what you showed at the oversight committee is to what you said before, when you go on the offense and you start calling these people out, they're the biggest snowflakes right away. Huh? Don't, don't know how, they don't know how to deal with it.


I mean JD Vance is losing it over this couch stuff. And by the way, over the weird moniker that Tim Waltz also came up with, I mean, again, look, the Republicans have been a little bit better with these nicknames and you know, we can make fun of them, but sometimes they work because it breaks through that media cycle. It gets through the 24 hour news and it sticks with people. I mean Tim Walls calling them weird is a thing. And it's working and you know how it's working because Republicans are talking about it and defending it. No, you're weird. No, you're weird. Right? It's bothering them. And so, look, I a kid in the nineties, so was JD Vance I mean? I grew up, you know, looking at Kathy Ireland and you know, thinking about, oh my God, you know, she was like the supermodel of our time.


I mean JD obviously was thinking about Cherry from the Peewee Herman Show. Let let me speaking of speak, that's how it's done. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Have a great one. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.