
What's new from Apple? There's the new iPhone 16 Pro built for Apple intelligence, and it comes with the all new camera control, giving you an easier way to quickly access your camera tools. The new Apple Watch series 10 has our biggest display in our thinnest design ever. And this, it's the sound of active noise cancellation now available on one of two new AirPods four models. So quiet, check out all of the new products and new features@apple.com. You can even buy yourself something new. See apple.com for product availability updates. Apple Intelligence coming this fall.


Tuesday's debate where Vice President Kamala Harris destroyed Donald Trump quite literally broke Fox during Hannity's broadcast last night. It broke it shut off as he was trying to do his propaganda routine for Donald Trump. Here, watch this. Kamala wants to decriminalize, provide free housing, healthcare education. Now taxpayer funded And throughout the day it wasn't much better than that.


You had Fox hosts just humiliating themselves and digging the hole deeper. You know, the law of holes, just stop digging here you have Janine Pirro on Fox attack, Taylor Swift play the clip. But The other thing about all this is what makes you think that the way you think should influence other people? You sing for a living, just deal with that. Then you had JD Vance go on Fox to attack Taylor Swift, although it sounded like he was talking about Donald Trump more on that in a little bit. Play that clip. How do you speak to women voters who obviously they, they care about what she thinks?


Of course. Well, look, we, we admire Taylor Swift's music, but I don't think most Americans, whether they like her music or fans of hers or not, are gonna be influenced by a billionaire celebrity who I think is fundamentally disconnected from the interests and, and, and the problems of most Americans. Look, when Throughout the day it was just a cope session for Fox. It was like they were trying to give themselves some therapy here you had in the morning Fox hosts saying that what this was was just a polished package of lie after lie by Vice President Kamala Harris. I mean, this is the stuff that they were feeding their viewers when Donald Trump just did horribly because he's a horrible candidate and a horrible person here play this clip.


I Have to say that the cronyism occurring between the A BC moderators and the Democrat Party was on full display last night. It did no American any favors and it certainly did not do former President Donald Trump any type of neutral or respectful platform. I will say however, that it's unsurprising. And the unfortunate aspect of it was the lost opportunities and the missed opportunities on the president's part to step in that gap to unfortunately lift the weight that we can't depend on the media and the moderators to do. And what I saw last night was a very polished package of lies on one hand and then a more emphatic earnest delivery of the truth on the other.


And at the end of the day, if you are voting on personalities, then that might have moved the needle needle a certain bit. But if you are voting on policies, and I pray to God every American is, then I hope that you look beneath the v veneer of someone who memorized scripts and someone who is coached perfectly in someone who absorbed somehow a lot of information that we haven't ever seen coming out of their mouth for quite some time or ever that you can look beyond that to see what would actually happen upon a vote that leads one of them to be in the commander in chief's seat. Because at the end of the day, that is what terrified me, that people will be swayed by the Polish, aided by the a, b, C moderators. And They're already voting, they're Already Some battle around states That is right, Pennsylvania.


And if you're illegal, you're voting a million times too. So yeah, Look, I If Kayleigh McEnany on the morning show was like a, BC had AdChoices and it lost all credibility here play this clip. So, you know, last night a b, C had AdChoices, they could be credible, solid, probing, fair debate moderators, or they could be partisan activist and they chose the latter and The cope continued throughout the day. You had Jesse Waters on and Jesse Waters said, everybody at the end of the day just knows where Donald Trump stands here, play this clip. Everybody knows at the end of this debate what Donald Trump stands for.


Even people who don't follow politics, they know, he Then Jesse Waters talks about what makes Donald Trump so emotional at debates, play this clip, But what makes him so emotional at these debates And so volatile is also a characteristic that makes him able to withstand getting his home rated. Sure, being called a Nazi for five years, being arrested, being put in a cold courtroom, being shot, being shot, shot being shot, and standing up, fight, fight, fight. So yes, you can have a perfect candidate that acts like Mitt Romney with great hair and discipline and perfect talking points and elocution, but he's not gonna be able to withstand the avalanche of attacks, dirty tricks that Donald Trump has.


Just look at the Chiron here in Jesse Waters, it says, nobody's perfect. Then Kayleigh Kayleigh McEnany then went on from spewing those lies on the morning show. She went on Jesse Waters later in the day and she said that David Muir and Rachel Lindsey is not a journalist. So it seems that she combined Rachel Scott and Lindsay Davis, both of whom are black journalists who work for a, B, C and just mix their names here, play this clip. It's last night David Muir, not a journalist, Rachel Lindsay, not a journalist, you are a left-wing activist. Trump was fighting three against one. Did he make every pivot perfectly? No. There are things he can learn.


There are things he can do better next time. Jesse Waters then says, look, Donald Trump's 78 years old, we can't expect him to change. This is who he is. Play this clip. See, I think we should all stop saying Donald Trump should have done this and that he's Donald Trump, he does what he does. He's 78. You can't expect a man to change that much. But What then, one of the panelists on this, on the show, the five on Fox, calls out Janine Pirro and says, if, if you think these things are true, why did Donald Trump say it here, play the clip. And she's telling every woman in this country that she's a woman. But at the end of the day, women and children are suffering as a result of her border of policy. Harold, what does it matter that they're trans.


Why? Why didn't he say any of them? I'm gonna come up. Why didn't the president say Anything that you said I don dunno. Ask him. Right? So I I get it. You agree with me then? No, I, but I it Would've been, you do agree with me, Carol? It would've been, I think it would've been a more effective debating per he would've had a more effective debate performance had he done these things. It's not, Then Janine Pirro is apparently very upset that had Fox for the last three and a half years. They've been telling the wrong lies about vice President Kamala Harris hat tip to poli sci for pointing this out. Play this clip. Alright, you know what, Dana, for the past three and a half years we've talked about our word salads, we've talked about the people who have left her office. We've talked about the resets, we've talked about, you know, did we lower the bar so that when she came across as articulate, everybody's like, she should run to be president.


Well, The night before the debate on this show, Jesse said, wait, you guys, she's going, we, we are lowering the bar too much. She's gonna do great. And I remember you said like, she'll be prepared. And Then Jesse Waters talks about how while Donald Trump was on the defensive, no one really cares about that play. This clip. Yes, she had Trump on the defensive a lot of the time. Yes, Trump snapped a couple times, but that's not what the regular voter cares about. That Jesse Waters claims that there was actually no signature moments from the debate. Yep. That's all he needed to do. And the the s signature moments that you see on the internet after this, she didn't have any, she didn't have any.


Trump had 'em all. And that's what's gonna reverberate. I mean there's lots of signature moments going viral. The whole world is laughing at Donald Trump. Not only did Donald Trump lose the world is laughing at him, here are just some, here's a viral clip of people watching laughing at him. Play it, Talk about it because they're so embarrassed by it. It is Springfield, they're eating the dogs. This is what was going on across America. Here's another one. Play it. Get this. No, get this.


And the president at the time invited the Taliban to catch David a place of storied significance for us as Americans. A place where we honor the importance of American diplomacy, where we invite and receive respected world leaders. And this former president appreciate and responsibility of the presence of the United States to be commander in chief with a level of respect.


And this gets back to the point of how he has consistently disparaged and demeaned members of our military foreign soldiers and the work that we must do to uphold the strength for the respect of the United States around the world. Vice President, thank you President Trump. Your response to her Saying, and then you had Janine Piro go, who the hell do they think they are for fact checking Donald Trump play it. And you know, I gotta say one more thing. Who the hell do they think they are? Fact checking.


Alright, are you ready for this fact? Traditional bedsheets can harbor more bacteria than a toilet seat. It can lead to acne, allergies and stuffy noses. It's just gross. Miracle Made however, offers a whole line of self-cleaning, antibacterial bedding, such as sheets, pillowcases, and comforters that prevent up to 99.7% of bacteria growth and require up to three times less laundry. It's why I use Miracle Made of my bedding using silver infused fabrics inspired by NASA Miracle. Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get a better sleep every single night. It's why I love Miracle Sheets. Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands and feel as nice, if not nicer than sheets used by some five star hotels. So go to try miracle.com/midas, try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save up to 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed by a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE, TOWEL, SET and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


Look, Donald Trump lied and claimed that Democrats are executing babies. Democrats are not executing babies. He goes, there's abortions at nine months and when the baby's born, they kill the babies. The moderator said, no, that's not true. That's not what's happening. And the other time the moderators fact check Donald Trump is when He said that there are Haitian migrants in Springfield, Ohio, thousands who are running around eating dogs and cats. And all the moderators said is that's, that's not true. Those are like the only times that there was like a fact check at all taking place. And you had MAGA Republican Senator Cornyn go on Fox and here's what happened.


Play the clip. You know, it's interesting too on that point, Senator, whether she had a, a good night or Donald Trump had a bad one, even the normal conservative friendly Wall Street Journal editorialize today that she won the debate because she came in with a strategy to taunt and go Mr. Trump into diving down rabbit holes of personal grievance and vanity that left her policies and history largely untouched. What they seem to be saying is that he always takes the bait and Ms. Harris set the trap. What do you think of that? Well, I mean, these debates are kind of an artificial construct. You have two minutes to talk and basically what she did is attack, attack, attack and try to put President Trump on the defensive.


So it wasn't exactly A, but he did so well, he did so well in the opposite way against Joe Biden, that that guy was absolutely sharp as attack and ready with answers. But he wasn't here. What do you think happened? Absolutely. Well, she was loaded for bear. There's no question about it, but I don't think that she persuaded any, any Trump voters to vote for her. And I don't think President Trump persuaded any Harris voters to vote for him. So I think it was pretty much of a stalemate myself. There's another part of that interview. Let's play it. You know, debates, you, you're quite right to your point, Senator, they don't often move the needle, but if they're one and done, they can. Of course we remember famously Jimmy Carter's won and only debate with Ronald Reagan.


The, the one thing without playing bites from that, sir, is the fact that it gave the American people a chance to see Ronald Reagan was portrayed as a sort of a reckless cowboy with little experience, saved the fact he was a two term governor California, but that he wasn't really up to the job. And that debate down to the line, there you go again, seemed to kind of calm Americans fears and off he went. Do you think in reverse this could have done the same for Kamala Harris? Well, I think she, she made some points and president, she attacked President Trump relentlessly, which Kat put him in a position of responding. You're never winning when you're responding, only when you're on the offense.


And so from that standpoint, you know, she, she had a pretty good night, but I don't believe it's gonna change, move the needle in terms of votes. And I do think in the next six, eight weeks, almost full eight weeks, that she will be exposed for what she is, which is a pretty radical individual who's been Donald Trump, then goes on Fox an impromptu press conference and starts whining and says, we won the debate. All the polls say we won, play it. And no, we're looking at it. But you know, when you win you don't really necessarily have to do it a second time. So we'll see. But we had a, I thought we had a great debate last time. Thank you very much everybody.


What Would need to change for you to agree to a second debate? Would you want different rules? Would you want a different format? Well, you know, when you, when you don't win, it's like a fighter. When a fighter is a bad fight, gets knocked out or loses the fight, the first thing he says is, we want a rematch. So we won the debate according to every poll. Every single poll. I think that, are we gonna do a rematch? I just don't know. We'll think about it. Would You still do the one on NBC on September 25th? You you'd propose that? Are You still committed to that? Yeah, I would. I would do NBC, I do Fox too. I do Fox two, but right now we have to determine whether or not we even want to do, we had a great night last night and you see by the Paul numbers who was really fantastic, thank you very much.


Everybody You see here why he picked JD Vans who goes on Fox and says, I think Trump had a great night here, play this clip. You think there should be another debate? I think it's ultimately up to the president. I do think the president had a very good night, and I know the pundits are trying to tell this story that Kamala Harris knocked him off his game or got under his skin. But If you, Kaylee McEnany again attacking Vice President Kamala Harris for practicing facial expressions, play the clip. She did practice her facial expressions maybe more than her policy points because these seem to be very rehearsed. Harris, I mean, we'll put some of them up, like the hand on the chin seem to be practiced Well, I mean they, they wanted her, I would imagine her debate prep team to look more comfortable than sometimes she comes across looking with the giggling and, and the, the weird accents and all the, Here one of the Fox hosts talks about how she attacks the journalists, David bor the, the, the panelist and, and says, I wish so much they had done service, a service for America and they screwed up here.


Play this clip, Emily. So one of those was an opinion commentator, but several of those were journalists. I mean, hold it in a little bit guys, you can disguise it just a bit. Look, as I said earlier, it is so unsurprising and yet equally disheartening because I think Americans do better for those who are earnestly watching the debate and to depend on journalists to deliver objective facts, to deliver the news. I wish so much that they had done the service to those Americans and said, look, let's talk about fact checking. Let's talk about what was stated on stage and let's talk about what that means to you Americans. Let's talk about the policies and instead they get that. But look, this is someone who has as well, has wielded any type of criticism of policies and said it's misogynistic and racist. But now somehow in triumph that's been wielded to this is spanking.


I mean, I think it's frankly unbecoming the office that they're both trying to occupy. And I hope and pray that again, our fellow Americans vote based on policy and not on personality. Jason Donald Trump then starts attacking Fox. He attacks Neil Cavuto. He goes, Neil Cavuto Fox's lowest rated anchor is one of the worst on television. I actually prefer the losers at CNN and M-S-D-N-C, Donald Trump just behaving like a baby. And what happened was is that Neil Cavuto had RFK junior on and RFK junior's, like yeah, it was not a great performance by Donald Trump here play this clip. She's been very skillfully kind of hidden and she has not done an interview. And this was really an ideal forum for her because there are these 92nd soundbites and you don't really go into the next level.


And I, I think that, that she's very vulnerable in a, in a like a long form interview that she'd do on a podcast or on a program like this. I think this is the ideal forum for her to display, you know, her kind of skills. And I think she did that very well. And I think President Trump did not tell his story, which is a, a very, very good story about his presidency. And I I think that he didn't convey that as well as he could. And hear RFK Jr says that. Yeah, I think the polls that Donald Trump are talking about are like online polls. They're not really statistically significant here.


Play the clip, He says, and it's commented a couple of times today that he, he won the debate and all the polls show that he won the debate. I haven't seen a single one to show that. What did you think of that reaction? Well, well I have seen those polls. You know, they're not, they're they're polls that you see on, you know, on the, on the internet and, and a lot of them probably have, have statistical problems with them. Right? But I more on Fox right here, they had a, a guest on talking about how a BC should get a D minus for how their moderators had the moderators were fine.


Play the clip. Howie Kurtz live in Washington for us. So Howie, how do you grade a, b, c on this debate, Sandra, A BC gets a D minus and that's being generous. In fact, the network's moderators were so blatantly biased against Donald Trump that if vindicated his pregame criticism of a, b, C as dishonest. Now Putting it, then you saw JD Vance before when he was trying to attack Taylor Swift. It sounded like he was attacking Donald Trump. So we had a little fun at the Midas Touch Network and we made this doozy play it. But don don't think most Americans are gonna be influenced by a billionaire celebrity who I think is fundamentally disconnected from the interests and, and, and the problems of most Americans.


I think if you watch the debate, you're sitting at home, you're an undecided voter, what you saw as a person who repeats slogans, we're gonna make America Great again. Again, drill, baby Drill instead of respecting you enough to treat you like an adult. I just don't understand a person in American politics in 2024 who's whining about what happened to them instead of using their leadership and using their influence to make the lives of American citizens better. And we Would've had a deal if the election weren't rigged and stolen. I'd like to know how you were prepping for a debate with Tim Waltz, who has described himself as a bad debater. Who's helping you and how are you prepping? Well, I found a good friend from back home who embellishes and lies a lot. And I'm having him stand in for Tim Waltz.


People Don't leave my rallies. We have the biggest rallies, the most incredible rallies in the history of politics. And we're not gonna reward people who gaslight us and lie to us about what they've done in office. We were hit with the Covid came in, we focused on that. We did a great job. Well, Thanks for watching. Hit Subscribe. We get to 4 million subscribers together. Have a wonderful day. Real quick, meta just changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.