
Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions. Apply. See terms and conditions@klm.com.


I'm ready for my life to Change a, b, C tonight. American Idol returns. Give it your all. Good luck. Hung up the golden ticket. Let's hear it. This is man's world. I've never seen anything like it. And a new chapter begins going Hollywood. Carrie Underwood joins Lionel Ritchie, Luke Bryan and Ryan Seacrest on American Idol. Season premiere tonight, eight seven Central on A, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com Cancel anytime terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


For a limited time, you can get KFC chicken with the sweet heat of hot honey. And after one bite, you'll wonder how do bees make hot honey so hot? Are they special bees? Does KFC have dragon bees fire breathing dragon bees that create spicy honey? No silly, there's no such thing. KFC just partnered with Mike's hot honey to drizzle all over their crispy chicken, but Dragon Bees would be so cool. Try it now for only $7 or share a box with friends for 25 prices and participation very well. Supplies last, taxes, tips and fees. Extra


European leaders are meeting in Brussels today to forge a new military alliance and a new military relationship. Likely that does not involve the United States of America. As the Trump regime has pulled the United States of America into an access of evil with Vladimir Putin of Russia and Kim Jong-un of North Korea, as well as Hungary and Belarus voting against our NATO allies attacking our allies like Canada and Mexico. It is utterly despicable. But French president Emmanuel Macron delivered an incredible speech to the people of France yesterday where he talked about the new way forward.


Let me share with you what French president Emmanuel Macron said here, play this clip. The Future of Europe does not have to be decided in Washington or Moscow. And yes, the threat is coming back from the east and the innocence in a way of the last 30 years since the fall of the Berlin Wall is now over in Brussels. Tomorrow during the Extraordinary Council that will bring together the 27 heads of state and government with the commission and the president of the council, we will take decisive steps. Several decisions will be made that France has been proposing for several years. Member states will be able to increase their military spending without this being counted in their deficit.


Massive joint funding will be decided to buy and produce on European soil, ammunition, tanks, weapons, and some of the most innovative equipment. I have asked the government to be mobilized so that on the one hand it strengthens our armies as quickly as possible. And on the other hand, it's speeds up reindustrialization in all our regions. I will bring together with the relevant ministers, the industry leaders in the sector in the coming days, the Europe of defense, which we have been advocating for eight years, is therefore becoming a reality. Powerful words right there. We had that, of course translated from French using AI into English for our English speaking audience to our French speaking audience.


I apologize for that. I'm sure you would want to hear it in its original. I just am trying to spread this video as far and wide as I can. Let me show you this other clip from this address to the nation by French President Emanuel Macron. You can see how seriously they are taking the ultimate betrayal by Donald Trump and how seriously they're taking that in Europe to get zelinsky back here, play this clip. The war in Ukraine has now lasted for over three years. From the first day we decided to support Ukraine and sanction Russia, and we did well because it is not only the Ukrainian people who are bravely fighting for their freedom, but also our own security that is threatened.


Indeed. If a country can invade its neighbor in Europe with impunity, then no one can be sure of anything anymore, and it's the law of the strongest that applies. And peace can no longer be guaranteed on our continent itself. History has taught us this. Beyond Ukraine, the Russian threat is there and affects European countries, affects us. Russia has already made the Ukrainian conflict a global conflict. It has mobilized North Korean soldiers on our continent, Iranian equipment, while helping these countries to arm themselves further. Under President Putin. Russia violates our borders to assassinate opponents manipulates elections in Romania and Moldova.


It organizes cyber attacks against our hospitals to disrupt their functioning. Russia tries to manipulate our opinions with lies spread on social media and fundamentally it tests our limits. It does this in the air, at sea, in space and behind our screens. This aggressiveness seems to know no boundaries, and Russia at the same time continues to re-arm itself spending more than 40% of its budget for this purpose. By the year 2030, it plans to further increase its army with 300,000 additional soldiers, 3000 tanks, 300 more fighter jets who can believe in this context that it can rely on the support of parliament that today's Russia will stop at Ukraine, Russia has become, as I speak to you now and for the years to come, a threat to France and to Europe.


I deeply regret this and I'm convinced that in the long term peace will be achieved on our continent with a Russia that has become calm and peaceful again. But the situation I'm describing to you is like this and we must deal with it. You know, another notable speech that I I've seen that just has recently gone viral is a French senator by the name of Claude Mallette. And let me show you what he says. He calls Elon Muskie, ketamine jester. He refers to him as, and he talks about how Trump and Musk have brought the United States into the depths of depravity into an alliance with Putin and North Korea, and that America can no longer be relied upon with respect to anything at all.


These were powerful words. We translated it as well using the AI software so you can hear it. Let's play this clip right here. And Ince emperor submissive cortier and adjuster on Ketamine tasked with the purging of the civil service. It is a tragedy for the free world, but it is first a tragedy for the United States. Trump's message is that there's no point in being his ally since he won't defend you and he'll impose more tariffs on you than on his enemies. And he will threaten to seize your territories while supporting the dictatorships that invade you. The king of the deal is demonstrating what the art of the deal on banded knee is.


He thinks he will intimidate China by bowing to Putin, but Xi Jinping in the face of such a collapse is undoubtedly accelerating preparations for the invasion of Taiwan. Never in history as a president of the United States surrendered to the enemy, never has any supported an aggressor against an ally. Never has any trampled on the American constitution issued so many decrees. Now, I'm sure by now you are aware that the United States has cut off all aid to Ukraine. That's a major benefit to Vladimir Putin, a slap in the face to our NATO allies, a slap in the face to the people of Ukraine.


Something I want to point out though that was perhaps equally, if not even more dastardly by Donald Trump delivering a major win to Vladimir Putin, is that the United States stopped sharing any and all intelligence with Ukraine over the past 24 to 48 hours. So the United States was still providing logistical support to Ukraine with respect to targets both offensive and defensive to help with the high Mars, for example, and the weapon systems to help Ukrainians know about the drone swarms that are coming in to have access to our sophisticated satellite systems here.


So the United States cut that off, all of that intelligence to basically leave Ukraine on its own. Russia has been exploiting that. Putin has been exploiting that. And Trump's basically given the green light for Putin to go and launch attacks that in the past, Ukraine would be able to defend itself with. So the cruelty there is something that I think is worth pointing out because we hear a lot on the news and we've been reporting on it too, about the aid, military aid being cut off, but it's the intelligence as well that I think is, is even more of an fu to our NATO allies and to Ukraine.


A new poll out of France, by the way, shows that 73% of people in France no longer even consider the United States of America an ally anymore. I've showed you polling that's very similar in Canada, where I think it was only, you know, 25, 30% that actually views the US positively in Canada. And we're seeing this across Europe in our, in our former allies. I mean, I, I wish they were still our allies, but how could they ally with us when Donald Trump is making alliances with Putin and saying all of these nice things about Putin. Now, Meanwhile, what else is happening geopolitically?


Well, you have Pete Heif, defense secretary, who was a Fox News host who should never have been a defense secretary. So he's making major cuts to the American military budget. Now, I actually believe there probably should be cuts to military spending, but Donald Trump's threatening wars with everybody. Now is not the time for those cuts. My views, there should be a lot more priorities spent on healthcare, on education, on, on providing resources to people, supporting our veterans, helping people get better jobs.


I mean, that's where I, you know, the Republicans believe that that money should go to the billionaires, make them even more billionaires and make them even richer. But we have our defense secretary cutting our military budget while picking wars with people. You see what they're doing? Like who does this benefit? It benefits Putin. So as Hsif American Secretary of Defense says, we're lowering it about seven to 8% per year. So then there that on the aggregate keeps on increasing well in China after the United States is, you know, declaring this trade war on China. China goes, if war is what the US wants, be it a tariff war, a trade war, or any other type of war, we are ready to fight until the end.


That's the official message from China's embassy to the United States. Now, Donald Trump also showing other, you know, showing world leaders how people like Secretary of State Marco Rubio is really just a, a neutered little nobody Trump. Did you see the moment in the State of the Union where Trump mocked Marco Rubio? Here play this clip. We have Marco Rubio in charge. Good luck, Marco. Now we know who to blame if anything goes wrong. Oh, Marco's been amazing. Yep, that's me.


You're probably wondering how I ended up in this situation.


March Madness is a sacred time of yelling at the TV while recovering from elective surgery. If you like, thousands of other men are overlapping in vasectomy recovery with nonstop basketball. I dunno what you guys are into these days, but get a bidet. You're gonna need a gentle touch in the bathroom. That's where Tushy comes in. Listen, when I went on vacation to Japan, they had bidets everywhere. And when I came back home, I knew that there was no going back. I've been using a Tushy bidet and it's been a game changer. Installation took me about 10 minutes and if I could do it that quickly, I promise you can too. It looks sleek, fits perfectly in my bathroom. And the difference in cleanliness compared to toilet paper, not even close, it's way better, way cleaner. And honestly, why did I wait this long to get this in my home? And If you really wanna step up your bathroom game, check out the aura by Tushy, that's their luxury bidet with an auto open lid, instant warm water, and even UV sterilization. Nope, extra plumbing needed. Just next level hygiene. So reclaim your comfort zone in the bathroom for a limited time. Our listeners get 10% off their first bide order when you use code Midas at checkout. And that's 10% OFF your first bidet order at hello tushi.com with promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S.


And then finally, another message about just the Idiocracy, the lack of attention to details, the stupidity of this Trump regime. So during these, the State of the Union or the joint address session, did you see this where Donald Trump said that and U-S-A-I-D through the Secretary of State under Biden and others, they were giving, they were doing transgender mice surgery, transgender mice, everybody, the word was transgenic and it was about trying to cure forms of cancer, not transgender transgenic. And I know Donald Trump doesn't read things like he doesn't read the U-S-M-C-A, the United States Mexico Canada agreement, which he was the person who negotiated, which he says, we're ripping all, we're being ripped off.


But this just shows the world how stupid this regime is. Here, I'll play this clip, 8 million to make mice transgender. Is this real life? And you were allowed to vote? Is this real life? Now this woman's talking about something in particular about transgender mice, but where did she get that from? $8 million for making mice transgender. This is real. Alright, so this was another one of those. If Trump said it, it has to be true moments, but Trump actually misspoke here big time because what Trump should have said is scientists were making mice transgenic not transgender.


And as you can see here, transgenic mouse technology has revolutionized virtually all fields of biology and provided new genetic approaches to model many human diseases in a whole animal context. So as you can see here in the transgenic mouse model, scientists add human cells to mice so that when they introduce diseases and study them, these mice and their tissue react more like human tissue. And that's how we end up at a University of Cincinnati website where they're talking about their $8 million study to continue gene environment interaction research. So yeah, dunny, instead of stopping research where you say it was transgender mice, you actually stopped research that might help us figure out how diseases affect the human body.


And you, Danielle, you bought the whole thing, hook, line and sinker just because it came outta Trump's mouth. Shame on ya. N Now the Gong show going on in the press room with American Chief Propagandist, Caroline Levier. She was asked well, and by Peter Ducey from Fox asked this question, asked her, so we see that some officials are miffed that Zelensky showed up without a suit. But Elon doesn't wear a suit. I mean, this, this is, this is what they're talking about. And they make, they're making jokes. Well, ho ho yo, well, Elon this, Elon that, look, Ukraine is at war. Ukraine is at war because Russia unlawfully invaded it.


Russia, bad guy Ukraine. Good guy. Zelensky, war hero. Putin authoritarian dictator. Could we get this straight please? But for the White House, this is all one big laughing matter. Pathetic play this clip at this podium. And we know that some officials here were miffed that Zelensky showed up last week without a suit for his meeting in the Oval Office. But Elon Musk never wears a suit in there. He did last night. So what is the dress code? Well, Elon Musk wore a suit last night. I'm sure you saw it. He spooked by the zelensky. It looked Zelensky getting Kicked out. No, I don't think so. I'm just pointing out that he did wear a suit last night.


And I think the President liked that very much. And then finally, hat tip to our Gen Z reporter, Adam Mockler, when he was on Capitol Hill, he asked Democratic Congress member Tom Swazi about this powerful moment during Swazis Town Hall where Swazi said, look, we stand. And by the way, Swazis district is a plus five Trump district. And Swazi said, look, I'm usually someone who's viewed as the, as a problem solver who brings Democrats and Republicans together. He's like, there's nothing to bring together when it comes to that. What I saw there, when Donald Trump attacked Zelensky, the way Donald Trump treated Ukraine, it was beyond pathetic.


Here, watch this. And I'm, I'm a, a person who wants to work together across party lines to get things done. I pride myself on that. I'm the co-chair of the Problem Solvers Caucus Democrats and Republicans trying to find common ground to work to get things done. When I saw what happened to the Oval Office the other night, I was so angry. I mean really angry because I felt that Zelensky was ambushed. When that guy asked him a question, he said, you don't have a suit. You're coming here without a suit on. That guy was Marjorie Taylor Green's boyfriend Brian. Yeah. Yeah. Why is he asking questions in the Oval Office? And why does he ask that question? When Elon Musk shows up with a t-shirt and a a ball cap on there You have 'em. Folks, let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Thank you for watching. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100%. USA Union Made


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.