
You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What? On price? They have my favorite brand. It's like a whole new bu. Ah, I give I I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals you'll love Burlington. I told you. So.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


French President Emmanuel Macron is rallying the free world to help Ukraine and a loss. The United States is not included in that. Emmanuel Macron's actually calling out this propaganda farce being perpetuated by Donald Trump and Trump's buddy Putin. Emmanuel Macron saying We're not even in serious peace negotiations right now. We are in a situation where Putin and Trump are essentially trying to carve up Ukraine or trying to help Putin's underlying agenda to take over Ukraine. We're not even having serious discussions.


And once we have serious discussions, then we'll be at the table with Ukraine. But we here in France, we here in Europe other than Hungary, we here joining with Canada and Australia. We stand by Ukraine. When there are serious discussions, we're ready to have a serious ceasefire. President Zelinsky of Ukraine has already said an unconditional ceasefire is something that he would agree to. On the other hand, Putin and Donald Trump are out there talking about what? Hosting hockey tournaments and opening up economic channels and economic deals while it's also being reported the United States is not even enforcing sanctions really anymore against Russia.


Like what the hell is going on? And I'm glad you have Emmanuel Macron calling it out. Emmanuel Macron posted the following. Next Thursday in Paris, we will hold a summit of the Coalition of Volunteers in the presence of President Zelensky. Notice who will not be there, the United States. This meeting follows last week's gathering of military chiefs of staff in Paris and today's meeting of operational deputy chiefs in London. We will finalize our work to support the Ukrainian army and build a sustainable and resilient military model to prevent future Russian invasions. We will also define the security guarantees that European forces can provide to protect Peace is what we want, and it's not what Vladimir Putin wants.


President Macron posted this as well. Once again last night. Russia showed that it sincerely does not want peace. Full support for the Ukrainian people is where France and the rest of Europe and Canada and Australia and elsewhere stand sadly the United States now in an access of evil with Russia and North Korea. It is embarrassing to be here in the United States under this despicable Trump regime. But we here at the Midas Touch Network stand strongly with Ukraine and with the free world, not with this authoritarian Trump regime. Let me show you what Emmanuel Macron said when he was asked by reporters about the discussions and macro.


I did an AI translation for our English speaking audiences. Apologize to our French speaking audiences, but let me play the clip. Maur guaranteed security offered by Europe. Listen, first of all, today there is no discussion, not even about peace. Today we have a discussion between the United States of America and Russia. I'm well, well-informed. Russia invaded Ukraine. Ukraine is not at the table point. When Ukraine and Russia talk and Russia commits to a lasting ceasefire, we can then see what the security guarantees are. It is then legitimate for Ukraine, a sovereign country to define what it needs to ensure its security. Let's take things in the right order.


We will not integrate excessive demands and sometimes provocations. When I see the decree that was once again issued today by Russia, it's the opposing side that has shown its inability to keep its word and its aggressiveness regarding NATOs of France, Germany, and the United Kingdom. Indeed discussing making an offer to the United States to effectively take control of NATO under a European banner, let's say within five to 10 years, there is no control. The Secretary General of the existing news is to strengthen the European pillar. There is no control, I think it is called let's equip ourselves for the future. Let us arm ourselves build a true European deterrent to ensure peace in Europe.


And here's Macron again saying that we need actual guarantees and we need serious discussions. Right now it's basically just a show with the United States and Russia and Saudi Arabia trying to carve up Ukraine for themselves. We know what's going on here. Play this clip To convince President Putin to accept a truth while you yourself seemed quite pessimistic about his and what should be done. In your opinion, what can we do and what can they do? No, but I think that first what we need to do is show our commitment. I think we need to show that we and continue standing behind the Ukrainians and their resistance because everything that fits despair, we clearly see It's part of the Russian strategy to feed despair, abandonment, et cetera, to try to make breakthroughs.


It's showing that we are determined to support Ukraine in its resistance and then it's to show that a sum of credit the day a peace is signed, we give for the peace to be lasting and somehow protected. We want to protect peace. When we talk about security guarantees, everything we do is to protect peace. Europeans are not belligerent powers. We want to protect peace. We want to protect peace on Ukrainian soil. We want to protect peace for ourselves on our eastern fly. We want to protect peace in Europe and dissuade attacks. If we are credible in this approach. I believe it is a strong incentive for President Putin, a man who thinks things through. I have had the opportunity to see this in the discussions I have had with him.


We'll see at that moment very clearly. Then you have Emmanuel Macro standing with his Air Force and he's talking about the strength of the French military projecting strength play this clip. This is where Ukrainian pilots are allowed to defend their country. The first missions were crowned with success. This success is also yours and I want to thank you for this sensitive and unique mission. We will continue to support Ukraine in the face of the war of aggression because we know from our history and in our geography, especially here what it means to be occupied.


It is from here today that topez, the pilots from LSU are engaged for our sovereignty. You just presented to me the missions with the defense of our airspace through air policing missions, as well as all your missions for the sovereignty of our NATO allies by protecting the Baltic states for the protection of our allies, as well as for the protection of the Republic of Djibouti, from where our mirage operate, especially for the freedom of navigation in the Red Sea. And I know that many of you in recent years have also been deployed to the Levant and elsewhere in difficult theaters of operations where the fight against terrorism is at the heart of the mission.


Here's French President Emmanuel Macron. Again, let's play it. We want to protect peace. When we talk about security guarantees, everything we do is to protect peace. Europeans are not warlike powers. We want to protect peace. We want to protect peace on Ukrainian soil. We want to protect peace for us on our eastern flank. We want to protect peace in Europe and thus deter attacks against us. If we are credible in this approach, I think it is a strong incentive for President Putin, who is a man who thinks I had the chance to see this through the discussions I had with him. He will see at that moment very clearly. He will adjust his position.


Hey Midas, mighty Ben Mycells here from the Midas Touch Network. I know you probably see me on these YouTube videos or listen to me on audio podcast. But what you don't see is behind the scenes how I have to actually run this media business and I rely on something called Ramp to help me because look, receipts are coming in from reporters and hosts and contractors across the country. There are subscriptions that we have for various services and keeping track of it all could be a nightmare. That's why I use Ramp. Ramp takes care of all of the logistical stuff everyone's talking about. Ramp one CFO told me it was like hiring a full-time employee just for expense management. Except easier when you switch to Ramp, you'll sleep easier at night. The way I do look manually logging receipts, chasing approvals, spending days on month end close is low leverage, busy work that wastes time. So Ramp takes care of that and makes it easy. Lemme tell you what Ramp is. It's a free corporate card that automates away your entire expense process. The moment your team makes a purchase Ramp handles everything. Receipt matching, categorization, approvals, the works. It has a hugely important strategic impact in running your business efficiently. So for most companies, their finance teams spend about 80% of their time doing tactical busy work like chasing down expenses and reconciling statements. And only 20% on high value strategic thinking Ramp flips that equation. And it's easy to switch to Ramp for new members. Ramp offers a complimentary white glove onboarding service to help you migrate from your current corporate card to start using Ramp. Don't wait, switch to Ramp. It's like hiring a full-time employee just for expense management only. Easier over 25,000 businesses, including ours, trust Ramp, including Shopify and the Boys and Girls Club of America. And now for a limited time, listeners of this show can get $250 when you join Ramp. Just go to Ramp dot com slash midas. That's Ramp dot com slash midas RA p.com/m E-I-D-A-S card issued by Sutton Bank.


So while that's going on, you wanna know what Putin's propaganda networks are saying. You wanna get insight into where they're at. Again, I did an AI English translation for you. And I think it's important that you see what's going on in the Russian propaganda. 'cause it's controlled by Putin, what their state of mind is and how Russia is now using. We said this is exactly what was gonna happen using Donald Trump's threats to Annex Canada and Greenland and Panama for Russia to be like, great, why don't you could take those, we could help you take some lands. We're gonna take these lands. We could help with Canada. Here's what they're saying in Russian propaganda.


TV controlled by Putin. Let's help Trump take Greenland and Canada. This is in Ireland. What's important today? Understand, it doesn't matter, oh, island St. Patrick's Day, he wants Russia, but what do you even know? Yes, us from the inner part, this division of Europe. Well, we have to return Again. Well, it's, it's me again. How we have to return our bases in Eastern Europe, return to Berlin. Again, teach the Baltic states to love the Russian language. Again, we still have so much work ahead. This Work, which you are talking about, is only possible in the case if in 28 in the year for disposal and someone like Vance wins. And because if Trump, Trump faces so many obstacles that he ends up losing the internal conflict, by the way, it seems both sides are ready to escalate within the USA.


Of course, of course. So in general, it's not really worth Discussing then would have to return to Mexico Port Trust to its native shores. Alaska back here. I can't rule Anything out. And since we And throughout Russia, you are hearing that as well. The Russian, the people in the Kremlin are basically saying that the US is far more aligned with Russia than Europe or anywhere else, which is something that Russia always wanted. It's how Russia wanted to use these discussions. Right here. Let me just also contrast what I just showed you there with, you know, a real tough president and French president, Emmanuel Macron standing up to Putin.


Here's what Donald Trump said on Friday. Again, threatening to annex Canada. Let's play it. It it would, you know, you have that artificial line that goes, that straight artifact that looked like it was drawn by a ruler. Somebody with a, I don't mean a ruler like a king, I mean like a ruler. Like a ruler this way. And it's just an artificial line that was drawn in the sand or in the ice. Can I tell Peter, just you, you add that to this country. What a beautiful landmass. The most beautiful landmass anywhere in the world. And it was just cut off for whatever reason, it would be great. Here's Donald Trump in an interview with American State regime Media known as Fox spewing Putin's propaganda here about how Putin has encircled the Ukrainian forces in the curses region.


And as a result, Trump and Putin, they need to carve up Ukraine so that they could save the Ukrainian forces. Just a bunch of bogus Russian propaganda play this clip. So that's where we are. And right now you have a lot of guns pointing at each other and the ceasefire, without going a little bit further, it would've been tough. Russia has the advantage, as you know, they have encircled about 2,500 soldiers. They're nicely encircled and that's not good. And we want to get it over with. By the way, in, in a strong show of the alliance with Zelinsky and French president, Emmanuel Macron, there was this moment where with Zelinsky was addressing the press.


He was speaking on video and then Macron called him, watch this moment. Valid. So Sorry, Emmanuel, I, I've just conversation with the journalist. Can I, can I be back in 15 to 20 minutes? I say thank you. Thank you. Okay. Bye-bye. I just spoke with President Macron, with Emmanuel. We talk very often, once a day, I would say on average. And indeed we have close, very close relations between our countries. He helps a lot. Ah, I am grateful to him for that. After our conversation, I will call him back. Yeah, I Love that right there. I mean, by the way, you're seeing as well, prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Kire Starmer also all about projecting military strength.


The message is clear right now. Kiir Starmer goes to the men and women working at home and abroad to secure a just and lasting peace to Ukraine. Thank you. The UK's nuclear deterrent is the cornerstone of our national security. I'm incredibly proud of everything our submariners do to keep us safe. And that's why I wanted to be there in person to say thank you and welcome you back to our shores. Now you have the nuclear submariners in the United Kingdom, also doing missions as well. And again, no doubt in response in, in my view, in response to a projection of strength now by Europe with the weakness in isolation and Putin obsequiousness by Donald Trump.


And what we're seeing with Russia, proud of what Canada, Europe, Australia, you know, and others are, are doing to help Ukraine. I think really meeting the moment and kind of putting politics aside when it comes to supporting Ukraine. As as, as everybody should hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.