
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at shopify.com/special offer


This MLB season FanDuel S Dinger Tuesday is back, And this year all customers get a profit boost to BET home runs every week. So gear up to go yard all season long on FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 Plus in President Select states opt in required bonus issued is non Withable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply, including any token expiration in max wager amount. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER


10 years from today. Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses Lisa's taking now with A A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does and she can finally run with the big dogs. And the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, And you could be next. With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself And ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


World leaders and in particular, NATO leaders are absolutely furious that Donald Trump and they're taking action, forming joint defense PACS with each other, making deals with each other, and cutting little old Donald Trump and the United States out of their deals because Donald Trump's threats to their sovereignty. One of the most obvious examples of this in the past 48 hours, Canada and EU entered into a joint defense pact and a broader economic relationship. Yep. They entered into an actual deal. So while Donald Trump is threatening the sovereignty of Canada and calling it the 51st state, the Prime Minister of Canada, Mark Carney flew to Europe a day before the NATO summit at the Hagen Netherlands was set to take place, met with the leaders of the European Union and EU Commission and announced a major defense deal with the European Union.


And Prime Minister Carney said, we will not be looking back. We are looking forward to new relationships with people who share our worldviews. In other words, goodbye Donald, goodbye United States of America. And one of the things that I've noticed already at this NATO summit is how small and weak Trump and the United States look, and it's an unfortunate thing for me to say this as an American, but it is just the reality. I mean, take a look at this photo right here of just Donald Trump. Look how uncomfortable he looks, how isolated he looks, just how bizarre and strange he looks when he is actually with world leaders when he's in his safe space, like Air Force One or Mar-a-Lago and the White House, and he can yell at reporters.


He sings a different tune. So before he flew to the NATO summit in the Haggar while he was flying, he spoke to reporters and they asked him, are you committed to Article five of nato? And Donald Trump says, well, I don't know. It depends on your definition. There's lots of definitions. No, Donald, there were not a lot of definitions of Article Five's Mutual Defense Pact, which when it was invoked in the past, was done to help the United States after nine 11. But here's what Donald Trump said, play this clip. Are you submitted To Article five of nato? It depends on your definition. There's numerous definitions of Article five. You know that, right?


But I'm committed to being their friends. You know, I become friends with many of those leaders and I'm committed to helping them. And it just seems that all Donald Trump wanted to do was talk about Vladimir Putin. Here's what he had to say. Putin called me. Putin called me here, play this clip. You know, I'd like to see a deal with Russia as you know. Vladimir called me up, he said, can I help you with Iran? I said, no, I don't need help with Iran. I need help with you and I hope we're gonna be getting a deal done with Russia. And then Trump has asked if he will meet with Zelensky and here's what he had to say, play this clip. Do you think You'll meet with Zelensky when you're there? Yeah, probably. I'll see him. Yeah. What? What would you say to him?


Say, how you doing? They're tough. He's in a tough situation. Should have never been there. So Now talking about this joint defense pact between Canada and the Euro and the European Union, here's the headline, Canada Signs Defense Pact with eu. The partnership will help both Ottawa and Brussels deliver NATO's new capability requirements. But let's dig deeper. Can I show you what the Defense Pact actually looks like? Not a fake deal, but a real deal. Here's the Defense Pact. You'll see it right here. Security and Defense Partnership between the European Union and Canada. Let's just take a look at the preface of it here. Let's, let's take a look.


The European Union and Canada face a deteriorating security environment and must tackle common threats and challenges together. Trump, Trump, what do you think they're talking about here? Our security is interconnected and interdependent. It is not limited to traditional military and defense related issues, but is increasingly multidimensional, ranging from the rapidly evolving cyber emerging tech and hybrid threats to maritime and outer space, including the protection of critical infrastructure and societal resilience and economic security. The EU and Canada are closely aligned in their adherence to international law and are united to uphold and strengthen the rules based international order based on the purposes and principles of the United States charter.


Again, that's a reference to Trump. If you haven't realized respect for human dignity, freedom, democracy, equality, the rule of law and human rights underpin the cooperation between the EU and Canada. The EU and Canada are also key in strategic partners in security and defense. As highlighted in the EU strategic compass for security and defense, the EU Canada have longstanding cooperation in security and defense demonstrates a joint commitment to peace and security. It goes on to talk about how in this current security environment mutually reinforcing EU native NATO strategic partnerships is essential for Euro Atlantic security.


This partnership is implemented in line and and with the agreed principles of mutual openness and transparency, inclusiveness, reciprocity in full respect of the decision making, autonomy and procedures of both organizations. And it goes on to talk about in light of the shared foreign security policy challenges, including Russia's unprovoked and unjustified war of aggression against Ukraine, the EU and Canada are also closely aligned in their firm and enduring support of Ukraine. The EU and Canada wish to intensify their cooperation to better meet shared security challenges. So let's take a look over here.


What Prime minister Mark Carney of Canada said at this special summit that took place before the NATO summit here. This was the E, this was the EU Canada portion where they just met together. And Prime Minister Carney's like we are moving beyond the past. We're not clinging to that. We're moving to the future. The future is Canada and the European Union. The message cannot be clear, clearer. Goodbye Trump. Goodbye USA. Let's play this clip. So We're meeting now in that context, in, as you just said, in hard times we might say even a hinge moment of history, a world that's more dangerous and divided.


A time where the rules-based international, the global order rules-based global order is under threat in a time when technological changes accelerating. And we really have two choices. This is a jurisdiction as a country in this CIR circumstance, we can nostalgically look back and long for the old order to somehow return or we can build a new one with purpose and partnership. And as the most European of the non-European countries, Canada looks first to the European Union to build a better world. And that's what today is about. It's about building on our triple alignment of values, of interest and of trust.


Trust built over the years. And so today, this is a new era of cooperation. Our strategic Canada, eu, or EU Canada strategic partnership for the future will build a new and deeper relationship that brings us closer together. From defense to digital, from supply chains to security, we're launching co comprehensive negotiations across multiple areas of cooperation and connection, trade security, digital climate. And this will make us both more resilient and more, more prosperous in many respects, what we're committing to from our perspective, Canada's perspective is an ongoing process to an ever closer partnership that will bring our people closer together.


And you have more from Prime Minister Kearney here talking about shared values. And you'll see this entire thing is Trump coded about the United States disrespecting sovereignty and all of that. Here playing this clip, We also in this more dangerous and divided world, must be prepared to defend our people and our values to secure our sovereignty and protect our allies. And to these ends, we will be in, in the Hague tomorrow with new commitments, significant commitments to our own and our mutual defense. Meeting our na, NATO targets further accelerating investments in coming years. But doing so the EU and Canada, with this new security and defense partnership, which provides for this increased cooperation across the full spectrum of security, it will help us deliver on our new requirements for capabilities more rapidly and more effectively, will help build our industries, secure our our jurisdictions.


So we are very pleased to be taking this important step towards participation in safe as part of re-arm readiness, Europe, bringing shared expertise, joint research and innovation. You know, at its core, final word, Europe was born as a project of peace. And Canada, over the years, over the decades, has served alongside European allies in pursuit of that piece. It's that in those circumstances from VMI to Juno, that the world came to know the value of our strength.


But now we're working alongside the European Union to combat climate change, to achieve the sustainable development goals and to protect amongst other things, academic and scientific freedoms in these ways. The world knows the strength of our values and this partnership, which is defense and security and economics, really builds the strength, builds those strengths in both our jurisdictions and lives up to our values. So with that, thank you for the partnerships. It's not over as you say, we have dinner and I know in Europe dinners are long and they involve a lot of work, at least when they're in this building.


Other dinners in Europe are long and involve very little work, but this one will involve a lot of work. But so be it because we have a lot of work to do. So with that, I'll hand back for questions. Thank you. Then you had European council president Antonio Costa. He spoke and here's what he had to say. And again, this is clearly directed at Trump. Play this clip Together we continue to uphold the values that unite us at the time when the rules based international order is under pressure. When multilateralism is under attack, the European Union and Canada stand out as responsible, predictable, and reliable partners.


Here's a longer portion of that speech, let's play it. Our Twenties summit is much more than a symbolic milestone. It is a powerful political statement. The European Union and Canada are among the closest allies in the transatlantic space. We see the world through the similar lands and we stand for the same values. Values we have always stood by each other and we'll continue to do so. Building upon these very solid foundations, we have agreed to forge even stronger bonds.


With the support of the 27 member states, we'll take our strategic relationship to an unprecedented level of closeness. That's why today's marks a turning point in our history. First on defense, we have just signed the European Union Canada Security Defense Partnership. It's a reflection of our mutual commitment to peace, transatlantic security, and deeper cooperation in building defense capabilities. It opens new opportunities for companies on both sides of the Atlantic. While NATO remains the cornerstone of our collective defense, this partnership will allow us to strengthen our preparedness faster and better, to invest more and to invest smarter.


On the economic front, we agreed to expand our trade flows and promote our economic security. Thanks to the comprehensive economic and trade agreement. Since 2017, bilateral trades in goods and services as church by 71%, demonstrating the tangible benefits of our free trade agreement. For citizens and business alike. Setta belongs to a new generation of trade deals. It protect workers, preserves the environment and safeguards our trademarks.


Now we are working on expanding this relationship and broadening our cooperation. Our new joint agenda will allow us to work more closely in the fields of digital trade, energy, security, labor, mobility, and the supply of critical raw materials. We'll join forces in the global race for artificial intelligence and other breakthrough technologies. And we'll also foster people to people, ties and promote exchanges in education and innovation while firmly defending academic freedom.


Together, we'll fight climate change. Global problems require global collaboration and the European Union and the and Canada can rely on each other. Our prosperity is interlinked and together we are stronger.


Let me tell you, if there's a surefire way to wake up feeling fresh after drinks with friends, it's with pre-cool Zbiotics. Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Now here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. Now it's a buildup of this byproduct, not dehydration. That's to blame for rough days. After drinking pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make pre-cool your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Now, every time I've had pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference the next day. Now even after a night out, I can confidently plan on just waking up and feeling my best the next day without worrying. Look, I won't lie. I was a bit on the fence about pre-cool initially, but then while hanging out with some friends at our bar, I gave it a shot. And believe me, it's the real deal. So I first gave pre-cool a try when I was at a wedding. I drank it before my first espresso martini and you wouldn't believe how on top of my game I felt the next morning. Now summer's here, which means more opportunities to celebrate the warm weather before that backyard barbecue brew or your glass of Pinot watching the sunset at a beach or a cocktail by the campfire. Don't forget your Zbiotics pre alcohol drink, one before drinking and wake up feeling great and ready to take on the next day. And all that's summer has to offer. Go to Zbiotics dot com slash midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Midas at checkout, Zbiotics is backed with 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason the refund your money, no questions asked, remember to head to Zbiotics dot com slash midas and use the code Midas at checkout for 15% off.


Now this is from Prime Minister Carney's. Sit down with Antonio Costa and European Commission President Ursula Vander Lane play this clip. Thanks and congratulate you for your posting of the G seven. Today we have a new summit ahead and we are now more closer than ever. We are looking at the world through the same lens. We are sharing the same values. And for sure in this meeting we opened our partnership for a new level.


Here's another clip from that meeting right here. Now we put some of what we discussed at the G seven, what we have worked on over the years into practice with the Security and Defense Partnership. Ursula Ursula, it's it, it's crucial. It's crucial for Canada, but I think it also shows a way forward to the world and the breadth of the ambition, but also the practical implementation of our partnership for the future is fundamental to the future of Canada. And If I may, if I, I may put it in one direction, of course the union is under, your leadership has been moving to an ever closer union.


We look forward to moving to an ever closer partnership with the European Union. Here's what Ursula Vle and had to say during her portion of the speech. And again, this is all anti-Trump coded right now. Play this clip. You have indeed a vast country and I'm happy to see more of it. Same goes for you Antonio. So we'll be back and we are very curious to see where you will lead us to, perhaps to the Arctic, which is so important to both of us and where we have been so clear about the EU support to our Green landing partners. Dear Mark, you took the helm of the G seven presidency in challenging times and you delivered, you brought countries together at the moment when unity is more vital than ever.


You helped bring focus to pressing issues, encourage Frank Exchange. And you said, at this moment we have to turn the many challenges into change. That is what we are doing today. As we meet here in Brussels. As the saying goes, hard times reveal true friends. In these challenging times, we're taking huge steps forward to deepen our strategic partnership. Let me start with defense. Canada and the European Union have been working closely on this for years, both bilaterally and in nato, Canada has been leading NATO's enhanced forward presence in Latvia since 2014.


You are making Europe's Eastern Flank stronger and safer. And today we're stepping up our cooperation. As you said, we signed a security and defense partnership. It'll strengthen Canada's role in Europe's rapidly evolving defense architecture. And it's just the beginning. We will now swiftly launch talks on Canada's access to a joint military procurement instrument. We call it safe. It's 150 billion euros. And together we will define where our corporation can have the most value added and where we should channel joint investments.


It will be good for our industries, it will be good for our people, and it will be good for the transatlantic security tool. And of course, it will be good for our continued support to Ukraine because the more we invest in the highly innovative Ukrainian industry, the more the industry will be capable and the better Ukraine can defend itself. Dear Canada has shown incredible generosity to Ukraine, training almost 45,000 troops welcoming the refugees today. Ukraine needs our support more than ever, and you made it clear in Kaki last week, we are determined to explore further sanctions to maximize pressure on Russia to come to the negotiation table.


So far, the European Union and its member states have mobilized almost 150 billion euros, the friends of Ukraine, all of us. We must now plan for more support for 2026 and beyond. And of course, our focus is turned to the Ukrainian Recovery Conference in Rome in July. And as a key member of our donor platform, Canada is contributing significant financial support to Ukraine, crucial assistance for reconstruction projects, as well as invaluable technical assistance in Kananaskis. We also discussed the importance of open, stable, and free trade among partners.


It's a powerful foundation of our prosperity. CA is our shared success story that illustrates this perfectly. And indeed, Antonio, you mentioned the 17% increase in trade since 2017 in numbers. It is in 2023 alone total trade reach, an impressive 123 billion euros. And thanks to CA, the eus GDP grow by 3.2 billion, while Canada sees a 1.3 billion Euro boost each year. So CA stands as strong symbol of the, of the power of free and fair trade.


I must say 98% of our tariffs line are zero. I repeated zero. We know that the ratification process is still ongoing, but we are committed to get this done. And then finally, I have to share with you my friend Charlie Angus. Maple Midas, through and through Charlie Angus has become one of my best friends in in, in, in the fight for democracy. You've seen him here. I always hear you saying, show more Charlie Angus. Here was Charlie Angus's take on the US striking Iran. And he gave this take before Trump's fake ceasefire.


And before we found out that Donald Trump basically lied about all of the, that lied that the nuclear facilities were destroyed. You'll see how Charlie Angus addressed this issue here, play this clip. And Benjamin Netanyahu looks like he's sitting on top of the world. Well actually he's sitting on top of a pile of bones bombed out hospitals, thousands of dead Palestinian children and a Middle East that is now on fire. Netanyahu has used the forever war as a means of staying ahead of the corruption courts, and he's just managed to sucker the United States into providing him cover. So no doubt he's feeling pretty good right now.


There was no Iranian nuclear threat. American Intel told the president there was no Iranian threat. Chelsea Gabbard, yes, that Chelsea Gabbard, the queen of mega misinformation, testified there was no Iranian threat. And just recently in a very telling statement at Hiroshima, Ms. Gabbard stated quote, political elites and war mongers are carelessly formenting fear and tension between the nuclear powers. Well, Donald Trump didn't like that, but just this past march, it was actually thought that Donald Trump might be the guy to bring the Iranian regime in from the cold. That was when there was negotiations. And Diplo diplomatic means between Tehran and Saudi Arabia as an American proxy, where they were talking about lifting the sanctions on Iran as an act of goodwill to deescalate the nuclear program and bring Iran to the table.


And Donald Trump was thought it could be the guy to do it because hey, he really wanted, well, he wanted then the the Nobel Peace Prize. But he'd also said he never supported foreign war. So maybe Donald Trump was the guy to make that happen. But Benjamin Netanyahu was gonna make sure that Trump was not going to deliver. Netanyahu stated immediately that the terms of conditions for Iran coming to the table would be regime change. Now, think about this. Iran is not just a country. It's one of the world's oldest civilizations. It's a country of 90 million people sitting on the third largest oil reserves in the world, the second largest natural gas reserves in the world.


The idea that Tehran could be forced into regime change because Israel dropped some bombs on the city was just ridiculous. So what Netanyahu had to do is he had to sucker in the gangster from Mar-a-Lago and hey, that's not all that hard. Like let's face it, Trump hasn't been doing very well recently. People are accusing him of TAing every time he has to deal with something. So why not start a war in the Middle East? Change the channel again. But the real danger here is that now Trump has gone all in. He's been using escalating language like demanding unconditional surrender. And that's very particular kind of military term. It was used against Japan in the Second World War, which resulted in the dropping of the atom bomb.


We're in very dangerous times, my friend. So where do we stand right now? Well, let's look at Donald Trump as president. The Trump got totally played. He has damaged his credibility with his base. He has damaged his credibility on the world stage. Does he back up or does he go further? We don't know. Now what about Israel? Well, Israel has become more and more isolated on the world stage. Netanyahu is an indicted war criminal. They are being investigated rightly for crimes of mass genocide against the Palestinian people. So right now, Netanyahu thinks he's got all the cards in his hand, but what he's done is he's left Israel and a dangerously isolated outlier.


And the long-term implications for Israel and Israeli people, I don't think are all that good. Now, what about the West? Well, it can be said that the credibility of Western moral superiority died in the death camp. That is Gaza. We all watched the starving children. We watched the targeting of the hospitals, we watched the targeting of aid workers, and we saw our Western leaders say nothing or tiptoe around it. And what that did was that gave Netanyahu the green light to go further. So are we going to see the Western allies standing up and rallying the world at this time to try and deescalate?


They just don't seem to have the credibility. I really hope our prime minister, Mark Carney, who's demanded and called for people coming back to the table. I wish him well. But I think the West has really damaged itself at this moment. And then there's Iran. I don't know what the regime in Iran's going to do, but I think the one lesson is, is that giving up a nuclear option, when you're facing these kind of threats of regime change is not something they're going to do. So if they weren't going to go nuclear before, they're probably gonna go nuclear now. And that's the world we're in right now. The world is on fire and we have the dangerous president, the gangster from Mar-a-Lago pouring gasoline all over the political arson of his fellow gangsters, Netanyahu and Putin in the war in Ukraine.


We have to find a way, my friends, to push back to show resistance at the grassroots level to say, hell no, we're not gonna go along. And to push our leaders to take a strong moral statement at this time, because right now these are very, very, very crucial moments. Well, there you have it, folks. And let me know what you think right there. Everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 6 million subscribers and thank you so much for watching.


Can't get Enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.