
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spend $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a price they have. My favorite brand. It's like a whole new BU Dodge. Ah, I Think buy two. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


Elbows up Canada. Canada is fighting back. They're showing how you lead the resistance and opposition at an international scale against Donald Trump. They showed the rest of the world how it's done. Take a look at this right here. How about them flights from Vancouver to Phoenix or really anywhere from Canada into the United States. Where are all the passengers boycotting going? Elbows up, going over the boards, throwing the gloves off. They ain't coming. They ain't coming. You know why? Because Donald Trump's threatening annexation.


Donald Trump's not just engaged in trade war, but using language of real war though Putin deification language where Putin used that as a pretext for his unlawful invasion of Ukraine. You know what Donald Trump's saying about Canada? Oh, they're smuggling the fentanyl to kill the Americans. Total lies total defamation against Canada and Canada standing up. By the way, sit back and relax. Canadians, enjoy your Chapman's only ice cream. Some Chapman's only Canada's finest right here. Ice cream bars. Take a look right there. You got some other Canadian snacks right here buying Canadian.


Take a look at the headline from the Financial Times Us Vacation Hotspots Brace for slump as Angry Canadians. Cancel trips. Trump's threats of annexation and tariffs hit the country's largest international tourist market. I Think we're past the part of bracing. I Think we're now at the part of the film where the pain is being felt because of Donald Trump's deranged regime. You know, and when I read these Financial Times articles, these are the same people who were saying, oh, we still expect that under Donald Trump.


There's gonna be financial growth. We, there may be a little bit lumy. You know, all of these people's financial predictions are always like so inaccurate and incorrect here. But you know, you take a look right here and there's like, who's this person right here who's quoted this guy from the travel industry is like, well, we expect there to be about a Adam Sachs. We expect there to be, you know, maybe a a $9 billion drop, 20% decline in travel from Canada. It ain't gonna be a 20% decline in travel from Canada. Okay? It's gonna be a 75 to 80% decline in travel. At least right now. The Canadian boycott is going so strong.


I Think you want to take these numbers and probably 10 to 15 x them in terms of the loss that's gonna be felt by the American tourism industry. Whether it's, you know, in, I mean Vegas is getting crushed right now. Florida getting crushed right now. We've heard from people, places like Maine and others, business down 85 to 90% this article from Axios, Canadian snowbirds are selling their US homes right here and Canadians are saying, we ain't going there. You know, in addition to the fact that Donald Trump is threatening war. So good reason not to come here. If you show up here, there's measles outbreaks.


Another person died of measles in the United States. So you get these new pandemics coming back that were treated with vaccines based on an anti-VAX head of the health department here. Or you've got here in the Trump regime, they may send you to ice detention centers or send you back or send you out to El Salvador concentration camps. You never know what's gonna happen with the Trump regime. You have a tattoo, you know, maybe you have an autism awareness tattoo and they go, Ooh, autism awareness tattoo that equals six points. They like make up these weirdo formulas. Six points I guess that makes you trend deua. No due process.


It's the most insane regime that we have here in the United States. By the way, take a look at the bread aisle right here. This person goes, I sell bread. Is this a little overkill with all of the baked in Canada? That that ain't overkill right there. That's fantastic. Take a look at Canadian sharing this as well. Not an American strawberry in sight, Mexican and Canadian only. I wanna share with you this Prime Minister, Mark Carney gave an incredible speech in Oakville, Ontario. Here he was speaking an outlining skilled trades workforce right here, great speech, but here are the portions where he talks about the United States.


He's lays out here the retaliation against the us. He makes it clear since they're in this transition kinda state with the pass off from Trudeau to Kearney what the powers and authorities are. But Prime Minister Kearney saying, no, we we're retaliating and they're gonna feel pain. Watch this. Counter tariffs and other counter tariff measures. We are putting it in place. So the cost to American based manufacturers has changed dramatically with the tariffs that we have put in place. We do that with regret in the sense of we're responding to unjustified illegal and misguided tariffs in the United States.


Vehicle production in the United States, vehicle purchases in the United States, economic activity in the United States, jobs in the, in the auto sector, in the United States. All of those are going to go down. They are going to go down. The US is harming themselves with these tariffs. Okay? It takes some time for that to filter through, just like it took some time for the impacts of Brexit to filter through to the UK economy. But I have seen this movie before. I know exactly what's gonna happen. This is what's gonna happen to them. The Americans are gonna get weaker. We are gonna stand by our workers. We are standing by our companies. We are building new trade relationships. We are going to stay strong and get stronger.


Thank Here Prime Minister Kearney in giving the speech. By the way, the snap elections you all know are it's April 28th and for our other international viewers, the system in Canada, as you vote for the party, it's the liberal party and the conservative party or the big parties there. You also have the new Democratic Party, green Party. Other parties in Canada, you know as well. But the two biggest parties right now, liberal party. Conservative party, many expect liberal party is going to win based on Pierre Pev and the conservative party going full like Maple Maga before all of this, you know, before Trump gave the ultimate FU to Canada and threatened war Pev was following the Trump playbook.


He sent Danielle Smith from Alberta to Florida even recently to like work, you know, to try to interfere with the elections. The whole thing's horrific. Anyway, here's Prime Minister Kearney right here talking about how, look, there's this, this isn't gonna be easy for Canada, but America will feel more pain here. Watch this. That There are future job cuts, higher inflation and likely an American recession ahead. So we're gonna protect our workers. We're gonna fight back, we're gonna build, we're gonna get stronger. They're gonna get weaker. We're gonna get a deal. In the end, let's, so it may once the strategy, the new Met Honor, see the, see the soba can econ people, the sector Automobile Canada initiative on some Apple informed the reports strategic.


Okay, Mr. Kearney, last week as, or actually earlier this week as Prime Minister, you spoke about putting in place a framework in which you can help or convince auto manufacturers to stay in Canada to fend off, to protect them from Canadian tariffs. I, I am wondering about this framework. When is it going to be in place? This is a fast moving process. Yep. As I mentioned this, this, this plan could be closed in weeks before the election. What can you do now in terms of adding pressure? Are you going to put in any punitive penalties?


Thank you for the question. So, as you know Judy, during an election period, what a government can do is more limited a so-called caretaker period, which does exist now. What we did as a government in anticipation of this to the maximum extent that we could in advance of the election, wasn have authorization to put in place tariffs, counter tariffs, and other counter tariff measures we are putting in place. So the cost to American based manufacturers has changed dramatically with the tariffs that we have put in place. We do that with regret in the sense of we're responding to unjustified, illegal and misguided tariffs in the United States.


Vehicle production in the United States, vehicle purchases in the United States, economic activity in the United States, jobs in the, in the auto sector, in the United States. All of those are going to go down. They are going to go down. The US is harming themselves with these tariffs. Okay? It takes some time for that to filter through, just like it took some time for the impacts of Brexit to filter through to the UK economy. But I have seen this movie before. I know exactly what's gonna happen. This is what's gonna happen to them. The Americans are gonna get weaker. We are gonna stand by our workers. We are standing by our companies. We are building new trade relationships. We are going to stay strong and get stronger.


When your car breaks down, you take it to a mechanic with no hesitation. You need it. And it's not something that most guys can fix themselves and men should think the exact same way about ed. But the reality is you might be hesitant to seek help. Thankfully through himss you can get access to personalized ed treatments without stepping outside your door. HIMSS is changing men's healthcare by providing you with access to affordable sexual health treatments from the comfort of your couch. HIMSS provides access to a range of doctor trusted ed treatments like Chewable Hardman and Viagra and Cialis and their generics for up to 95% cheaper. The process is 100% online, so there's no need for uncomfortable doctor's visits. Just answer a series of questions on their site and a medical provider will determine the right treatment option if prescribed. Your medication ships directly to you for free. No insurance is needed and one low price covers everything from treatments to ongoing care with hundreds of thousands of trusted subscribers. HIMSS can help you find the ED option that works for you. Start your free online visit today at himss.com/midas. That's H ims.com/midas for your personalized ed treatment options himss.com/midas. The products mentioned are chewable compounded products which are not covered by or verified for safety or effectiveness by the FDA prescriptions require an online consultation with a healthcare provider who will determine if appropriate restrictions apply. See website for details and important safety information. Subscription required price varies based on product and subscription plan.


Another powerful part of Kearney speech, let me show you this. Not only by believing in ourselves, but by investing in each other in our skills, in our talent, in our people. And together we, Canadians will build Canada strong. Thank you very much. I'd be happy. Happy to answer your, your questions.


And this is from Kearney speech as well. Let's play it. We are Facing the biggest crisis of our lifetimes and as we saw, unfortunately, once again, I'm gonna say last week, but I Think it was just earlier this week, it's just earlier this week, it's the same week. President Trump is trying to fundamentally to restructure the US economy. And in the process he's reshaping, disrupting, really the international trading system that we've known all our lives and rupturing, rupturing the global economy. Now let me share with you this as well recently from Canadian foreign Minister from the liberal party.


Here's her forceful statement, responding to the Trump tariffs Play this clip In Canada, what we've said is we, we take stock of what the US has done and at the same time we know that the relationship will never be the same again. And that's my message to Europeans. The relationship with the US will never be the same. They want to do things differently. We're the biggest client of the US by far. We buy more from the US than the uk, France, China, and Japan combined. So for anybody that has been in business before, when you treat your client, your best client, the way we've been treated, well of course it means that you want fundamentally to change the way you're operating.


What we've said is we understand that President Trump is taking decisions for his own administration and his own people, but he also respects strength. And we've made sure that there were counter tariffs on American products back in Canada. We are now at $60 billion worth of counter tariffs. We announced new counter tariffs on auto yesterday because we think that it is ultimately the best way to get to a good deal. Eventually we're putting maximum pressure on the Trump administration and at the same time we are finding off ramps.


And the only people on earth that will be able to really have President Trump change course are the Americans themselves. And the Americans now understand that tariffs are attacks on them For no reason other than Donald Trump hates this photo. I'm sharing with you the portrait that was hanging in Colorado of Donald Trump as Kininger former Republican Congress member, Adam Kininger, courageous Adam Kininger, standing up to Donald Trump posting that. And while Donald Trump is I imposing these tariffs crashing the world markets right now, this was him returning to DC last night on Sunday night.


And here he was bragging about how great he was at golf over the weekend. So as the markets are tanking and crashing, Trump's saying he's great at golf. Here Play this clip. President, any questions? How was the golf tournament? Very good. 'cause I won. It's good to win. You heard I won, right? Did you hear? I won. Just to back it up over there. I won. What's your handicap these days? I like win very low, have a very low handicap. Okay, let's go sir. Chinese foreign. Back up a little bit. Sure. The Chinese foreign ministry said that the market has Spoke. There you have it folks. The range demented, dangerous Canada, we stand strong with you here at the Midas Touch Network.


By the way, we have a hundred percent Canadian made Maple Midas gear. A hundred percent Canadian, made Canadian manufacturing. If you go to store dot midas touch.com, store dot midas touch.com, a hundred percent made in Canada store dot midas touch.com. Check that out as well to all of our Canadian viewers and listeners. Thanks for watching and have a good one. Can't get enough? Midas, check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.