
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spend $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer cart going abandoned and more sales going. Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Hey, prime members, are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad. Free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads


Elbows up. Canada, Canada strong Canada, proud Canada. Standing up to the Trump regime and his co-opting of the United States of America. Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney issued the following statement yesterday. Not backing down, he says at 1201 tonight, Canada's counter tariffs will come into force. There will be 25% tariffs on all non C-U-S-M-A compliant vehicles from the US and 25% tariffs on the contents of C-U-S-M-A compliant vehicles that are not from Canada or Mexico. President Trump caused this trade crisis and Canada is responding with purpose and with force.


The boycott by Canada of all things American is getting stronger. By some count 70, 85% of leisure tourism coming to a screeching halt from Canadian tourism into the United States. Also, the by Canada movement in Canada is absolutely crushing it and crushing the United States. They're also setting an example to the rest of the world, to Europe, to Australia, to New Zealand, to Africa, to South America, to Central America, to Mexico, to others. How you stand up to the Trump regime, look, I gotta hand it to Prime Minister Kearney.


He's standing up strong to the Trump regime. He recently spoke in Richmond, British Columbia. I wanna show you some key portions of the speech that he just gave. Let's Play this clip first. The global Economy has fundamentally changed because of these actions. The system of global trade that's existed all my life. Most of, well, everyone in this room. Pretty much the system of trade that was anchored on the United States, that we as a country have relied on since the end of the Second World War. A system that well not perfect has helped deliver prosperity to our country for decades.


That system is over. Yeah, that system is over. And our old relationship or old relationship with the United States, which in fits and starts, but in the same direction, was based on steadily deepening integration, getting closer with the United States. That relationship is over. And in many ways this is a tragedy, but it's the new reality and we have to respond to it. And we are responding. We are responding as Canada, we are responding with purpose and with force, we will fight, we will protect and we will build.


We Now just contrast. Prime Minister Kearney like a real leader, a banker who guided Canada through the great recession of the early to mid two thousands. Someone who as a banker led the UK through Brexit during its most difficult crisis. Cool, calm, composed contrast that the banker to Trump, the bankrupt or the destroyer. Trump was never a builder. He just destroyed and bankrupted the things that he touched in his life, despite being born with a golden spoon in his mouth from his daddy who gave him his money.


Here was Donald Trump last night at the National Republican meeting that took place last night in Washington DC congressional campaign meeting. And that took place in Washington DC Donald Trump's like all the countries are calling me. They're kissing my ass. They're kissing my ass. So take a look at the first clip I showed you with Prime Minister Carney. Contrast it to this pathetic l loser behavior by Donald Trump. Play this clip, But this is the largest transaction in the history of our country. And don't let some of these politicians go around saying, you know, 'cause I'm telling you, these countries are calling us up kissing my ass. They are. They are dying to make a deal.


Please, please, sir, make a deal. I'll do anything. I'll do anything, sir. I mean, look, when you've lost Rand Paul, Donald MAGA Republican, Rand Paul of Kentucky, who no doubt knows Kentucky's economy is getting crushed by the Canadian boycott, Kentucky Bourbon, other Kentucky booze getting crushed when you lost Rand Paul, Donald, you've lost the plot. Here's MAGA Republican, Rand Paul saying, can we talk about the truth? We have to Trump's lying about Canada Play this clip. We Have to start from talking about the truth. One of the things they say with Canada is, oh, there's a 270% tariff on dairy products going from the US into Canada.


Well, you know what? The real tariff is zero. That's a big difference between what the truth is. So there's a certain amount of goods, dairy goods that go to Canada every year and they go at 0%. If we exceed a certain amount, there's this ridiculous 270% tariff, but we've never encountered it. And the USMC renegotiated it and raised the level that's under zero. Trump should be congratulated for USMC raising the amount of dairy that goes in at zero. But we have to have an honest debate. We can't go around saying that there's a 270% tariff when that's not really the truth. Wild that I'm saying. I agree with what magar Republican Senator Rand Paul's saying there.


Let's go back to Prime Minister Card's. Powerful speech enrichment in connection with the Campaign for leadership. The current snap election underway. The campaign is underway. April 28th is the day of the election. Prime Minister Carney's liberal party, I Think keeps growing in support over Pierre PO's conservative party as Pierre Poe was previously full. Maple Maga. He's trying to pretend that he wasn't Daniel Smith of Alberta, not doing him much favors, trying to engage in election interference of the Canadian elections with Donald Trump and Donald Trump posting how Daniel Smith and the Conservative Party are.


They love Donald Trump. 51st state crap. So not exactly doing themselves much favors. Anyway, here's Prime Minister Carney in a speech in Richmond. Let's play it. We, we as a country are facing the most significant crisis of our lifetimes. Yeah, president Trump, president Trump wants to break us so that America, so that America can own us. That's the answer. It will never ever happen. It'll never happen. But we, we are over. And this has been tough.


It's tough. We're over the shock now of the betrayal. But we should never forget the lessons of what's happened. We, we have, we elbows up is one. Yes. We have to. We have to look out for ourselves and we have to take care of each other. And you know, there's some regret here because we didn't ask for this fight. We didn't ask for it. But Canadians are always ready when someone else drops the gloves.


And in and in a trade war. In a trade war, just like in hockey. We will win. We will get stronger. Well, they get weaker. Now hockey hockey has played a big part of my life. As many of yours, I'm not gonna point out that there's an oiler fan here. I, I grew up, I grew up with the values that I learned on the ice, at the rink, at the kitchen table in the classroom.


My parents were teachers who stressed the importance of hard work. Of hard work. You're a teacher. You're a teacher too. Yeah. The importance of supporting each other in community and the importance of caring for other people. My coaches, my hockey coaches taught me to play hard to be ambitious. But because it's Cam Canada also to be humble. And I kept those values close to me when I was managing crises here in Canada and around the world. And I remembered them whenever I was working with others to build strong economies. And now I'm drawing on them to stand up to Donald Trump and to build the strongest economy in the G seven.


An economy that works for everyone.


The weather is heating up and your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. If you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend that you check out Miracle Made Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long. Now, using those silver infused fabrics inspired by NASA Miracle Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather. So you get better sleep every night. These sheets are infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% of bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. No more gross odors. Miracle Made sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands. And feel as nice, if not nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. Stop sleeping on bacteria. Bacteria can clog your pores causing breakouts and acne sleep clean with Miracle. Upgrade your sleep as the weather heats up. Go to try miracle.com/midas to try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save over 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get free three piece towel set and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund Upgrade your Sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three piece towel set and save over 40% off. Again, that's tri miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


Here's another great line from Prime Minister Kearney speech. Let's play it Once again. Donald Trump imposed massive tariffs on the way this time. He skipped Canada. We got the best of a series of bad deals you can handle. You can handle 'em, we can handle, we are gonna have, we are gonna handle, we can handle them. We can handle Donald Trump. That's what he misses. And I'm gonna go into that. But there are three other sets of tariffs in place on auto, on steel and aluminum. And now they're threatening tariffs are announcing tariffs on softwood lumber.


They are threatening our businesses, our workers, our families, and all of these tariffs. All of these tariffs, you have different excuses for them. They are all unjustified. They are all unwarranted, they are all misguided. You know, when hears the thing that I Think that Prime Minister Kearney recognized and former Prime Minister Trudeau recognized, you can't give Donald Trump an inch. As I've said before, from day one, you give Trump an inch, Trump takes your life. He doesn't view concessions as good faith.


He views it as weakness. By the way, that's why Xi Jinping is saying, all right, Donald, you're ready to go. We'll fight. China will fight until the end, Donald. Let's, let's go. And Donald Trump's now picking these fights. But Canada was, I Think, the initial country to show the way. I mean, so like, even like the European Union Commission, they initially proposed to drop tariffs to zero and to do a zero to zero kind of tariff swap with Donald Trump. And Donald Trump's like, nope. Even if the EU reduces its tariffs to zero against the United States, they we need to force them to buy American products. They have to buy Amer all American energy or else where, you know, so there's like nothing that you could absolutely do.


Here's what Donald Trump said when he was asked if the European Union agreeing to drop tariffs to zero would be enough to get a deal. And Trump says, Nope, it wouldn't here Play this clip. Mr. President you said, you said it has, has said that they have offered zero for zero tariffs on cars and industrial goods. Is is that not enough? Well, the Eu, no it's not. The EU has been very tough over the years. It was, I always say it was formed to really do damage to the United States in trade. That's the reason it was formed. It was formed with all of the countries from Europe, I guess most of them, not all of them, but most of them.


And they formed together to create a little bit of a monopoly situation to create a unified force against the United States for trade. So they have nato, which is largely the same countries, and they took advantage of US dollar wise and militarily until I got there. You know, I, I was able to get $600 billion from nato. Well, I mean, here's Howard Lutnick then going on TV and whining that Europe won't by our beef. You won by this. I mean just, just whiny. I mean, again, contrast the whis to like adult leadership from Prime Minister Carney.


Here, watch Howard Lutnick. Let's Play this clip right here. I mean, the European Union won't take chicken from America. They won't take lobsters from America. They hate our beef because our beef is beautiful and theirs is weak. Folks, just turning to Germany for a second. Germany economy, minister Robert hac taking a jab against Trump and Musk with these three key statements yesterday. The US calculations for their tariffs are nonsense. One, the US is now in a position of weakness. Two, we can hurt them in pharma. So he said we can hurt them in pharma. So then what did Donald Trump do?


Then Donald Trump said, okay, we're going to impose tariffs on pharma. That's what Trump said last night. We're gonna impose tariffs on pharma. Here's Trump saying that. Let's Play this clip, But we're gonna tariff our pharmaceuticals. And once we do that, they're gonna come rushing back into our country because we're the big market. The advantage we have over everybody is that we are the big market. So we're gonna be announcing very shortly a major tariff on pharmaceuticals. And when you, and when they hear that they will leave China, they will leave other places because they have to sell. Most of their product is sold here, Going to impose tariffs on pharma. Okay, Donald Trump.


So now Americans who need pharmaceuticals or else they're going to die or not going to be able to get the medication they need because of your irrational, destructive and outright stupid trade war. I also want to mention this here you have the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs saying, you know, could we be real here for a second? When JD Vance was saying that, that we borrow money from Chinese peasants to buy the things those Chinese peasants manufacture, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs called this ignorant and impolite.


Here he is saying that, here's the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs minister, let's play it. And again, do you just see how other world leaders are like behaving like with maturity while the Trump regime behaves like literal petulant babies? No offense to petulant babies, no offense to cornered rats. That's how the Trump regime is behaving, is cornered. Rats and petulant babies behave better. The futures are getting crushed. As of my recording of this, we'll see what happens when the market's actually open.


And let me leave you with this right here. This is Prime Minister Kearney again. Here he's talking about how Trump's now trying to attack Canadian lumber. Listen to what Prime Minister Carney has to say. Let's play it. Well, the US is trying to keep high quality, sustainable Canadian lumber out. We will use more of it here in our plan to double the pace of housing construction in this country over the course of the next 10 years. This is the most ambitious housing plan since the second World War. We will build our way outta the housing crisis. We will build our way out of the economic crisis.


We'll make housing more affordable in Canada. Once more, I Think you see how that leadership looks compared to whatever the heck Donald Trump's doing right there. Donald Trump is an embarrassment, a fool. Donald Trump is a sexual predator. He is a felon. He is a fraud. He is a bankrupt. He is a vile and despicable human being who's doing with the United States Economy, what he did to all of his bankrupt businesses in the past. We'll keep you posted with more here on the Midas Touch Network. Elbows up Canada. Oh by the way, a hundred percent made in Canada. Maple Midas gear@store.midastouch.com.


100% manufactured in Canada. We partner with Canadian manufacturers Maple Midas gear. Check it out@store.midastouch.com. Lemme know what you think. New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot midas touch.com.