
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two-factor authentication, strong passwords and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barker's. Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non Withable Bonus bets that expires seven days at receipt Restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Do more with up to five times more power, more versatility, and more features than any ordinary handheld trimmer. When you upgrade to a Dr. Trimmer mower from Dr. Power Equipment featuring all steel frames and adjustable handlebar oversized wheels, and the strongest trimmer cord on the market, a Dr. Trimmer lets you easily mow everywhere. A bladed mower can't. Visit dr power.com today and shop the sale.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on MO and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, and you could be next. With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere, without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, mantis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis x.com.


Imagine you're a business owner relying on a dozen different software programs. Each one disconnected, more expensive and more complicated than last. It can be incredibly stressful right now, picture odu ODU brings all the tools your business needs into one simple platform, CRM, accounting, inventory, manufacturing, marketing, HR, and more. All seamlessly connected. Everything works together, giving you the peace of mind that your business is running smoothly from every angle. Odus open source applications are user friendly and designed to scale with your business. Save you time and money. Say goodbye to juggling multiple platforms and hello to efficient integrated management. Stop wasting resources on complicated systems and make this switch to DU today. Visit du.com ODO o.com and discover how DU can simplify and streamline your business operations. Du modern management made simple.


India is absolutely furious at Donald Trump. Prime Minister Modi was ready to meet face-to-face with Donald Trump on Tuesday at the G seven to confront Donald Trump over serious issues that have made India absolutely furious. But as you know, Donald Trump was too cowardly to stay more than a few hours at the G seven. On Monday, Donald Trump quickly fled to his safe space back to his bunker in Washington DC after it was too difficult for him to be around responsible adult leaders at the G seven. Donald Trump did not meet with Prime Minister Modi, which was supposed to happen on Tuesday. He did not meet with Zelensky, which was supposed to happen on Tuesday.


He did not meet with Mexico's popular president, Claudia Scheinbaum on Tuesday, and other world leaders who had meetings set with him. So let me explain to you what Prime Minister Modi was going to confront Donald Trump about and how Prime Minister Modi spoke with Donald Trump by phone on Tuesday and yelled at Donald Trump and put Donald Trump in his place, and then had India's foreign minister deliver an address to the nation describing what went down on a 35 minute phone call with Donald Trump. Of course, the American press is not really covering this in detail here, although some are. So I wanna let you know what went down. So Prime Minister Modi is livid that Donald Trump keeps trying to take credit for the ceasefire in May between India and Pakistan.


This goes to the heart of India's sovereignty and India's pride in their military and the operations against terrorist bases. After the terrorist attack in the cashmere region, India says Pakistan reached out begging for a ceasefire after India's successful military strikes that it was a bilateral discussion and the Trump administration had absolutely nothing to do with it. If anything, India says the Trump administration was trying to basically pump up Pakistan and say that Pakistan's gonna come after you. Pakistan is ready to deliver a massive blow to you. To which India said our military dealt with that and the Trump regime did not do anything.


Also, Trump's personal family. Trump and his family did a crypto deal with the Pakistan government for millions and millions of dollars. And they announced that deal online, a organization, a company that the Trump family has about a 60% ownership in World Liberty Financial. They announced the following on April 28th, right around when those terrorist attacks and cashmere took place. So this again, this company's controlled by the Trump family. They say World Liberty Financial has officially signed a memorandum of understanding with Pakistan. It was an incredible experience meeting with the Pakistan Crypto council and the leader shaping the future of crypto.


We're proud to be building the Pakistan to drive innovation forward. This is just the beginning. So India is basically saying, look, the Pakistan Crypto Council is all about gaining personal influence with Donald Trump. And look what happened on Tuesday. Donald Trump hosted the Pakistani army chief. So Donald Trump met with Field Marshall Asim Uni, who is the chief of staff of the Pakistan army in the White House. And Modi could have met with Donald Trump in person on Tuesday. But when Modi heard, wait a minute, you're bringing the Pakistan chief of staff of their military into the White House.


And then they connected it with the crypto deal and were wondering, did that have anything to do with it? It could have been. And Modi was like, I'll do a phone call if you wanna do a phone call. So Trump then called Modi on Tuesday. So let me tell you what went down in that phone call right here. So I'm gonna show you a video right here. This is India's foreign secretary Vikram Messi and Vikram Messi first talks about how Donald Trump called Modi on Tuesday, how Modi and Trump were supposed to meet together at the G seven, but Donald Trump left first. Let's play this. The meeting between Prime Minister Modi and President Trump is set to take place on the sidelines of the group of seven summit.


President Trump had to return to America quickly, which is why this meeting did not happen. After this at President Trump's request, the two leaders spoke on the phone today, the conversation lasted approximately 35 minutes. Now in this next clip, I'm going to show you India's foreign secretary, Vikram Mauri. Here he talks about how Prime Minister Modi conveyed to Donald Trump in no uncertain terms. Stop saying that you did the ceasefire deal. You had nothing to do with it. Stop making it up. You had nothing to do with this negotiation.


Cut it out, stop it. You don't believe me. Here is the address to the Indian people by India's foreign secretary Vikram. We had to translate it into English so you can hear it on ai though. Hear it play this clip. Prime Minister Modi clearly told President Trump that during this entire episode, there was never any discussion at any level about an India US trade deal or US mediation between India and Pakistan. The discussion to halt military action occurred directly between India and Pakistan through existing channels between both armies and was made at Pakistan's request.


Prime Minister Modi family stated that India has neither accepted mediation, nor does it do so and never will do. There is complete political unanimity on this subject. In India, president Trump understood the details explained by the Prime Minister and expressed support for India's fight against terrorism. Prime Minister Modi also said that India now see terrorism not as a proxy war, but as a war. Now on Tuesday at the working session of the G seven that Trump was too cowardly to show up at Prime Minister Modi was mocking Donald Trump to the world leaders there.


Here, prime Minister Modi is speaking to French President Emmanuel Macron. And here Modi says, so I hear nowadays, Emmanuel Macron, you have to fight on Twitter. You're a Twitter fighter now. And they're mocking Donald Trump for his social media posts. Watch this. Nowadays you are a fighting good Twitter. Now I know that was a clip, a quick clip, so let me show it for you one more time. Let's play that clip right here. Nowadays you are a fighting good Twitter. Now I'll show you, this is an example of what India is very pissed about. And this is what led to that phone call on Tuesday that I just shared with you between the foreign minister of India or between Modi and Donald Trump and the foreign minister of India.


Explain what went down on the video that I showed you. So there's dozens of clips like this, but here is May 30th, 2025 where Donald Trump talks about the deal that he's most proud of is the India and Pakistan deal. 'cause they were gonna go to nuclear war. And Donald Trump said that he saved the day by dangling trade in front of them. Here, let's play this clip so you could hear it for yourself. Let's play it. I Think the deal I'm most proud of is the fact that we're dealing with India, we're dealing with Pakistan, and we were able to stop potentially a nuclear war through trade as opposed through bullets. You know, normally they do it through bullets, we do it through trade. So I'm very proud of that.


Nobody talks about it, but we had a very nasty potential war going on between Pakistan and India. And now if you look, they're doing fine. That was getting very bad. I was getting very nasty. They're both nuclear powers. The Pakistan representatives are coming in next week, and India, as you know, we're very close to making a deal with India. You had and I wouldn't have any interest in making a deal with either, if they were gonna be at war with each other, I would not. And I let him know.


Did you know that the liver is the second largest organ in your body? It's responsible for over 500 functions in your body, but for some reason, liver health doesn't always get the attention that it deserves. Dose for your liver was formulated to cleanse your liver of unwanted elements and a digestion and maintain your body's filter. Why does this matter? Well, your liver is the second largest organ in your body and is responsible for over 500 functions in your body. It acts as your body's filter flushing out unwanted elements and breaking down what you consume into essential nutrients. The liver produces and regulates cholesterol stores vitamins and minerals and impacts digestive and metabolic health amongst many other things. Doses science-backed formula promotes liver function aids, digestion, eases bloating, and even boosts energy levels. Clinical results in a double blind placebo controlled clinical trial dose for your liver, lower liver enzyme levels by 50% in over 86% of participants stick with dose and feel the incredible benefits over time with more energy, better digestion, reduced bloating, healthier liver enzyme function, reduction of brain fog, and better sleep. One dose for your liver shot is equivalent to 17 shots of turmeric, juice doses, gluten-free, dairy-free, sugar-free and vegan. Save 30% on your first month of subscription by going to dosedaily dot co slash Midas Plus or entering Midas Plus at checkout. That's D OSS ED co slash Midas Plus for 30% off your first month's subscription.


Now here's Donald Trump on May 12th, 2025, taking credit for it as well. So you can hear for yourself. Let's play it. And the strength and the wisdom and fortitude to fully know and to understand the gravity of the situation. And we helped a lot and we helped also with trade. I said, come on, we're gonna do a lot of trade with you guys. Let's stop it. Let's stop it. If you stop it, we'll do a trade. If you don't stop it, we're not gonna do any trade. People have never really used trade the way I used it that I can tell you. And all of a sudden they said, I think we're gonna stop. And they have, and they, they did it for a lot of reasons.


But trade is a big one. We're gonna do a lot of trade with Pakistan. We're gonna do a lot of trade with India. We're negotiating with India right now. We're gonna be soon negotiating with Pakistan. And we stopped a nuclear conflict. I think it would've, it could have been a bad nuclear war. Millions of people could have been killed. So I'm very proud of that. Now, even after the phone call on Tuesday with Prime Minister Modi earlier in the day on Wednesday when Donald Trump held that bizarre press conference announcing that he was building gigantic American flag, American flags with huge flag poles in the north and south lawn of the White House, Donald Trump said the following about Pakistan and India.


And he was saying how he deserves all of the credit and why the media doesn't give him enough credit for the deal even after he spoke to Modi. Here play this clip, Jim With the Pakistani army chief of staff. What are you look, what are you looking forward to achieving diplomatically at? Well, I stopped a war between Pakistan. I love Pakistan. I think Modi is a fantastic man. I spoke to him last night. We're gonna make a trade deal with, with Modi of India. But I stopped a war between Pakistan and India. This man was extremely influential in stopping it from the Pakistan side, Modi from the India side and others.


And they were going at it and they're both nuclear countries. I got it stopped. I don't think I had one story. Did I have one story written about I stopped the war between two major nations, major nuclear nations. I don't think I had a story written about it, but that's okay. You know why the people know, the people know Mr. Per, did anybody write that story about the war? Did anybody, did you write it? You write one. We all wrote it. Did you write it? Yeah, of course. Just one more. You wrote, when did patients went out with to get more involved adjustments that need to be made for Marine One departure? No, no. We put it so that Marine one is very far away. We did it in conjunction with the Air Force with everybody and everybody signed off on it.


We, no, we have to have it far away. It's very far from Marine one's out there. So in the field. So you have to have a certain distance. We're about three times that distance. Okay, thank you very much everybody. Thank you guys. So then later that day, and by the way, you heard Donald Trump referencing him, he was referring to the chief of staff of the Pakistani military field, Marshall Asim Uni. But then later in the day with the NTUs Football Club behind him when he was holding that other oppressor, here's what he said, went down. He says how it was an honor to meet the Pakistan chief of staff and what an honor it was. And here's what he says, let's play it. Reason I had him here. I wanted to thank him for not going into the war, just, you know, ending of the war.


And I want to thank, as you know, prime Minister Modi just left just a little while ago. Just left. And we're working a trade deal with India. We're working a trade deal with Pakistan. And they were both here, but I was with Modi a few weeks ago. He was here actually. But, but now we speak to him and I'm so happy there was a deal that two smart people plus, you know, they had people on their staff too. But two smart people, two very smart people decided not to keep going with that war. That could have been a nuclear war. Those are two nuclear powers, big ones. Big, big nuclear powers. And they decided, so I was, I was honored to meet him today.


Now during that same press conference, you have Donald Trump also, you know, lying and saying that Iran wants to show up at the White House. Iran wants to, you know, do this meeting with him at the White House. And again, it's just like Donald Trump creates these fictions and just makes up these conversations that don't take place. Play this clip. In the End, they decided not to do it, and now they wish they did it and they wanna meet, but it's, you know, it's a little late to meet, but they wanna meet and they wanna come to the White House. They'll even come to the White House. So, we'll see. I may, I may do that, but it's, it's a shame. It wasn't, could have been done the easy way. Now, Iran denied Trump's claim that they wanted a White House meeting.


This came from Iran's mission to the un quote, no Iranian official has ever asked to grovel at the gates of the White House. The only thing more despicable than his lies is his cowardly threat to take out Iran's Iran's supreme leader. Iran does not negotiate under duress, shall not accept peace under duress, and certainly not with has been war mongerer clinging to relevance. Now you remember Donald Trump did this with China. Remember when Donald Trump lied and said that he was having all of these conversations with Xi Jinping before he ever even had a conversation with Xi Jinping is like, of course we had conversations. Remember that? Here, play this clip. We're Talking, Have you already talked directly to President Cheek?


I don't wanna say that it's, it's just not, not appropriate to, but you're Speaking. Sorry. Has he called you directly, president Che or reached out to try to both get a conversation? Well, you think it was pretty obvious that he has, but we will talk about that soon. It's not that important because honestly, we're gonna have a deal. I believe we're gonna have a deal with China, and if we don't, we're gonna have a deal anyway because we're gonna set a certain target and that's gonna be It. And so finally, let me just play you one more time. That clip of Modi with the French president mocking Donald Trump for his Twitter posts here, play this clip. Nowadays we are a fight. Go Twitter.


So again, you hear India's foreign minister saying you didn't mediate anything, you had nothing to do with it. And that was a very critical address that India had to give to its people after all of Donald Trump's lies. You know, and one of the things that's actually becoming a major barrier to a trade deal with India at this point is Donald Trump's continued lies over and over again about being, is about doing the ceasefire. And that he was responsible for it. And India's begging for trade, you know, and India's like, look, we're a sovereign nation. You know, we, we did this, our military was involved. Stop trying to be the central figure in in our world. You, you had nothing to do with it.


It, and, and that's Trump's mo in everything. I think California governor Gavin Newsom said that as well. You know, Trump either creates problems or then invents fictitious worlds where he becomes his own Marvel superhero, where he's really the villain in, in the sovereign affairs of other countries or just in the developments of the world. Or he just injects himself in things that are not things that he's doing and, and he's getting mocked internationally. Well, tell me what you think, but I thought it was important to lay that all out in a way that you probably haven't seen anywhere else on American media. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Can't get enough Midas Plus check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.


We are celebrating 20 years of business And US Bank have been there every step of the way from our minivans and now our 10,000 square foot location. I'm Michelle Marino. I'm Denise Kotter. We're co-owner of Hounds Tooth House. Hounds Tooth House is located in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. We were told early on, surround yourself by people that you work well with and US Bank was a great partner. US Bank is small enough to care and big enough to make a difference.