
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See d cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem drive.com today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. Oh, what nice. My, they have my favorite brand. It's like a whole new bu I give buy two. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great bridge? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


If Donald Trump did anything, he woke us up. Sucks to be Donald. Once Canada wakes up. Sucks to be you. Yeah, That is Canadian legend. Charlie Angus, who served as a member of Parliament. He was speaking there in Cumberland, British Columbia gave an incredible speech there as part of his resistance tour. More on that in a bit. I want to talk though about generally how Canada is striking back. They are tip of the spear in the fight against the authoritarian Trump regime and they've really inspired the entire world in the international resistance against the Trump regime.


So elbows up, shout out to the Maple Midas out there. And also thanks for the shout outs we've been getting in that resistance tour. We greatly appreciate it. Let's talk about how Canada has been leading the world in the international resistance against the Trump regime and cornering Donald like the little cornered rat that he is. No offense to cornered rats who behave far better than the way Trump is behaving. A few things we should chat about. And then I want to talk a little bit more about Angus's speech. I mean the first is Canada really showed the way with the boycott of all things American, the boycott of American products, the boycott of American tourism.


And there are, you know, the towns that rely on Canadian tourism, they're really getting hit. But overall the American tourism industry is getting crushed. Vegas is getting crushed. I've seen various reports that tourism from Canada to the United States is down anywhere from 40 to about 85% depending on the area and which study you review. I think it's towards the higher end of that. More like 85% is my view, but definitely more than 50%. But what we're seeing right now is the number of Europeans traveling to the US also cratering, they are following the lead of Canada. Something I want to point out as well is that earlier in March, Canada began selling some of the United States treasury bonds that they ha were holding.


Prime Minister Kearney is a banker, probably the top economist in the world. He previously led the Bank of Canada, got Canada through the Great Recession with the soft landing in the mid two thousands, and then also helped as he led the Bank of England as the governor of the Bank of England after Brexit and really helped the United Kingdom then. And so Carney understands the way the treasury markets work. He understands how dependent the United States is on its bonds being viewed as a safe haven for money throughout the world. Right now, as of this recording, United States treasury yields are going through the roof showing significant instability.


In other words, our bond markets are imploding as others appear to be following the lead of what Canada did in early March. Now, I've seen some reports out there that there were these secret meetings held between Prime Minister Kearney and leaders in Europe. When Kearney went to Europe back on March 17th, I, I can't independently confirm that there were secret meetings or that Kearney specifically instructed European leaders and the rest of the world how to dump bonds in a way that wouldn't, in a way that wouldn't be seen as kind of, you know, so obvious. But that would have the intended effect of causing pain.


But nonetheless, there was Canadian bond sales or there were Canadian bond sales in early March. So I'll let you do with that data what you want to do, but I think that's important. And then of course, end of March you had Prime Minister carne, one of his speeches. Talk about though how European leaders like Prime Minister Kiir Starr of the UK were reaching out to him and saying, you know what, Canada, you are right. We're gonna go gloves off here, we're gonna go elbows up here in Europe, in the UK and other places and, and we gotta follow your lead. Just here's Prime Minister and Kearney saying that Play this clip. I was speaking earlier today with the UK Prime Minister, prime Minister Starr.


He gave me a call he wanted to speak because he has come to the same conclusion that we came to a few months ago. Yeah, yeah. Finally. Yeah. Well it's okay. Better late than never. Better late than never, but that the world has changed and that our old relationship with the United States is over is over. Just to share some other stories with you here, like this one from Global News, the Maple Leaf belongs us tourist locations desperate for Canadians to return.


I mean, it's talking about how, you know here in Palm Springs in California, they're heavily dependent on Canadian tourism and they've seen like a total drop Whatcom County, Washington basically saying, you know, nobody, no Canadians are showing up at all. It's like a ghost town right now. You also have Prime Minister Kearney announcing something called a strong pass, again, further kind of fueling Canadian unity. And it goes on to talk about how with Trump threatening our economy and sovereignty, Canadians are uniting to find new ways to discover and celebrate our beautiful country. So many Canadians are cutting back vacations to the United States and instead making memories here at home.


Showing our Canadian pride. Today, mark Carney's liberal party announced a new Canada strong pass so kids and young families can better discover and celebrate Canada over the summer. This builds on our announcement to connect Canadians with nature by making access to national parks and historic sites free for everyone this summer. The Canada Strong Pass will provide children and youth under the age of 18 with free access to Canada's incredible national galleries and museums and free seats on the rail system when they travel with their parents. And they're gonna work with provinces to extend this as well. It's not uncommon if you are traveling in Canada to see something like this, like this is from the Toronto Public Library.


It goes on to say buy locals support Canadian small businesses Victory loan. Every dollar spent in Canada, by the way, you take a look at what Elon Musk's brother Kimball Musk is saying about the sale of US treasuries, of of US bonds. Foreigners are selling US treasuries. The trade war must end and soon the yen, the Euro and the Canadian dollar growing in value interest rates for our debt is going higher. This is not the goal. We have a massive deficit in higher interest rates, means higher debt payments and we're trying to refinance our debt Americas in April and May we want our interest rates to go down. I talked about Whatcom County, what's going on there as well.


And also I think this is an important point to note the by Canadian movement is not only causing pain on the us, it's great for Canada. A BMO economist are saying that the by Canadian movement could serve as like $10 billion in stimulus to Canada and add $10 billion to the Canadian economy. Alright, let me show you a little bit of Charlie Angus's speech in Cumberland now because I think it ties all of that together. Here is, here is Charlie Angus right here and here he calls out Rogan and the propaganda machine. Here Play this clip. I am, when we need to know our history, we need to know our stories because our stories are being denied to us by a thug who lives down in Mar-a-Lago who says, we don't even have a right to a country.


Woo. And his loser friends like Joe Rogan and said, well maybe if Canada had ever had an army. Yeah, Joe, you wanna mess with our guys and gals any day, Joe, come on. No, but he won't come to Canada anymore. He says he's going to Russia. Good. You Putin troll. Here's Charlie Angus again, let me Play this clip Because it's conjured up something in us that we'd let lie dormant. I'll tell you what I was afraid of. What I was afraid of way more than Donald Trump was that we were sleepwalking to disaster.


For the last three years, I have lived with this dread of us sleepwalking that we were disconnected from one another, that we came out of COV and we were cranky. And we heard that relentless beating of the mega maple drum. Canada is broken, Canada is broken, Canada is broken. And I knew we weren't broken. We're not, there's a Canada Exactly, but there's a Canada that lives in my mind that I knew that I traveled and I knew communities like this existed. I remember being here and thinking, but they're good people. We're not broken, but we were sleepwalking.


And if Donald Trump did anything, he woke us up. Sucks to be Donald. Once Canada wakes up, sucks to be you. Yeah, exactly. And then we began to see something happening. And what's really, really powerful is that the resistance did not come from leaders. It came from you. Yes. It came from ordinary people who just were not going to let our democracy be taken away by thugs who are not going. Let fascists like Elon Musk decide what services we had and what services were going to be taken away.


And we were never ever gonna give up a country as beautiful as this to gangsters. And it was ordinary people who gave me the determination and the awareness that we were going to get through this. I'll tell you about my mom. Okay? My mom's a coal miner's daughter, so my mom phones me to, you know, early on in the Trump stuff. She said she's going through a snow storm in her with her walker. And this woman came up and offered to help my mom. My mom says, oh, don't worry, I got this thing. And then the woman said, do you think we'll get through with Donald Trump?


And my mom said to her, I'll eat root vegetables. I don't need any of their damn asparagus. I'll eat root vegetables. We've been through this before. We'll get through this again. And I get that not just from people like my mom, I get this from all kinds of people. This is the Canadian way. It's the Juno Beach gene. You know, we don't stop until the job is done. If there was a crappy job in the war, they gave it to Canadians all the time, and Canadians got the job done. We come from a long line of fascist fighters, right? And we're gonna fight the fascist today. We are never ever, ever, ever, ever gonna give ground to fascists.


Finally, here's another great part of Charlie Angus's speech in Cumberland. Let's play it. Kim, Taken on has a huge, powerful impact. Don't ever think it doesn't. When you refuse to buy American, when you refuse to visit America, you are putting economic pressure that they weren't expecting because they thought that we were chumps, right? They thought we were chumps. And then we said, yeah, just try it. And then Pete Navarro came out and said, whoa, Canada, stop with all that hockey talk. You're freaking us out. He's like, man, dude. Like we haven't even started yet and we haven't even set the women's team on the ice.


You know? They could be really on the run, you know? Yeah. Because the thing is, yeah, he says he thinks there's this tap that they're gonna turn on, you know? And they're gonna take our water and they're gonna take our critical minerals. There's nothing else they say they want from us. Yeah. They say they don't need anything, but there's something they do need to take from us. They need to take our decency, they need to take our sense of the rule of law and democracy, because having a nation run by a pack of incel white men freaks.


They're freaked out by us. Right. They're freaked out. I mean, what are their terms that they're so terrified of being woke? Like what? They woke up one morning and it was a terrible thing. Yeah. Well if I was you, Donald Trump, when I woke up and I was in your skin eye, think being woke would be pretty bad too. I'd go I'd, I'd try and sleep as long as I could. You know? And then they're freaked out by being Antifa. Right? That was their, their last thing. Well, yeah. Damn right. We're antifascists. Yeah, my uncle's kicked ass all over Europe. We'd do it again if we had to. So yeah, we're Antifa.


Yeah. I always like highlight, highlighting Charlie Angus, his resistance tour is going great. That was in Cumberland, British Columbia. I know he's going to, he'll be in Alberta soon as well. A great, it's a great, great tour that he's running right there. And appreciate, he's given us a few shout outs there. So thanks Charlie. Thanks Maple. Midas as well for the Lu in Canada. We appreciate you. Also, we have the Maple Midas gear, 100% made in manufactured in Canada, of course, at store, Midas Touch dot com, store dot Midas Touch dot com. Thanks Maple. Midas, we appreciate you. Thanks Midas mighty, thanks for watching and great work. Charlie Angus, what a great speech you gave in Cumberland. Brilliant, brilliant stuff.


Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million together, new Midas Plus merch. Drop. Check out the latest pro democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Job Midas Touch dot com.