
Parents of tweens. If you're familiar with far off drop-offs, dad, Stop, stop, stop right Here. Or get DMS about what's for dinner. You may be experiencing tween milestones for your son or daughter. These can start at age nine HPV vaccination, A type of cancer prevention against certain HPV related Cancers can start then too For most HPV clears on its own, but for those who don't clear the virus, it can cause certain cancers later in life. Embrace This phase. Help protect them in the next ask Their doctor today about HPV vaccination, brought to you by Merck.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply.


Get downtown the easy way aboard Amtrak with all the leg room and none of that middle seat stuff driving just doesn't track. Learn more@amtrak.com. Amtrak Retrain Travel.


This podcast is supported by Progressive, a leader in RV insurance. RVs are for sharing adventures with family, friends, and even your pets. So if you bring your cats and dogs along for the ride, you'll want progressive RV insurance. They protect your cats and dogs like family by offering up to $1,000 in optional coverage for vet bills in case of an RV accident, making it a great companion for the responsible pet owner who loves to travel, see Progressive's other benefits and more when you quote RV insurance@progressive.com. Today, progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates, pet injury is on additional coverage and subject to policy terms.


Attention sports enthusiasts. Keep the adrenaline pumping and elevate your game day. With Chumba Casino, it's completely free to play no purchase necessary, whether you're cheering from the stands on the move, or relaxing at home. Chumba Casino brings the thrill of social casino directly to your fingertips. Experience the ultimate social casino adventure with reels of casino style games, offering hundreds of exciting options to choose from and fresh new releases every week. There's always something new and thrilling to explore from action packed social slots and classic blackjack to engaging bingo in solitaire. The fun never stops. Plus, enjoy generous daily login bonuses and a fantastic free welcome bonus to kickstart your social gaming journey. Dive into the excitement. Discover a world where you can play for your chance to redeem some serious prizes and have a blast along the way. Don't miss out. What are you waiting for? Join now and immerse yourself in nonstop fun and adventure with Chumba Casino. Get in on the action today@chambascasino.com and make every day a chumba day, professor VW 18


And no criminal fascist gangster, and as Mussolini friends are gonna come in and decide what our relationship on our land, on our resources is going to be decided, we will decide that future because we will decide that together because that's the journey we're on. Elbows Up Canada. That was former member of Parliament Charlie Angus speaking in Edmonton, Alberta to a packed crowd right there, and he was not mincing words. By the way, I've gotten my story of Chap mania, the story of Chapman ice cream right here. You know, I love my Canadian products and of course my Chapman ice cream.


Let's talk about some of the headlines how Canada is just putting the dagger into the Trump regime. As Charlie Angus says, on the front lines of the resistance internationally, we see headlines like this, America's struggling wine industry is getting crushed by global tariffs, plus Canada's retaliation to them. Even if the tariffs were to be reversed tomorrow, one wine business leader said it would take at least a year, if not longer for my industry to recover. It's showing that Canada's boycott on all things American and boycotting American tourism is working and Canada set that example.


Now for the rest of the world, I think we're seeing around a 90 billion plus dollar revenue hit to the United States from the boycotts caused by the Trump regime's maltreatment of the international community and our allies, and let's just call it what it is, threatening war and annexation of our allies. Just take a listen to this. Canada's break from American made wine and the Trump administration's global tariffs have compounded the struggles of the United States already stressed wine industry to the point that it may be difficult for much of it to come back from it at all. An American wine organization leader told NBC News Canada is the single most important export market for US wines with retail sales in excess of $1.1 billion annually.


Robert Koch, the California Wine Institute's president and CEO said in a statement, and look, that's one of the reasons why California's governor, Gavin Newsom went out there and said, and tried to sue Donald Trump for the tariffs and he's trying to get Canada's business back into California, but Canadians are saying, look, we're not doing it because Donald Trump has threatened a war on Canada. He said, we're gonna be the 51st date Canada's strong, Canada, United. The boycott persists. That's what Canadians are saying. I mean, take a look at this data as well as posted by Spencer A and Chinese purchases of American oil down significantly.


Canadian oil up as international buyers of oil and other things are looking elsewhere other than the United States. I love seeing these never 51 jerseys in these stands in Canada. I also love seeing in the 50 51 protests across America and the rest of the world that took place over this weekend. Although you wouldn't know from watching corporate news that there were millions of protesters out there. You would know that from watching the Midas Touch Network. I love seeing signs like this, hands off Canada and again, signs like that in the US United States Pro-democracy movement stands in solidarity with Canada. We understand you gotta do what you gotta do.


The way we understand Europe and elsewhere gotta do what they gotta do. To stand up to this guy right here who spent the weekend Donald Trump roaming around his golf course pretending that he was going to Easter services, which he was not, and posting deranged message after deranged message wearing a hat that says Gulf of America. By the way, did you catch this article from Politico? It chronicles a guy by the name of Jim Doodie right here. You see him right here. We didn't even see the border until now. How Trump has driven Canadians and Americans apart Trump's punishing tariffs have big implications for the upcoming Canadian election.


You think, you think, here's what it says. The mayor of Niagara Falls in Canada is not American, but he's so close. Jim d ODI has an almost American accent. American cousins and American best friends. You go on to read it and it says, D Datis affinity for all things. American was one so strong that he would have voted for Donald Trump. It talks about how he loved the art of the deal. He was a big Trump fan. Apparently he even liked Trump winning the second time. I don't really understand that at all. Dati not gonna lie. That's kind of lame, kind of was is doing a lot of work right there. Dodi's new posture towards the US president is evident on the mantle piece in his office where DDI has prominently displayed two hats.


Canada is not for sale and 51 with a line through it. They sit next to some other decor cannonballs from the war of 1812. The last time the United States, the United States tried unsuccessfully to conquer Canada in an armed conflict. Also, it should be noted that one of the things that, one of the other leaks that came out this weekend, Trump mulling a major overhaul of the US State Department where it would basically shrink all of its offices and diplomatic staff in Canada. And again, that's one of the precursors to the very adverse and hostile actions that the Trump regime is taking towards Canada and elsewhere from the globe and Mail home suite, home tariff, chaos has made many companies consider moving to the us but these ones are, are going all in on Canada.


Instead, it's the Canadian businesses staying in Canada ain't going to the United States, in other words. Alright, let's take a look at that first video I played for you right here. This is Charlie Angus in his stop in Edmonton, Alberta for his resistance to our elbows up. Charlie, here's what Charlie has to say. Play this clip right here And no criminal fascist gangster and his Mussolini friends are gonna come in and decide what our relationship on our land, on our resources is going to be decided. We will decide that future because we will decide that together because that's the journey we're on And I had the ability to interview Charlie Angus before this weekend.


Let me show you what he said to me. Play this clip. I think what's really concerning is that an idiot like Trump has been allowed to monkey wrench the global economy without anybody stepping in and saying, whoa, Donald, what the heck are you doing when we see him? Taring, poor Madagascar, because Madagascar doesn't buy enough product from the United States. Madagascar is too poor to buy product from the United States, but they offer Americans cheap chocolates. Donald Trump picks a fight with them. The on again, off again, tariffs in terms of auto, nobody even knows where that stands right now. South Dakota is freaking out. North Dakota, the the farmers in Montana, because you have an integrated border in terms of ag trade, $70 billion, all that's in chaos right now.


I think he's pushing us towards a major, definitely an American recession, probably a global recession and maybe a depression if he doesn't step back. But it's up and down and, and the thing that really strikes me about Trump and his crew is they're really, really tough until you stand up to them and then they blink. And that's certainly what's happened with Canada, and Canada has been very strong. And then they come back at it a second and a third time. The feeling I'm getting from Canadians is they don't care what Trump does next. We're gonna do what we are going to do. We're looking to rebuild our economy and we're gonna do it without our former ally, our former friend, our former partner. We're gonna have to take steps that we're gonna take because we simply cannot trust the the American regime anymore.


Anywhere worth going is worth going in? Good boots. Find your perfect pair with Kovas. Ever wondered if you can pull off boots with your personal style? Well, you owe it to your feet to pull on a pair of kovas. Being confident isn't about being different. It's about being yourself. Find comfort in the traditions of the west and confidence for making it your own. Honor the West by leaving your own boot print. Kovas crafts, quality Western boots for everyone. From generational ranchers and lifelong cowboys to first time boot buyers. Every one of Kovas boots are handcrafted with over 200 meticulous steps for broken in comfort right out of the box. Whether it's a long day or a big night, your kovas are built to last and impress. There's no compromise between quality and style. Look, I can't even begin to tell you just how comfortable my kovas are and I'll admit it, I was a little skeptical at first, but these kovas are something special. Plus with Kovas Best in the West guarantee, you get free returns and exchanges for 30 days. Right now get 10% off at tova.com/midas when you sign up for email and text, that's 10% off at TECO vs.com/midas tecovas.com/midas. See site for details. Tecovas, point your toes west.


Here's another clip of what Charlie Angus had to say to me. Let's play it. I think what's really concerning is that an idiot like Trump has been allowed to monkey wrench the global economy without anybody stepping in and saying, whoa, Donald, what the heck are you doing when we see him? Taring, poor Madagascar, because Madagascar doesn't buy enough product from the United States. Madagascar is too poor to buy product from the United States, but they offer Americans cheap chocolates. Donald Trump picks a fight with them. The on again, off again, tariffs in terms of auto, nobody even knows where that stands right now. South Dakota is freaking out. North Dakota, the the farmers in Montana, because you have an integrated border in terms of ag trade, $70 billion, all that's in chaos right now.


I think he's pushing us towards a major, definitely an American recession, probably a global recession and maybe a depression if he doesn't step back. But it's up and down and and the thing that really strikes me about Trump and his crew is they're really, really tough until you stand up to them and then they blink. And that's certainly what's happened with Canada. And Canada has been very strong. And then they come back at it a second and a third time. The feeling I'm getting from Canadians is they don't care what Trump does next. We're gonna do what we are going to do. We're looking to rebuild our economy and we're gonna do it without our former ally, our former friend, our former partner. We're gonna have to take steps that we're gonna take because we simply cannot trust that the American regime anymore.


Let me show you one more great moment from that speech of Charlie Angus and Edmonton, Alberta. Let's play this clip, Right? They cannot stand that on the largest on guarded border in the world. There's a country that lives by the rule of law, a country that lives by a now a term that they hate more than anything. DEI, diversity, equity, inclusion. That's what defines us and that's what we're going to defend. And they will not take that from us.


I can tell you, I've talked to organizations working with youth who do cross North America events who've been told they have to change the language here in Canada to say, not nothing about inc. Inclus inclusivity because it'll affect possible American funding. I've talked to people from universities in Canada for when they're holding talks Have then you had Mark Carney, prime Minister of Canada's running for the Prime Minister. He's during this caretaker period. Snap elections are take place April 28th. There's already the early polling that's been open.


He's in Nepean, Ontario right here and here he is talking about, you know, we don't like Donald Trump here in Canada. And you can hear how the crowd feels about Trump. Let's play it. You know, This is the most consequential vote of our lifetimes because President Trump has ignited a trade war that is ruptured, ruptured, ruptured. No, we don't like Trump here. We don't like Trump here. Ruptured the global economy and changed forever. Our relationship with the United States. That old relationship is over unfor, unfortunately 51, never 51, never 51.


It's a tragedy. It is a tragedy, but it's the new reality. We're the best. And we're responding. We are responding with purpose and with force also bat we, we are fighting. We are fighting back with tariffs of our own that are causing maximum damage in the United States with minimum impact here. We are protecting, we are protecting our workers by taking all the dollars.


Steve is counting. Steve McKinnon is counting all the dollars from those tariffs and he's making sure that they are going to the workers and the businesses most affected by Trump unjustified trade deal. And above all, we are building, we are building Canada strong. Yeah, It's another great moment from that speech. Let's play it. We didn't ask for this fight. We're finish it. Finish, but yeah, exactly. But Canadians are always ready when someone drops the gloves and in in a trade war. In a trade war, just like in hockey, we will win.


You know, Charlie Angus says, elbows up. You know, you, you hear the crowd there as well in Nepean, Ontario. How pissed people are at Donald Trump there. There's record early voter turnout in Canada already. It's breaking all records. People seem fired up and I think one of the things that they want to avoid there, and you tell me what you think is that the leader of the Conservative party, this guy Pierre Pev, is Maple Maga. I mean, this was a guy who did all of the right wing podcast, the Elon Musk promotion tour.


You know, it's interesting that Angus is in Alberta led by the premier Danielle Smith, and she was serving as basically an emissary for Pierre Pev. She's Maple Mag as well. She was the only premier who really wasn't united with all of the others. She went down to Mar-a-Lago to kiss the gangster's ring. As Charlie Angus likes to say, she tried to deliver messages to have Trump interfere with the elections in Canada. She got busted for that, working with Pierre pev there. Here's, here's a quick video that was just put out on the f Let's play this clip. Could you tell us like, can you point to some people who will be key in your administration?


And we've got new newcomers like Jamil Giovanni While enrolled at Yale Law School, Vance met Jamil Giovanni, the conservative MP was elected to parliament in a by-election earlier this year. They are in Giovanni's word best friends, My friend JD Vance. There is no way that Canada can win a trade war with the United States because You don't boo the new United States of America and to Canada. If you guys don't win, the tariffs are even higher. Well, You, you could judge for yourself. Folks, let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Go into 5 million subscribers here. Appreciate your support Canada. We've got all the the Maple Midas gear, of course@store.midastouch.com.


A hundred percent made in Canada, a hundred percent manufactured in Canada, a hundred percent distributed in Canada. Check it out. Hit subscribe. New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more All at store. Do Midas touch.com.