
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two-factor authentication, strong passwords and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms apply.


This podcast is brought to you by Carvana. Customizable, fast, easy, all words Carvana. Customers have used to describe buying and financing their car with Carvana. We wanna make your car financing journey hassle free. Carvana has thousands of affordable cars, transparent pricing and customizable terms. We do everything in our power to give you the power to find finance and buy the perfect car. Go to carvana.com to finance your car today. Terms may apply.


Every idea starts with a problem. Warby Parker's was simple. Glasses are too expensive, so they set out to change that. By designing glasses in-house and selling directly to customers, they're able to offer prescription eyewear that's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Warby Parker glasses are made from premium materials like impact resistant polycarbonate and custom acetate, and they start at just $95, including prescription lenses. Get glasses made from the good stuff. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my bests in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 plus in Impress, in Virginia must be first online real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER


Uhoh Donald, you pissed off Pope Leo the 14th. You don't want to do that. Donald Pope Leo the 14th is furious at Donald Trump and he is taking action from the Vatican to help the migrants in the United States who are being viciously targeted by the Trump regime, ripped away from their families, treated like trash as ice agents tackle 'em and pumble him on the ground and engage in mass deportation in the most cruelest form. Let me tell you what Pope Leo the 14th specifically did on Friday, which is International Refugee Day.


So Pope Leo the 14th appointed a new bishop, someone by the name of Michael Fam. Now the newly appointed bishop. Bishop fam wrote a letter on June 11th asking fellow men of cloth in the San Diego area throughout the United States and elsewhere to come and join him on June 20th International Refugee Day. And there were about 16 other very prominent leaders in the Catholic church who joined him. They went to the San Diego courthouses and they were ready to confront the ice agents, the DHS agents who would normally be waiting in the courthouses to attack the migrants like we've been seeing take place across the United States.


This operation launch by Pope Leo the 14th and led in San Diego by Michael Fam was highly successful and nobody got attacked. Nobody got captured by ice. Ice backed off as a result of this operation led by Pope Leo the 14th who appointed Michael Fam, our friend Pablo. Monique wrote the following videos are now surfacing on social media of ice agents quietly leaving immigration courts in San Diego, empty handed after Bishop Michael Fam made good on his promise to escort migrants to their appointments on World Refugee Day.


So here was the letter that Michael Fam from the Diocese of San Diego wrote to other men of cloth after being directed to do this by Pope Leo the 14th in the Vatican, who's furious at Trump's behavior. At Trump's just treatment of migrants. Dehumanization is the word that I'm looking for. So here was the June 11th letter. Let's go through what went down. Dear fellow priests, deacons and ministry leaders of parishes on the morning of June 20th, which is International Refugee Day, a group of priests and faith leaders are planning to visit the federal court building to stand in solidarity with migrants who are making their court appearances.


We know that migrants and refugees find themselves in the difficult predicament of being called to appear, which is what the government asks of them, and then being given orders for expedited removal from our country. This group of priests and faith leaders will simply be present during this process at it as it has been experienced that the presence of faith leaders makes a difference in how migrants are treated. Unfortunately, it will most likely not change the outcome following the court appearances. The faith leaders will have a press conference so that the clear message is sent that people of faith stand with immigrants and refugees and that that can be delivered to the broader public.


They will gather at 7:00 AM and conclude by 10:00 AM. If you feel moved to participate, please notify any of the following. Being president will be a good way for us to give witness and stand with immigrants on a day on which across the diocese, we will celebrate a mass at our various parishes dedicated to our immigrant, immigrant brothers and sisters. Gratefully yours, Michael Fam is one of the signatories now CBS eight and San Diego and others were there and they are reporting that due to Bishop Michael FM's presence in the courtroom. In effect, cases of migrants were postponed.


Nobody was deported, nobody was grabbed, nobody was attacked by ice agents. They would not go near the bishop. Let me share with you what went down as Bishop Michael Fam, auxiliary bishops and priest in the diocese of San Diego. Here they are celebrating mass. Before joining migrants in federal court, FA was the first bishop in the US appointed by Pope Leo the 14th. Let's show you this clip right here.


Now I wanna remind you that San Diego has been a hotbed for ice activity. Ice has been trying to rip families apart in San Diego. ICE has been trying to provoke the community of San Diego. ICE has showed up, militarized raiding restaurants and factories and trying to attack people on the streets, going through peaceful communities in San Diego. Let me show you right here of what went down a few weeks back in the South Park area of San Diego, to remind you why this is a particularly important area that Pope Leo the 14th has been very focused on.


Here, play this clip. Guys, You Now, here is another video right here of residents in San Diego.


This was a few weeks back as well in early June, basically pushing back on these ice agents and these federal military, I almost looked like a paramilitary group. Watch what happens when the community confronts them. Play this clip. Shane. Shade, shade. Big shade, shade. Shade. Shame, shame, shame, shame, shame, shame, shame, shame, shame, shame. Back up. Yeah, back up. That's right.


That's right. Back the fuck up. Back up. You guys are fucking get the fuck outta here. Get fucking fucking Get the fuck. Get the fuck out. Fucking cowards. Cowards. Fucking cowards. Nazi fucking coward.


Are you sick of drinking your calories of waking up hungover? Having some drinks can be fun, but I'm glad I found an alternative that lets me feel great in the moment and the next morning out of office. Gummies from Soul. Soul is a wellness brand that believes feeling good should be fun and easy. Soul specializes in delicious hemp derived THC and CBD products designed to boost your mood and help you unwind their bestselling out of office gummies. Were designed to provide a mild relaxing buzz, boost your mood, and enhance creativity and relaxation. They come in four different strengths so you can find the perfect dose for your vibe from a gentle microdose to a fully lit experience. And if you like the gummies, you've gotta try their new out of office beverage. An alcohol-free alternative, perfect for summer. Sipping Plus Soul has so many other amazing wellness products with or without THC, including a variety of gummies and capsules that can improve sleep, stress, pain, focus, bloating and more. Bring on the good vibes and treat yourself to soul. Today, right now Soul is offering my audience 30% off your entire order. Just go to get so.com and use the code Midas, that's get so.com promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for 30% off.


Now let me share with you what has typically been going down when the bishops were not there. What'll normally happen is ICE will send out a letter to people who have court appearances or they will ask people, Hey, you need to show up to renew your application. Or people will just show up to court and then maybe someone is, they have to use the restroom or whatever. But then the ice agents are hiding in the courthouse, they're wearing their masks. 'cause now in the United States we have mask, Gestapo, Allah, the KKK, Allah, Nazi Germany, and these ice agents are waiting in bushes, they're waiting in bathroom stalls, they're hiding in communities and they tackle you and they throw you to the ground.


They beat you even if you're an American citizen. If, if you look a certain way. We've been seeing that happen. I'll show you with an American citizen in a second. But here's what went down when ice agents were waiting outside of a bathroom, A woman shows up for court, she's going through her paperwork and the ice agents wait for her and then, and then arrest her and then get ready to send her out of the country and separate her from her family. Here play this clip.


Yeah. Yeah. So you're just gonna go in the bathroom. Cool. Here's the, Now here's a just an example of ice going after American citizens. This isn't in San Diego, but this is, this happened, this the the other day.


But this is like what they'll do. They'll go after, they'll try to beat you and then if you like speak English and then you show 'em your id, then they'll like just walk away. They wear their masks after pummeling you to the ground. Here, watch this clip. Are you running? Huh? He said he's a US citizen. He said he's a US citizen. Hell man. Nothing wrong. Exactly, bro. Now here's how the times of San Diego reports it. On World Refugee Day masked immigrant agents weren't leaning against the off-white walls waiting to grab people.


They scattered Friday after seeing a clergy delegation led by Bishop elect Michael Fam Ken Stone from the Times of San Diego. Hat tip to you Ken recovering this. This eight immigration courts lined the fourth floor hallway of the downtown Edward Schwartz Federal building on the walls boot prints of ice agents. But on World Refugee Day, massed immigration agents weren't leaning against the off-white walls waiting to grab people. They scattered Friday after seeing a clergy delegation led by Bishop elect Michael Fam like the story of Moses and Exodus, the Red Sea parted said Observer.


Scott Reed on the Immigrant Aiding San Diego organizing Project said another observer we've never seen the hallways cleared out so quickly the result nobody was detained as immigration lawyers said it would happen. Two cases were heard Friday morning by Judge Catherine, Kate Holiday Roberts, a man whose case was continued and a woman whose case had been administratively closed for 20 years and reopened by the government. Her case also was continued. Jesuit priest, Scott San Rosa, pastor of Our Lady of Guadalupe Parish in San Diego, brief Camera Cruz and other media members who weren't allowed into the federal building.


Several reporters entered, including me, but didn't view the court proceedings. Our presence made a difference. Santa Rosa said, quoting an immigration lawyer saying their client was given more time to prepare for another hearing any other day said a local activist, two to four immigrants would be detained by immigration and customs enforcement and taken away in vans operated by private prison core civic. In fact, at least two white vans were parked on an adjacent street with no license plate, but padlocks on the side doors. Bishop fam himself a Vietnamese refugee as a child said ice agents were standing there covered with masks as we walked toward the courtroom.


Eventually the agents scattered and went away. No wonder people come in. Fear fam continued the mission of his predecessor. Cardinal Robert McElroy, also an outspoken advocate for immigrants. Before leaving to be the Archbishop of Washington DC Fam said a government lawyer struck up a chat in the restroom. He introduced himself to me. Fam told reporters he feels conflicted with the situation. He knows his morals and his values. It goes on to talk about how the Reverend Santa Rosa said masked ice agents were an intimidating presence despite the fact that federal court staff were very accommodating.


Immigrants said they came with great fear and trepidation. The Reverend Manny del Rio of St. John of Cross and Lemon Grove echoed others. It was evidence that our presence made a difference. That was one of the last peaceful times in a long time with no immigrants being detained. Besides 10 clergy members in the press, at least a dozen activists assembled outside the building and handed out sheets in English and Spanish titled Know Your Rights. All things are Possible with God. Santa Rosa told the Times of San Diego, this is a need that arises. I think we could conceivably come up with, with a schedule where some priests could be court witnesses and accompany immigrants.


Very powerful, powerful stuff right there into our international audience who's witnessing the fascism in America as masked agents are all throughout our streets now, looking at people who, with brown skin or, or black skin or whatever, and tackling them, pummeling them to the ground, disappearing human beings off the street. Here in the United States, there's full fledged fascism taking place in our country, full fledged authoritarianism. It's not a constitutional crisis. We're we're beyond that. America is ruled by a dictator, a a idiotic one too. I mean all idiotic, but a specifically stupid dictator.


And we have a gestapo, we have a secret police masked officers attacking communities and, and going in and conducting raids. And no wonder tourism to the United States is, is plummeting. And you know, obviously you see a furious pope at the Vatican who's always been someone, Pope Leo the 14th, outspoken and very supportive of, of immigrants taking decisive action here, which is always appreciated. We appreciate all of our support here at the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe and let's get to 6 million subscribers. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.