
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% Off terms apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck G. PT, What do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days at receipt Restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER


Dr. Power equipment has given homeowners the power to do more with powerful field and brush mowers, capable of clearing acres of grass and brush trimmers that deliver up to five times more power than any ordinary handheld model. And chippers that turn nuisance brush piles into beneficial mulch. Start doing more this season with equipment from Dr. Power. Visit dr power.com today and shop the sale.


I think about that moment in the Oval Office where Donald Trump stared at President Zelinsky of Ukraine. He looked at him and he says, you don't have the card Zelensky. You don't have the cards. And Zelensky looked at him like, how dare you? And Zelensky stood up to the bully, right in the Oval Office in front of the world. And we all got to see just how utterly pathetic Donald Trump is and what a Putin pawn. What a Putin puppet Donald Trump is. So now I see this meme circulating right now after Ukraine just executed one of the most brilliant military maneuvers in the history of humankind.


Here's the meme of Donald Trump going, you don't have the cards now. You don't have the cards. And Zelinsky saying, how about now? Trump never has the cards. Zelinsky has the cards, and what Trump is doing is giving other leaders throughout the world the cards. As Donald Trump reveals his tell that he's a weak, pathetic Taco Trump always chickens out. Here's this image as well, posted by anonymous Zelinsky didn't have any cards. Yeah, that aged. Well, Donald Trump. I wanna highlight how world leaders are just either ignoring Trump, treating him like the pathetic, vile piece of trash that he is outmaneuvering him.


You know, Donald Trump and his regime, whether it was Marco Rubio, the secretary of state of others, they came in and said, they don't want America as a hegemonic power anymore. They said they see a multipolar world and in their vision of the world, you have the United States, China and Russia as the big multipolar powers. They were really underestimating these things because the United States and just 130 plus days under the Trump regime, not only has lost its hegemonic status, lost its superpower status, but has become the weakest in the multipolar world. And you're forgetting also the European Union, Donald and Marco Rubio, who's stepping up and actually supporting Zelinsky as part of the coalition of the willing.


You're forgetting Canada and Australia. You're forgetting the Commonwealth nations who are stepping up right now as well. So I want to just share with you some of these important data points as you see a weakened neuter Donald Trump, where President Zelinsky didn't even have to tell Donald Trump, nor why should he about this special operation Operation Spiderweb in Russia where Ukraine sent these drones deep into the heart of Russia, knocked out 30% of Russia's strategic air force, about 41 of the flagship military planes in operation by Russia destroyed.


And just take a look at how this operation was executed in these cargo containers you had all of these drones that were loaded. Ukraine sent their own people deep into Russia, who then contracted with Russian truck drivers to bring the car who didn't even know what was in the cargo containers. They were told it was something else. They brought the cargo right by these military bases of Russia then right when the opera, this was planned for about a year and a year plus at this point, and right on queue electronically these retrofitted cargo boxes open up, the drones go out and bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, destroy the Russian airplanes.


You see him right there. A brilliant operation as President Zelinsky says today, a brilliant operation was carried out on enemy territory, targeting only military objectives. Specifically, the equipment used to strike Ukraine. Russia suffered significant losses, entirely justified and deserved. The preparation took over a year and a half planning organization. Every detail was perfectly executed. It can be said with confidence that this was an absolutely unique operation. What's most interesting, and this can now be stated publicly, is that the office of our operation on Russian territory was located directly next to FSB headquarters in one of their regions.


In total 117 drones were used in the operation with a corresponding number of drone operators involved. 34% of the strategic cruise missile carrier stationed at air bases were hit. Our people operated across several Russian regions in three different time zones, and the people who assisted us were withdrawn from Russian territory before the operation. They are now safe. It is genuinely satisfying when something I authorized a year and six months ago comes to fruition and deprives Russians of over 40 units of strategic aviation. We will continue this work. Even before this operation was carried out, we had intelligence indicating that Russia was preparing another massive strike.


It is very important for all our people not to ignore the air raid alerts. A powerful message from President Zelensky IA Panko from the Kyiv Independent goes, never, never, ever underestimate Ukraine Posse. Pian writes, I think it goes without saying that today's Ukrainian strikes against Russian air forces are impressive and devastating. While the exact scale of damage will likely be confirmed with satellite footage over the coming days, it is quite likely a considerable portion of Russian's strategic bombers. You see this image right here of Zelensky holding up a taco to Donald Trump's face.


Gotta love that AI meme right there. Take a look at this map. As Richard Woodruff says, I'm not even joking. This is a live map of the Ukrainian drones heading towards Moscow right now. Ukraine didn't need to go and get Trump's approval or permission. If you tell Donald Trump, he'd probably tell Putin what a non-factor Donald Trump is. Let's talk about what the European Union is saying. They're not gonna just let Donald Trump bully them. By raising the steel tariffs from 25 to 50%, you raise the steel tariffs to 50%. You vile piece of trash, Donald Trump, you're effectively creating an embargo.


So the EU saying, get ready for countermeasures, you vile piece of trash over your steel tariffs. The European Commission said over the weekend that Europe was prepared to retaliate against Donald Trump's plan to double tariffs on important steel and aluminum raising the prospects of an escalating trade fight between the two world's largest economies. Trump's announcement on Friday that he would increase the tariffs on imported steel and aluminum to 50% from 25 intensifies his global trade war. And it came just hours after he accused China of violating an agreement with the US to mutually roll back levies and trade restrictions to critical minerals.


The European Commission said it strongly regrets Trump's plan to increase tariffs adding it undermines ongoing efforts to reach a negotiated solution. This decision adds further uncertainty to the global economy and increases cost for consumers and businesses on both sides of the Atlantic. A European commission spokesperson said, adding that the European Union is prepared to impose countermeasures. The spokesperson noted that the European Union had paused its countermeasures to create space for negotiations. But of course, Donald Trump blows up these negotiations time and time again. You know, Donald Trump's attack on universities is something that is a major topic of foreign countries.


We're seeing, for example, in India where they have close to 200,000 students in the United States and universities. They're pissed at the way their students are being treated in Canada. Frankly, throughout the world, students are being treated so horrifically by Trump. The countries where these students come from are getting absolutely livid. It should be noted that Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney's daughter goes to Harvard, one of the international students caught in Trump's standoff there, where Donald Trump is not allowing foreign students to go to Harvard. There is litigation around that. The daughter of Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney could be barred from returning to Harvard University in the fall.


Thanks to this ongoing standoff, Cleo Carney, who grew up in London while her father was the governor of the Bank of England, just finished her freshman year at the embattled Cambridge based institution. She's one of nearly 7,000 international students whose time at Harvard could come to an end after dog killer Cosplayer. Christie Nome is revoking the status of foreign students. That case, of course, is being litigated in the courts right now. I wanna point out as well, what's going on in the relations between China and Latin America. Latin American countries are siding with China right now over the United States as Bloomberg law reports in the tit for tat trade war between US and China.


Latin America, overwhelmingly siding with Beijing calls for closer economic ties with China are growing louder in the region, particularly in Mexico. The US is number one trade partner. According to Latin pulse, A monthly survey survey conducted by Atlas Intel from Bloomberg News. Nearly two thirds of Mexican surveyed in May, said their country should do more business with China. Far more than those calling for tighter economic relations with the us. As Donald Trump rattles the global economy with on and off again tariffs. The Taco Trump always chickens outs. Africom chief warns China attempting to replicate the US assistant to wa.


As Washington pulls out, general Michael Langley warning comes amid the Pentagon's, rebalancing the priorities. So as the Pentagon pulls out and the State Department pulls out from Africa, China's replicating what the US built with U-S-A-I-D. China's attempting to replicate every type of thing the US military does to build and maintain relationships on the continent. According to the top US military officials there, they're trying to replicate what we do best in our international military education and training program. And then they also said they're going to increase security and training in a number of countries. General Michael Langley, head of US Africa command told reporters today.


So yes, they're stepping it up and trying to replicate every type of thing, whether it be advice and assist type training in specialized military domains or anything putting on exercises like they did in Tanzania this fall. Langley was speaking from Nairobi, Kenya as the US wrapped up its participation in the African Chiefs of Defense Conference attended by representatives for more than 30 African nations. There a mid drastic US cuts to civilian aid programs. Langley said he had a message for the leaders of African militaries. America does not want to do more for Africa, but to help Africa do more for itself. I guess that's one way to spin it.


Also, Beijing focusing on building relationships with Caribbean nations. So you see all of these efforts being made by China. Also to establish strong relationships in the Caribbean who were traditionally close and tied with the United States of America. The Trump regime claimed they were gonna do 90 deals in 90 days. Thus far they've done zero deals in 90 days. The deal with the United Kingdom was not a deal. It was a memorandum of understanding, which literally said this is not a binding deal. If anything, all it did was help the position of Rolls Royce and Jaguar and Land Rover over American car manufacturers.


They got a better discount. And then it wasn't. There was no deal with China by the United States. There was a consensus where the United States caved to China and rolled back its tariffs. 145% to 30%. So now over the weekend you had Howard Lutnick basically after promising all of these trade deals, he went back to look the deals that we're gonna do. We're just gonna make up the number and we're gonna set our own tariffs against the countries. That's gonna be what we call deals. So in other words, no deals. Here's what Trump's commerce Secretary, Howard Lutnick had to, had to say, play the clip. The president understands the power of our economy.


He said it over and over again. We are the consumer of the world. We are the consumer of Chinese goods. If we don't open our markets to them, their economy is in really, really tough shape. So I think I love having all of this power in the president's hands. He knows how to wield it correctly for the benefit of the American worker. Okay, quickly, 'cause we gotta go, the 90 day pause on the major tariffs is due to expire at the beginning of July. You got a lot of deals to get done. Will the president extend that pause? I, I think we're gonna get a lot, a lot of deals done. I think they're all being set up. We could sign lots of deals now, but I think we're trying to make 'em better and better and better.


And as the president said, or he'll just set rates and it'll set the terms of the deal. So I don't see today that an extension is coming. In fact, I think that's the deadline. And the president's just going to determine what rates people have. If they can't get a deal done, president Trump is gonna determine what deal there's going to be. Okay. So of course, discourse like that, rattling and pissing off the world. And it's just a sad thing to see that after the United States wanted a multipolar system with Trump removing the United States as a superpower to see the United States as basically an incredibly weakened, feeble poll in the multi plurality because of Trump being a taco.


Trump always chickens out. He's just weak. He's just a weak, pathetic, vile individual. And the world just knows that he's too cowardly to do anything. It's, it's embarrassing stuff to watch. Tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.