
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem Call one 800 GAMBLER Furious.


World leaders are just absolutely trolling and mocking Donald Trump. Trump had that disastrous dictator parade on Saturday where barely anybody showed. Let me show you what the prime minister of the UK Keir Starer was posting yesterday. He was saying Happy birthday to a real king, king Charles, a spectacular trooping of the color where they celebrate the birthday of the monarchy. There God save the King Prime Minister Kiir Starrs said it's on his actual birthday, but I don't think it's coincidental that Prime Minister Kiir star continuing to post God save the king a spectacular trooping of the color.


Here's another one, prime Minister Kiir Starer goes, congratulations to everyone recognized in the King's birthday honors today. Your service and dedication helped make Britain a better place for us all. Also posts the following to hydrogen investment means homegrown British energy powering our homes in thousands of new jobs in Britain's industrial heartlands. We will secure Britain's future as a clean energy superpower. This is my plan for change in action then Keir Starr took a trip to Canada where he met with Prime Minister Mark Carney a day or two before the G seven Summit is set to take place in Alberta, Canada.


Donald Trump is certainly not welcome by most Canadians to the G seven Summit, although Donald Trump unfortunately will be there in Alberta. But no doubt Prime Minister Kire Starmer sending a powerful message that he's hanging out with Prime Minister Carney having a beer and watching an oiler game before the G seven Summit basically saying, we've got your back as well. Canada is a sovereign nation and Donald Trump and no nation is going to attack the sovereignty of another member of the Commonwealth. I think that's one of the messages being sent right here. This from the mirror. K Starmer defends Canada in the wake of Donald Trump's 51st state attacks as he jetted to Ottawa for key meetings with the country's prime Minister.


Mark Carney ahead of the G seven Summit here. Starmer said Canada was a quote, much valued member of the Commonwealth. Last year the US president referred to Carney's predecessor Trudeau as governor. Governor and Canada as the 51st state of America asked whether he called out the threats star were told reporters, quote, Canada and the US are our allies. Canada is an independent sovereign nation and quite right to, and that's the basis on which I've approached my discussion with all of our partners. I'm not going to get into the precise conversations I've had, but let me be absolutely clear.


Canada is an independent sovereign country and a much valued member of the commonwealth. He added and we will work closely with Canada on any number of issues, whether that is defense and security, particularly the training in Ukraine. It's been something where Canada and the UK have worked very closely together. It comes as Mr. Starr looks set to Hail Britain's proud status as a free trading nation. As he discusses boosting trade and security ties with Canada, UK must retain its proud status as a free and open trading nation. And again, the language like this, a visit like this having to deal with Trump's attacks on Canada.


I mean all all of this is I think an intentional, deliberate message being sent to the United States. As the United States gets more isolated and weaker, that there are broader international alliances forming where the US is playing a less and less significant role. Donald Trump though yesterday posting the following and showing how weak and pathetic he is again, as he had his disastrous dictator parade, this is what Trump's message was about, the war between Iran and Israel. Right now, Trump posts President Putin called this morning to very nicely wish me a happy birthday, but to more importantly talk about Iran, a country he knows very well.


We talked at length. Much less time was spent talking about Russia, Ukraine, but that will be for next week. He is doing the planned prisoner swaps. Large numbers of prisoners are being exchanged immediately from both sides. The call lasted approximately one hour. He feels as I do this war in Israel, Iran should end. To which I explained his war should also end now. Donald Trump promised there would be peace in Ukraine and under 24 hours if he was elected, which is a total lie. Also, why is Donald Trump asking advice about Israel and Iran from Vladimir Putin?


That should be something that is very concerning. Now in contrast, you have French president Emmanuel Macron posting the following and it's a message that he is sending also to the Arab community, hence the language that he's using here. And he says that I recently spoke with the president of Iran, Massoud Pian. In my first message, I called for the immediate release of our compatriots, Cecile Kohler and Jacques Paris, who have been held hostage by the Iranian regime for more than three years. None unacceptable conditions given the serious risk of instability across the region.


I emphasize that our diplomatic facilities and citizens in Iran and the region must not be targeted under any circumstances. I also called for maximum restraint to prevent an escalation of tensions. The issue of Iran's nuclear program is a serious issue that must be resolved through negotiations. Therefore, I invited President Maid in to return to the negotiating table as soon as possible to reach an agreement as this is only the way to reduce tensions. France is ready to play a role in this path and to make every effort to achieve this goal. You see him there using diplomatic language, the language of leadership, unlike Donald Trump, who immediately after Israel engaged in the preemptive strikes against Iran, Donald Trump went out and took credit as though the US struck, though basically the US provides the weapons to Israel.


But Donald Trump went out there and basically said, look, we, we did it and we're gonna go make more people dead, is what Donald Trump said. Escalating tensions not using diplomatic language at all there. Here's French president Emmanuel Macron talking about the French position and again, what we're seeing here in advance of the G seven as Trump is throwing this, you know, embarrassing dictator parade for himself or no one showed, you know, other countries are taking the role where we would normally see the US say things like this, but this is what French president, French president Emmanuel Macron said, play this clip.


The French position is quite simple. We are for peace, security, and stability for everyone in the region. We do not want a near and middle East with an Iran that has nuclear weapons. We do not want a near and middle East where Gaza is permanently occupied, civilians mistreated and we believe that the solution and stability is an Israel living in peace next to a Palestinian state living in peace and security and having recognized Israel's existence and rights to defend itself in the region. That's what we will pursue. And I believe that it is honestly an honest, coherent and hopefully realistic perspective.


Ladies and gentlemen, these events of the night must obviously be placed in the perspective of the larger conflict unfolding in the region and the longer history, particularly since the terrorist attacks of the 7th of October, 2023 and the ongoing war in Gaza. And these less should not divet us from the need to establish a permanent ceasefire in Gaza, accompanied by the release of all hostages and massive aid to the Palestinian population subjected to an unjustifiable humanitarian blockade. I come here to remind of everything we have to do and the seriousness of the situation since last night.


But this should not make us forget Gaza efforts to restore the ceasefire broken since March 1st have not succeeded at this stage. Why? Because this military logic, debt of occupation, displacement, and siege leads nowhere except to permanent conflict. To stop the war, we need to restore a peace perspective to build the two states and ensure peace and security for all. This is what France has upheld since the 7th of October. Faithful to its historical commitment as it's also a reminder that one life is worth a life and that for France there is no double standard.


It is through this requirement that peace and regional security will be restored.


You ever step outside and feel like you're instantly drenched in sweat. It's like no matter what you do, it doesn't stop. Now I know with this heat, that's basically me every day. Now, if you've been struggling with the heat and humidity like I have, I have great news. Mando has just launched something that takes sweat control to the next level. Introducing the Mando deodorant plus sweat control, solid stick. It's double protection. Finally, you get the odor control that you love with Mando plus powerful sweat control and don't wait. Grab yours right now@shopmando.com and experience the double protection of Mando deodorant plus sweat control. Now, what I love about Mando is that it actually works. One swipe and you're good to go. This isn't your typical deodorant. It's clinical strength. Two times better at controlling sweat than the standard. It controls both sweat and odor for 72 hours and after just 12 hours, underarm sweat was reduced by 92%. This stuff works also. It doesn't just mask odor, it prevents it. 100% of a study participants experience all day odor protection and unlike other deodorants loaded with chemicals, Mando uses only premium ingredients like gentle mandelic acid to keep you fresh and dry. Mando starter pack is perfect for new customers. It comes with a solid stick deodorant, cream tube deodorant, two free products of your choice like the mini body wash and deodorant wipes and free shipping. Now as a special offer for listeners new customers, get 20% off SITEWIDE with our exclusive code. Use code midas@shopmando.com for 20% off sitewide plus free shipping S-H-O-P-M-A-N-D o.com. Please support our show and tell them that we sent you Mandos got you covered with deodorant plus sweat control. Say goodbye to sweat stains and hello to long lasting freshness.


Now here's a quick video of Prime Minister Starr arriving in Ottawa to see Prime Minister Carney play this clip Ottawa the snow, just the snow just melted. It's good and it Now my friend and your friend, former member of Parliament of Canada, Charlie Angus, gave an incredible speech yesterday about Trump fascism. This was a very powerful moment coming from a, a real man of the people in Canada right now.


Someone who I think really has the pulse of of where Canadians are at here is former member of Parliament Charlie Angus play this clip. Hi, this is Charlie Angus of the resistance on the day that Florida police tell citizens who protest that we will shoot you graveyard dead on the day that Donald Trump finally gets this big military parade, one that would make dictators in Russia, North Korea jealous. And yet he says that anyone who dares heckle him will be met with extreme force on the day the two senators are assassinated in Minnesota. Maybe today's the day that We can start talking about the threat of fascist violence in the United States because we haven't had that conversation.


Not really. I mean, ordinary people get it. That's why they're out in the streets facing down against the United States Marines. That's why ordinary Canadians on our side of the border are boycotting everything American. That's why people are speaking up against those in masks who kidnap people off the streets without the rule of law. But our pundits, our analysts, those specialists who explain politics to normal people, they just haven't wanted to call it for what it is. You know, I, I keep hearing them talk about waiting for Trump's overstep or what will happen in the midterms or waiting for the pendulum swing. That's not how fascism works.


If you can arrest a judge in their courtroom, then you can arrest a mayor on the street. And if you can do that, you can throw a senator to the ground and hold him if he asks a question. And if you can get all those steps passed, then you move to the next level, which is political violence and assassination. And we just crossed that line today. Donald Trump has been using increasingly violent rhetoric because it's very clear he wants to push America over the brink so that he can bring in the kind of fascist control, totalitarian control. This is not some outlandish conspiracy theory. Anyone who's worked with Trump has talked about his love of Adolf Hitler and the thing that he loved about Adolf Hitler was Hitler promoted the notion of the big lie.


You see Hitler said that if you get into trouble as a politician, it's because you tell small lies. What you gotta do is you gotta tell the big lie. You have to really say what you're going to do. Number one, it makes people think that you're not all that serious, but it kind of inoculates them to the extremism that you're, you're promoting. And then if you actually do follow through, then they say, well, he said he was gonna do it. So let's go back to Trump. In his first reign, he wanted to use the military against the people in the streets. He wanted 10,000 soldiers against unarmed protestors in Washington. He was outraged that his staff still believed in the constitution and the rule of law and wouldn't let him shoot people with the military.


He was calling. He started screaming at them saying that they were fucking losers. They were making 'em look weak. Tom Haman, who was his immigration rep then talked about using the military to round up people to be deported and put in camps and they talked about a number of 11 million people. That's how fascism works. That's authoritarianism. That's what we need to talk about. So where do we go from here? Well, we are right now at the precipice moment and we have to be very, very clear about holding the line in Canada. This idea with our pundits who talk about, you know, scoring a deal with Trump or that Trump's just being Trump or that Mark Carney will somehow be the Trump whisperer.


That's all ridiculous. That's not gonna happen. That's not how fascists negotiate. We have to hold the line. And that really comes down to ordinary people ho, who are holding the line on the boycott in a big way. But we also have to recognize that a political violence starts to spill out in the United States. The chances of it spilling over our borders become much more increased because that is the fascist threat. So we have to hold the line for our friends in the United States. I know this is a very frightening time and you've shown some extraordinary heroism in standing up, but it is gonna be much easier to stand up to fascism when it's getting started than when it is entrenched. We know that Trump has taco in the past.


We have to make him taco again, but right now we're holding a fragile line and we're holding it because those who should be stepping up haven't stepped up. So my friends from we the North to we, the people, we are facing a very, very serious moment, but I know We can get through it by holding truth and to the rule of law and to the right of citizens to stand up even in the face of threat. I'm Charlie Angus And you will all recall our coverage of Charlie Angus's speech earlier this week in Ottawa where he said that Canada should not pretend that US is an ally anymore. Here play this clip.


Canada can no longer view the United States as an ally, we know that Donald Trump doesn't believe in liberal democracy. He doesn't believe in the rule of law. Canada is an open and inclusive society. Little wonder that Donald Trump has denounced our nation as one of the nastiest countries he's ever had to deal with. And we'd be fools to pretend that his threat to get rid of the border by using economic force is somehow abated. We can't kid ourselves about the threat that's being posed by Donald Trump. Prime Minister Mark Carney is not inviting our nearest neighbor and friendly ally to join us in the G seven Prime Minister Carney is not inviting the leader of the free world to Canada.


He is welcoming in Vladimir p Putin's sock puppet. And again, while you know that's taking place, as Doug Landry posted goes, how could you possibly, even if you tried to make a horrible parade, it's hard to make a parade as bad as the parade that just transpired Trump's dictator parade. Just watch, just take a look at this video. I mean, there's like nobody in the stands. It's so embarrassing. Here play this clip, Prime Minister Kearney of Canada Post the following.


It's both disturbing and heartbreaking to learn that a us lawmaker and her spouse have been killed and a politically motivated attack. My prayers are with their family, those injured governor walls and all the Minnesotans as they grieve this heinous crime. Political violence in the extremism that fuels it. Our serious threats to our safety and our democracy. We stand strong against them. The assassin is a a right wing extremist nutcase. By the way, Donald Trump didn't post anything like that at all. Donald Trump brags about his conversations with Putin yesterday. That's what Trump's focus was on and talking about his military parade and he didn't know how to spell the word parade yesterday.


When Trump Post Prime Minister Carney also made a post like this. And there's no posts at all like this from Trump or the Department of Defense that we would normally see just posts that are, you know, at least using diplomatic language, I suppose Prime Minister carne goes, Iran's nuclear program has long been a cause of grave concern and its missile attacks across Israel threatened regional peace. Today I convened our National Security Council to receive an update on the situation and to ensure that all necessary steps will be taken to protect our nationals and our diplomatic missions in the region. Canada reaffirms Israel's right to defend itself and to ensure its security.


We call in all parties to exercise maximum restraint and move towards a diplomatic resolution. There you have it right there. It's just very strange to see the US just not involved in these types of discussions, you know, outwardly. And then to see like the world leaders have to almost like pretend that Trump's involved in it somehow, even though we know he's not, you know, just trying to keep things semi-normal for the next two or three years when, when Trump will be gone. I mean that's, I think that's the calculation that a lot of these countries are taking. Well, tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and we'll keep you posted.


The truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection@store.midastouch.com all 100% USA Union made.