
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


Hi, I'm Kristen Bell. Carvana makes car buying easy. Isn't that right, hun? Dax Dax, Sorry. Did You know about this seven day money back guarantee? A week to evaluate seat coms, you say A week of terrain tests. Yeah, I can test the brake pad resistance at variable speeds. Make sure all the kids' stuff fits nicely. Make sure our stuff fits nicely. Oh, the right. Still need to buy the car getting ahead of ourselves. Here. Buy your car with Carvana today.


If you've heard that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the science-backed language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babel gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with Bael Right now. Up to 55% off your babble subscription at bael.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify Podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one. Ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck GPT. What do You know? All sorts of interest and stuff. Even Charles Barkley's greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is knowledgeable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook gambling problem Call one 800 Gambler


India is furious at the Trump regime Right now. This is not being reported at all by American media, but it is being reported in India. Let me explain to you why India is furious. There's three main reasons. Number one, Donald Trump was taking credit for brokering the ceasefire between India and Pakistan after the terrorist attacks in Kashmere India saying Trump had nothing to do with it at all. It strictly bilateral discussions between India and Pakistan and India saying by Donald Trump pretending that he got involved in it. It actually makes India look weak. When India said, we negotiated this on our own, based on the strength of the India military stop interfering Donald Trump.


Another reason is that Donald Trump's been misrepresenting that he has some trade deal with India that hasn't taken place. And Trump said that he basically used trade as a carrot to broker a ceasefire between India and Pakistan. And again, that makes India look weak. And India is saying, that's not true. We don't have a deal, we're only gonna do a deal that's in the interest of India. Stop lying about our negotiations and our discussions. And along those lines as well, remember, Donald Trump attacked Apple, the company Apple, for saying it was gonna move factories to India because Donald Trump said that, You know, that was an end run around his tariffs against China.


He said, he called Tim Cook and said, don't build factories in India. So India's like, why the hell are you telling Apple not to develop factories in India? That's screwed up. And then finally, the third reason why India is absolutely pissed and there's deeper levels of complexity here. I'm overgeneralizing it is that the Trump family seems to have done a crypto deal with Pakistan and with the Pakistan government and Indian officials are basically saying, is Donald Trump gonna be changing his policies toward India? Is Donald Trump engaging in behavior that's pissing off the country of India Right now?


Because Trump's family, which has a 60% stake in this WLFI, this World Liberty Financial Company, is that why Donald Trump's position with India has has changed. So let, let's break down all three of these things and why don't we bring you directly some great reporting from India itself and then we'll break down this kind of one by one. I want to give a shout out here to Vantage Media. So Vantage with Pauly Sharma, they do a really good job here. And in this first clip I wanna show you from the show, they talk about how this is India's external affairs minister saying that the negotiations regarding ceasefire between Indian Pakistan is being handled on a bilateral basis.


And this host, by the way, Paul Ki Sharma I is incredible. I mean, I think that she's a very strong host. You know, at least here, here at play this clip, The amount of ignorance out there, like we've said before, the Kmi Risu is not thousands of years old. It dates back to 1947. Also, what's this obsession with trade Kashmir is a deeply emotional issue for India and Pakistan. You think they would settle it over Trade Pakistan may need the money, but India is under no such pressure today. Foreign ministers, Jay Shanker, made India's position clear. All dealings with Pakistan will be bilateral. Our relations, our dealings with them will be bilateral and strictly bilateral.


That is a national consensus for many years. And there is absolutely no change in that consensus that dealings with Pakistan will be bilateral. Now here, this host, Paki Sharma as well then talks about Donald Trump misrepresenting the trade deals with India. Let me show you this clip right here. And then she also cites the external affairs minister as well. Let me play you this clip right here. Think Trump. He won't, he's known for making such wild unilateral claims. Take trade for example. Trump says India is offering zero tariffs to America, basically no tariffs on US imports just one problem though India has not announced any such move or offer.


Again, the clarification came from Minister Jay Shanker. Any trade deal, any trade deal has to be mutually beneficial. Any trade deal has to work for both the countries. And I think that would be our expectation from the trade deal. And until that is done, I think any judgment on it would be premature. India says any judgment would be premature, but that is not stopping Trump. He's also threatening companies against making. In India companies like Apple. Apple was thinking about setting up factories in India. Trump's tariffs made China unsustainable.


So Apple thought, why not make in India, but US President Donald Trump says he will not allow it. I had a little problem with Tim Cook yesterday. I said to him, Tim, you're my friend. I treated you very good. You're coming here with $500 billion. But now I hear you're building all over India. I don't want you building in India. You can build in India if you want to take care of India. 'cause India's the highest, one of the highest tariff nations in the world. It's very hard to sell into India In baseball. There are three strikes. Trump has used them up in just one week. First he claimed credit for ending the fighting between India and Pakistan.


Then he unilaterally claimed zero tariffs from India. Then he warned Apple against making in India. And now we get news of his family striking a deal with Pakistan. Which brings me back to my original question. Whose side is Donald Trump on personally? We know he's on the side of money. Now here's what DW News has to say about these tensions between Trump and Modi Right now and why India is so furious. It's along the lines of what I was saying, but here play this clip. Trump has claimed the role as deal maker in chief after the two nuclear armed neighbors came dangerously close to war when they struck each other with missiles, drones, and heavy artillery for four days.


So what exactly did Trump say? That's rough it. Feathers here in Delhi. Let's stop It. Let's stop it. If you stop it, we'll do a trade. If you don't stop it, we're not gonna do any trade. People have never really used trade the way I used it that I can tell you. And all of a sudden they said, I think we're gonna stop. And they have. And Trump didn't stop there. He even claimed he prevented a nuclear war. I think it would've, it could have been a bad nuclear war. Millions of people could have been killed. So I'm very proud of that. That's definitely not how India tells it. Modi's government says it was Indian firepower that forced Pakistan to ask for a cease fire on May 10th.


Just to be clear, India has confirmed getting calls from us Vice President JD Vance and Secretary of State Marco Rubio right before the ceasefire. But while Pakistan later thanked Donald Trump for the truth, India doesn't acknowledge any US role. It's also pushed back on Trump's claim. That trade even came up. Instead, Delhi says it won't fall for what Prime Minister Modi called nuclear blackmail from Pakistan. And it's sticking to this one line. Let me Be clear. It was the force of Indian arms that compelled Pakistan to stop its firing. Now let me show you what world Life Liberty posted about their deal with Pakistan's Crypto Council.


This is from April 28th, 2025. So about six days after the terrorist attack in cashmere. Here's what WLFI posted. Historic moment. WLFI has officially signed an MOU with Pakistan. It was an incredible experience meeting with Pakistan crypto council and the leader shaping the future of crypto. We're proud to be building with Pakistan to drive innovation forward. This is just the beginning. I'll play you about 30 seconds of this hype video. But mind you, the Trump family has a 60% stake in this WLFI as it's been reported. Play this clip. It's An absolute player to have all three of you today in Pakistan.


We were in the Islamabad earlier and now in Lahore. Tell me, how has Pakistan been for you? They want to participate in the digital financial ecosystem. They want to participate in what the future of finance looks like. And you really have to come here to see it. And we thank you. And of course, all of your, your, your country mates for their hospitality. It's been nothing short of excellence. Now let me flesh out some of these clips as well that has really made India furious. I mean, and you've seen them there in those other clips that I played for you. But he, here's Donald Trump on his most recent interview with Brett Bear saying that everyone knows that without me, the n word would've been in place.


The N word Donald Trump says over and over again, which Donald Trump says the N word means nuclear. And here's kind of him saying that with Brett Bear here, play this. It was tit for tat and it was getting deeper and more, I mean more missiles. Every, everyone was stronger, stronger to a point where the next one's gonna be. You know what the n word, You know what the n word is, right? Nuclear. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you for the clarification. I figured you wanted to clean that up. No, that's, it's the N word. That's, that's a very nasty word, right? In a lot of ways the n word used in a nuclear sense, that's the worst thing that can happen. And I Think now, this was Donald Trump giving a speech from the Oval Office where he falsely took credit for brokering the ceasefire between India and Pakistan.


And as I just showed you before, with the foreign minister, Donald Trump had no role in the ceasefire really at all. Here play this in The strength and the wisdom and fortitude to fully know and to understand the gravity of the situation. And we helped a lot. And we helped also with trade. I said, come on, we're gonna do a lot of trade with you guys. Let's stop it. Let's stop it. If you stop it, we'll do a trade. If you don't stop it, we're not gonna do any trade. People have never really used trade the way I used it, that I can tell you. And all of a sudden they said, I think we're gonna stop. And they have, and they, they did it for a lot of reasons.


But trade is a big one. We're gonna do a lot of trade with Pakistan. We're gonna do a lot of trade with India. We're negotiating with India Right now. We're gonna be soon negotiating with Pakistan. And we stopped the nuclear conflict. I think it would've, it could have been a bad nuclear war. Millions of people could have been killed. So I'm very proud of that. And this was Donald Trump. What he said about Tim Cook, let me play this. Apple, As You know, is coming in. And I had a little problem with Tim Cook yesterday. I said to him, Tim, you're my friend. I treated you very good. You're coming here with $500 billion. But now here you're building all over India. I don't want you building in India. You can build in India if you want to take care of India. 'cause India's the highest, one of the highest tariff nations in the world.


It's very hard to sell into India. And they've offered us a deal where, where basically they're willing to literally charge us no tariff. So we go from the highest tariff. You couldn't do business in India. We're not even a top 30 in India because the tariff is so high to a point where they have actually told us, I assume you too, Scott, you were working on that also, that there will be no tariff, right? Would you say that's a difference? They're the highest. And now they're saying no tariff. But I said to Tim, I said, Tim, look, we've treated you really good. We put up with all the plants that you built in China. So I think you can see why there, why India would be absolutely livid and pissed about this.


And again, this is being reported by media in India and elsewhere and international media, but not being reported in the United States. And I think it's an important factor for you to see how one people view Trump internationally as, as this clown, as this person who's just focused on himself and putting his interests above, You know, above, even in the United States. But anyway, let me play, let, let, let, let me just conclude this video by saying, I think it's why it's so important that we have an international perspective of things and we keep you posted at every step of the way. Thank you for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. New Midas merch drop.


Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot midas touch.com.