
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler. The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my bets in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff, even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook gambling problem Call one 800 Gambler


India is still furious at the Trump regime in the United States. We covered this last week and I thought, and still think the American media is giving this zero attention. They just spew Trump propaganda when Trump says, oh, India loves us and India definitely wants to do a deal with us. India feels deeply disrespected by what the Trump regime is doing. And there's a few major areas that it's important that you know, and again, this coverage is just not happening in the United States. It's why I'm proud of the United Touch Network to deliver news like this. So there's a few areas where India's pissed. Number one, Donald Trump continues to take credit for the ceasefire between India and Pakistan.


He says it over and over again. Most recently he said it when he had South African President Rama in the Oval Office. Trump said, I'm the reason why that happened. Trump was not the reason why it happened in India. They feel very strongly. The reason why it happened was that the Indian military forces did a successful operation and then Pakistan came and requested that a ceasefire happen. That it was purely a bilateral discussion and by Donald Trump taking credit and saying that the reason the ceasefire happened was because Donald Trump dangled trade in front of India. It's deeply disrespectful.


Another major area that is pissing the people of India off and the government is this crypto deal that Donald Trump's family did with Pakistan. Donald Trump's family is 60% owners in this world life liberty, crypto thing, and they did a crypto deal with the Pakistan government about six days after the terrorist attacks in cashmere. One of the other things that's pissing off the people of India is that Donald Trump continues to lie about the status of trade discussions and negotiations with India. And the Trump regime makes it sound like India's begging for a deal and India's so desperate to do this deal that they're just gonna give the Trump regime everything.


And the people of India are like, we're gonna need some concessions as well. And you unilaterally impose these 25% tariffs or 26% tariffs on us. And that's unfair. If you want to do a deal, you gotta respect the sovereignty of the people of India. One of the more recent things also that's pissing off India is that Donald Trump threatened Apple and he's been threatening them over and over again and Tim Cook saying, do not build factories in India. India's like, what the heck build factories in India. We've already had discussions with Apple. 15% of iPhones are already made in India. Apple had committed to making 25% of their iPhones.


And you know, the interesting thing there is that the big iPhone manufacturer, Foxconn doesn't really seem to give a crap about anything that Donald Trump says about iPhones building manufacturing bases in India because Foxconn is continuing with its plans to build more factories in India. And again, it just shows you how feckless Donald Trump has become, but the people of India are like, stop threatening Apple and telling them not to build factories in India. Another major aspect that's pissing off people in India is Donald Trump's attack on American universities. And you may be saying, well, why does that matter? Why does that impact India? Well, if there are hundreds of students, foreign students from India with visas who study at Harvard University who are now psychologically tortured and feeling horrible, they don't know are they gonna graduate?


They've invested a lot of time. They don't know if they transfer out of Harvard to another school. Is Trump gonna do this to another school? They viewed the United States as a beacon for international students to study, and Donald Trump has put their lives into complete and total turmoil. And so those are the main issues that are that, that are really pissing India off. I watch a lot of India TV right now, for example, I've been watching Vantage by Palky Sharma. I also read India today. I've also watched a lot of other programs on first post. I've watched the Indian Express and, and, and other things to try to absorb what's happening in India.


I try to listen to what students from India and Harvard have to say, because I think giving you an international perspective is very, very, very important. Here. I, I'll remind you just what Donald Trump's post was from this week when he said, I have long ago informed Tim Cook of Apple that I expect their iPhones that will be sold in the United States will be manufactured and built in the United States, not India or any place else. If this is not the case, a tariff of at least 25% must be paid by Apple to the us. Thank you for your attention to this matter. And Donald Trump's threats caused the stock price of Apple to plummet. They lost $80 billion on that. And while the Trump regime is claiming that they're wanting to negotiate with India, think about the message that sends to India's negotiators when Donald Trump is basically threatening that manufacturing plants can't be built in India while they're trying to negotiate a a trade deal and trying to figure something out there.


So let me go through with you some of the data points right now as well. So as I mentioned, one of the programs that I've been watching lately is Pauly Sharma, her program Vantage. She's the managing editor and she doesn't mince words in her reports. You can check her out on the first post YouTube channel, but here's what she has to say about Donald Trump continuing to try to take credit for the ceasefire between India and Pakistan, which he had nothing to do with at all. She does not mince words play this clip. He has positioned Pakistan sponsors terror and it'll have to suffer the consequences. And while India sends this message to the world, someone else is trying to steal the mic.


I'm talking about US President Donald Trump, India and Pakistan decided on a ceasefire. But the announcement came from Donald Trump and since then he's been telling a lie, repeating it on loop, that he stopped this conflict. On Saturday, my administration helped broker a full and immediate ceasefire, I think a permanent one between India and Pakistan ending a dangerous conflict of two nations with lots of nuclear weapons. Just days ago, my administration successfully brokered a historic ceasefire to stop the escalating violence between India and Pakistan.


And I used trade to a large extent to do it. I, I don't wanna say I did, but I sure as hell helped settle the problem between Pakistan and India last week, which was getting more and more hostile. And Trump said it again yesterday to the South African president that he mediated the ceasefire Doing a big deal with India. We're doing a big deal with Pakistan. And I said, what are you guys doing? You know, they, somebody had to be the last one to shoot, but the shooting was getting worse and worse, bigger and bigger, deeper and deeper into the countries. And we spoke to 'em and we, I think we, you know, I hate to say we got it settled and then two days later something happens and they say it's Trump's fault.


But we, Pakistan has got some excellent people and some really good, a great leader in India is my friend Modi. Modi. And he's a mutual friend. Yeah, he's a great guy. And I call him both and we, we just did something good Guess he's still not giving up. India has fact checked him on more than one occasion, but Trump won't let it go. It's like a broken record today. India's external affairs minister debunked Donald Trump's statements as Shanker is visiting Europe. Earlier this week he was in the Netherlands. He was asked about US involvement in the ceasefire. And Shanker had just one thing to say.


The US was in the United States, meaning Washington had no role to play. And it's something that India has been saying from day one, India hit terror camps in Pakistan. On May 7th, Pakistan hit back, that's when India struck their military bases. A humble Pakistan sued for peace. On May 10th, their army sent a message to India, they were ready to stop firing and New Delhi responded accordingly. That is the story. That is how the ceasefire came about. The US was informed as were many other countries, none of them is claiming credit, but Donald Trump wants to be the hero in the story. India won't have it. There is no room for the US in this conversation.


The Kashmir issue is bilateral operation. Ur was not about Kashmir, it was about Pakistani terrorism. India will not tolerate it. And when it comes to national security, India will write its own script. No one, not even Donald Trump gets to edit the ending. And Here's Paul Sharma from Vantage talking about how Donald Trump is making a trade deal with India. Very difficult, but one of the things she also points out, and I want you to all be aware of this, is all of the other trade deals that India has actually made with other countries throughout the world in Europe and Asia and elsewhere. And how the threats that are coming from Donald Trump that are really hyped up here in American media, it's not going to hurt India as much as Trump thinks.


It's definitely gonna hurt India, but India is diversified. And the way American media presents India as like, oh, India should just be, you know, grateful that any type of deal happens. You know, India is like a very proud country who cares deeply about their sovereignty. And so they feel very disrespected by the type of rhetoric coming from the Trump regime. Here's Pauly Sharma explaining that point here at play. This clip going To discussing non trade barriers as well, but it expects concessions in return. And on this front, new Delhi's priorities are clear. It wants to protect the labor intensive sectors, industries like textile and leather, India seeking concessions for them.


It also wants to secure some sensitive sectors like agriculture and dairy. For these. India could push for a quota or a minimum support price. The best case scenario would be a zero tariff trade regime. But there's a roadblock. The Trump administration cannot unilaterally bring down tariffs for that. It needs approval from the US Congress, that is the American Parliament. They must approve. And that would take time. If this deal goes to the US Congress, it won't be signed anytime soon. So India wants to keep it simple. India's ask from the Trump administration is this, just remove the 26% additional tariffs, the ones that Trump imposed in April, remove them.


That's the ask an interim deal, no congressional approval and no delays. Just a fast and focused agreement that gets both sides across the finish line quickly because both India and the US want to win. So this should not be a tough sell, and yet it's not done till it's done. So we should prepare for all scenarios. What if the deal does not happen? What if they do not meet the deadline? What happens then? The prospect should not worry India too much. That is the assessment of ratings agency Moody's. They have released a new report. It says India is better placed than most emerging economies. Trump's tariffs may slow down growth, but the Indian economy should be able to absorb the shock.


India has a strong domestic market, it has a low dependence on exports and robust growth driven by internal factors. In fact, moody says, even if the US imposes tariffs, India won't suffer significant economic damage that should be encouraging. At the same time, resilience cannot be an excuse for stagnation. India does not want to just survive this. It wants to expand its trade. And for that it is looking beyond the United States. India is negotiating with a wide range of countries. Some deals have already been signed. India has deals with more than 10 countries in blocks, including Japan, South Korea, the u, a and Australia.


Recently we sealed an agreement, a trade deal with the uk. New Delhi will cut tariffs on 90% of British goods. In return, 99% of India's exports to the UK will face no duties. Similarly, talks are on with the European Union, New Zealand, Oman, and Israel. So India has not put all its eggs in the American basket. It is building a network, a shield against Trump's uncertainty. If the US agreement comes through, it'll be a boost. If it doesn't, India is building options. Now here is a program that I watched from India today where they talked about the Trump regime revoking, Harvard's ability to enroll international students.


And India today approached this from the perspective as well of the students from India who have been studying at Harvard, whose lives have been turned upside down here. Watch this. I I'm still, I'm still trying to actually grapple my head around this in the shortest of the terms in, in the shortest of the time. I think one of the major impact will be students who might not be able to get admission in other universities to carry forward their degrees. They might have to actually leave the US in the longer term. I think it, it has, it has many aspects. If it, it has many things that will actually have to do with the repetition of Harvard word, us as a safe haven for taking really great education in the world.


It might actually have a domino effect, you know, by others, other universities actually to the line and, and f following the, the dicta I would say. And it, it will definitely have a lot of impact on the international relations as well. For Indian students. This decision has caused academic chaos and emotional distress. Many are currently midway through high stakes degree programs at Harvard's law, medical business and engineering schools. Those unable to transfer risk, having their F1 or academic student visas invalidated, which could abruptly cut short their academic journey in the United States.


They're gonna lose their legal status unless again the homeland security reinstates the FCVP certification. So, and only, only opportunity or only way out for them from this is to change their university and get enrolled and, and, but, and universities, which with yeah, again, what whatever options they have available right now, like any kind of university that they can enroll in, which would allow them to hold their legal status or yeah, that's their only options.


As Harvard prepares its legal and institutional response, the global academic community is watching closely for hundreds of Indian students and scholars. The coming weeks will determine whether their American dream continues or ends abruptly. And here you'll see that the, here's how India is responding to Donald Trump's threats against Apple. And India has assured its people that Apple will continue to invest in India getting that 15% of of iPhones being built in India to the 25% that India and Apple are really trying to do.


And India's saying, you know, look, Donald Trump's rhetoric is Donald Trump's rhetoric. He's the boy who cried wolf. At this point we just have to be steady and stable and focus on what our agendas are. And we're not really focusing on, you know, his social media posts at this point. It, it's, it's just kind of noise here. Play this clip. Government sources on the Trump comment on Apple reveals that India offers the best facility and talent for setting up such plants. And India is sure that Apple will see profits over any pressure from the Trump government. Sources. Further said that India will also explore other sectors, countries, and players in the field.


My colleague is with us on the phone line, pvi, we know that Trump is transcending to different level now threatening Apple, CEO Tim Cook. Now what Indian government is saying at this point, See first of all I of course the Indian government is worried because Apple for now has opened two plants and Apple production in Indian plants have been really increasing and the productivity is also increased. And it also, as we all know, generates a lot of employment and also sends out a message to other foreign investors that India is capable of and is being looked forward as an attractive destination for investment. So Mr. Trump's comments, Donald Trump's comments, certainly as a setback, however, government top government sources are telling us that we are not too worried because the medical system is such where the business lobby is not going to work under pressure from the Trump administration.


At the end of the day, Tim Cook is and is a businessman. He's gonna look at his profits and India offers favorable options in terms of talent, in terms of infrastructure and also in terms of generation of the Apple phones and iPhones. And it's gonna work out to be cheaper for him. A 25% trade tariff is huge. I don't even as we speak the Commerce Minister is there. So there will be those back room negotiations. But we have been, as a matter of tariff policy planning, we have started begun to explore newer destination alternatives as well. But hope is not yet given up. Many thanks. Many thanks Pavi for this update.


And then here, as I mentioned earlier, you'll see this is from the Indian Express. Despite Trump's warning, apple supplier Foxconn is moving ahead with its investment in India. Here play this clip. Just days after US President Donald Trump reportedly asked Apple CEO Tim Cook to not produce in India. Apple ski manufacturing partner Foxconn has signaled otherwise. And in a big way the Taiwanese electronics joint is moving full steam ahead with a major $1.5 billion investment in India in a filing with the London Stock Exchange. Earlier this week, Foxconn confirmed it'll invest $1.49 billion in Yuan Technologies, India Private Limited, which is one of its subsidiaries.


This money is expected to fund a new display module manufacturing plant in Tam Nado, which is a state already central to Apple's growing manufacturing prisons in India. While Trump's comments may have raised eyebrows, Indian officials aren't overly concerned. A senior government officials said supply chains don't reorient themselves overnight. Companies like Apple make these decisions after months, sometimes years of planning, one comment won't reverse a global strategy. And that strategy clearly includes India. Last October, the Tamara government approved a 13,180 Crow rpe, which roughly translates to $1.6 billion project by Yuan Technologies in Kaji around 80 kilometers from Chennai.


Foxconn's new investment appears to be your me for that very plant. Apple currently produces around 15% of its global iPhone output. In India, the company's targeting an ambitious 25% share in the coming years, which is part of a broader shift to diversify its supply chain away from China. Well, there you have it folks. And again, I wanted to be very diligent in giving you that perspective. Go and look at the sources that I looked at. 'cause again, when I'm doing a report on India, I wanna see what these sources from India are actually saying. I've also learned that at the Midas Touch Network, we have a lot of people from India who watch the Midas Touch Network.


We also have a lot of Indian Americans who watch the Midas Touch Network. I saw that in our last video, who appreciated us giving the perspective here. And so I try to do that. I try to share the perspectives after really studying what's going on in the countries. I try not to give it an American centric oversimplification. I try to really get deep and understand who the voices are to give our American audiences and also our international audiences. That perspective. And that's what I hope you saw that I've been bringing to our Canadian coverage, our Australia coverage, our European coverage, and and our our coverage in Africa too.


I'm sure you've seen some of the coverage that we've done in various countries in Africa and we're gonna keep doing that here on the Midas Touch Network, thanks to your support. So if you like this international coverage, subscribe and also check out all those channels that I highlighted here as well. That's one of the reasons why I put them in the video. Anyway, hit subscribe. Help us get to 5 million subscribers. We're grateful for you. We appreciate you. We love you. Have a wonderful day.


New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Job midas touch.com.