
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms. Apply P po go shot, go shot, go Shot.


That was in Poland right there. Poland, sending a major pro-democracy, pro-European union message as well. Earlier yesterday there was the Romania elections where the pro-democracy, pro EU candidate went on to become the president. This was the first round voting in Poland. The next round scheduled for June one, and the pro-democracy liberal Warsaw Mayor Rafal TKI, is gonna go on to win that first round against the far right wing candidate Makki, who many people expected. The far right wing rival, who's a MAGA candidate who sucks up to Donald Trump.


He calls himself like the Trump of Poland. People thought Corolla, Milwaukee was going to win. Now we go to this second round on June 1st. We're gonna of course be paying a lot of attention to that here on the Midas Touch Network. Let me just share with you what Carol Raki had campaigned on. You'll see he, You know, just constantly talking about Trump this, Trump that. I'm the MAGA candidate. So here was a speech that he gave here, play this clip and The most powerful men in the free world, Donald Trump is supporting Carol Naski.


And again, this was an obvious repudiation of the Trump MAGA candidate. And again, we reported yesterday how in Romania, the far right wing candidate, Simeon was expected to go on and win. Originally the odds were that the right wing candidate was gonna win. You then had the centrist candidate who was, who was the mayor of Bucharest, went on to win in Romania. We did a whole video on that as well. One of the things that I think was very important and in this Polish election was Mayor Rafal TKI ran on a strong pro Ukraine platform, anti Putin platform, as well as building the military forces up in Poland, creating a first class military to stop.


Vladimir Putin, I wanna share with you, I thought this was an important moment because the views of Raf Fau Razowsky mirror the Prime Minister, Donald Tusk, I'll, I'll explain how the Poland government works. A very confused prime Minister president, but here was Donald Tusk recently. Let's play this clip. I mean here he is talking about, You know, standing up to Putin. And when Putin didn't show in Istanbul Turkey, I think it was a big sign that impacted this election as well. Remember how I, how I reported on how Putin and Trump said they were gonna go to Istanbul to negotiate with Zelensky?


Zelensky showed up in Istanbul, but Putin and Trump didn't. Here let's, let's play this clip of Donald Tusk. We met again after a few days in the same format with President Zelensky. We spoke on the phone with President Trump to summarize the negotiation attempts that started in Istanbul. The information was clear. The Russian side did not show goodwill. The Russian side did not intend to negotiate in the presence of the American side. The Russian side, once again set conditions that were absolutely unacceptable, not only to Ukraine, but also to all of us. We will continue to work together.


The main task is to maintain full unity, both of European and American partners around the Ukrainian issue. This task remains current, either. We do not hide that the Russian position is hard to call it constructive in any way. We are likely facing very difficult days ahead. So in Poland's parliamentary system, they have a prime minister who's the head of government and a president who is the head of state. I would say the Prime Minister has more day-to-day power. The president as head of state kind of functions as a veto power over the prime minister. So currently the Prime Minister, Donald Tusk, very similar political background I would say to Rafa Kowski.


And then when it comes to this MAGA candidate right here, who did not win this round, although there, let's be clear, there's a second round. Carol Raki, I think his views mostly align, I guess more closely with Doah, who's the current president. Although Raki, the guy who's running Right now is, is an independent, but the party of the current president Doah is supporting, is aligning with this far right candidate. Nar Milwaukee right here. I wanna show you this as well just to show you the positions of the current government in Poland that I think, especially with the threats being posed by Donald Trump, think it's very effective.


Here we have Poland's foreign minister, Sikorsky, you probably have seen some other speeches. I've played of foreign minister Sikorsky before, but here he is about two or three weeks ago talking about how, look, if Ukraine stops fighting, there's no more Ukraine. If Russia stops fighting the war ends. And that's what we have to remember. And he said, we need to prevail on the rest of the world. And he said, Donald Trump needs to recognize what's really going on here. Play this clip. Let us remember that this war ends. If Putin stops fighting, if Ukraine stops fighting, it's the end of Ukraine.


So what needs to ve done is to give Putin reasons to end this catastrophic criminal invasion. And we hope that President Trump comes round to our view. And about two or three weeks before that, you also had this moment for both the EU and from Polands foreign minister. Let's play this other clip. We have to put the pressure, the maximum pressure on Russia to, to really end this war. Because it takes two to one piece. It only takes one to one war. And we see that Russia really wants war and all those who want the killing to stop should put the maximum pressure on Russia. I just want to say how appalled I am by the latest spate of Russian attacks on Ukraine.


Ukraine unconditionally agreed to a ceasefire over a month ago. The heinous attacks on on Ric and on Sumi is Russia's mocking answer. I hope that President Trump, the US administration see that the, the leader of Russia is mocking their goodwill. And I hope the right decisions are taken.


This episode of the Midas Touch podcast is brought to you by Graza. And yes, it's my new favorite olive oil. It's fresh, never blended and comes from a single type of olive. The paqua straight out of high end Spain, where over half the world's olive oil is made. So what makes Graza so good? First, it's single origin, which means no mystery blends, just pure flavorful oil you could actually trust. And the packaging game changer, squeeze and spray bottles, no drippy mess, no fussy tins, just aim, squeeze. Done. They've got three types. Frizzle, the newest one for high heat frying and grilling sizzle. Your go-to everyday oil for sauteing or roasting and drizzle. A bold finishing oil you'll want to put on everything. Yes, even ice cream. Don't knock it till you try it. Personally, I love using Gaza. It's perfect for when I'm roasting veggies, super clean, super flavorful, and way easier than my old olive oil setup. I've also been making some amazing salad dressings with the drizzle oil. It's so good, so convenient. I don't think I could ever go back to anything else. So head to Graza dot co and use code Midas to get 10% off of trio, which includes sizzle, frizzle, and drizzle. And get to cook in your next chef quality meal. That's Graza dot co. And use Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S.


So If you think about the kind of right wing MAGA crew, right? Whether it was Maple Maga lost in Canada, you had Tim who Trump lose in Australia. Peter Dutton, Pierre Pev in Canada, maple Maga, he lost, he lost his seat. Dutton lost his seat. They lost in Romania as we covered yesterday, and now they lost in Poland first round. We're gonna go to the second round on June 1st. And I think people are now seeing how dangerous this far right mag strain internationally is. We're seeing this across the world. I wanna remind you of this incredible speech that foreign minister Sarkowski gave at the United Nations.


Remember in February or so when Donald Trump had the United States side with Russia and North Korea and Iran against a resolution condemning Russia for its unlawful invasion of Ukraine, not even abstain, the United States voted with Russia. Remember that? Then you had foreign minister Sarkowski gave this passion speech in the United Nations. Let's play this clip Excellencies. Ladies and gentlemen, I had many ideas for today's speech, but one by one I discarded them. Here's why We live in turbulent times.


After a short break from history that some of us enjoyed. It has again caught up with us all in times like these, when the world seems out of joint, when the old seems to be dying, but the new cannot yet be born. What we need is a return to basics, to questions about what's right and what's wrong, what's true and what's false, what's actually happened, and what's just the figment of propaganda. Almost exactly three years ago, on March 2nd, 2022 nations of the world gathered here in a special session, faced with a straight question whether to condemn, applaud or ignore Russia's invasion of Ukraine.


Their answer was clear. The measure condemning Vladimir Putin's actions was adopted by a vote of 141 in favor with 35 abstentions and unequivocal reaffirmation of our commitment to Ukraine's sovereignty, independence, unity, and T territorial integrity. Only five countries voted against, among them, Russia, Belarus, North Korea, and representatives of the now deposed Syrian regime. Here is again, play Opinions in this body began to shift in because facts have changed.


They are changing because of self-interests. Some of our member states now seem to believe that ending the war at any cost and restoring business as usual, Ru with Russia, will be beneficial as a representative of the country neighboring both Russia and Ukraine. I can tell you it'll not by normally normalizing relations with Moscow, you'd be entrusting your security and economic stability to an autocrat and a war criminal in an international environment, much more unstable than it was a decade ago.


Russian victory, may it never come, would not create a more just global order. It wouldn't benefit. Countries dissatisfied with where things stand now. It wouldn't even bring about a more just and prosperous Russia. Suffice to say there are now more political prisoners in Russia than there were in the 1980s when the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan. There are many more casualties as well. And here he is again. Let's play this other clip. We've just heard a another performance by the Russian ambassador consisting of lies, propaganda and hypocrisy.


He referred to Ukraine as a project. Ukraine is not a project. Ukraine is a country with a longer history than Russia. Ukraine is a member of this body for far longer than the Russian Federation. Ukraine has a history language and identity and aspirations all of its own with borders confirmed several times in treaties by the Russian Federation. The mission of this body from its foundation has been to Decolonize, not to recolonize.


International community cannot appease aggression because violence reproduces by indifference. Basic facts that prompted our strong unified reaction three years ago have remained unchanged. And when the facts don't change, we should stick to our guns. Poland, of course, supports peace, but peace that is stable and with justice for the victim of aggression. Thank you very much. So there, there you have it folks. Oh, let me play this as well. Former President Biden very popular in Poland.


February, 2023. He gave this incredible speech. Let's play it. We're seeing again today what the people of Poland and the people across Europe saw for decades. Appetites of the autocrat cannot be appeased, they must be opposed. Autocrats only understand one word. No, no, no, no. You'll not take my country. No, you'll not take my freedom. No, you will not take my future. And I'll repeat tonight what I said last year. In the same place, a dictator, Ben, I rebuilding an empire will never be able to ease the people's love of liberty.


Brutality will never grind down the will of the free and Ukraine. Ukraine will never be a victory for Russia. Never. Yeah, that speech was in Warsaw and now You know the Warsaw mayor is currently running for the presidency. And you saw right there that the, that he did win the first round. Mayor Rafa Kowski. Alright, so where do we go from here? June 1st is the second round. It'll just be a runoff now between Rafael Tki and Carol and Raki.


We'll be following it every step of the way here. But I want you to be able to make these connections internationally about what's happening. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.