
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms. Apply


This MLB season. FanDuel s Dinger. Tuesday is back, And this year all customers get a profit boost to BET home runs every week. So gear up to go yard all season long on FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 Plus in President Select states opt in required bonus issued is non Withable profit Boost tokens. Restrictions apply, including any token expiration in max wager amount. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER


10 years from today. Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses. Lisa's taking now with a A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does and she can finally run with the big dogs. And the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are, the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills


From a meeting at the office to a big first date. There's a lot of pressure to wear the right clothes for every event, but clothes don't make the man. So why stuff your closet with things that only work for some situations. With m Weldon, you can build a wardrobe that looks polished in any setting. Their clothing is understated and tells the world that you stay you wherever you go. They craft each piece by combining timeless style and modern performance materials so you can stay looking good and feeling comfortable from morning to evening. No wardrobe changes required. Browse everything from summer ready tech linen, shorts and anti odor polos to tailored sweats and crews for a night in. They can outfit you for anything no matter what's on your agenda for the day. Go to mac weldon.com and get 25% off your first order of $125 or more with promo code MAC 25. That's M-A-C-K-W-E-L-D-O n.com promo code MAC 25.


Canada is absolutely furious that Donald Trump, but I think it's furious, also kind of met with the hell are you even doing at this point. It's, it's a loathing, but it's a mixture of loathing and, and, and mockery as Trump's just further humiliated himself. And frankly, unfortunately I say this as an American humiliated the United States. Here's what Donald Trump posted On Friday morning. It's a rerun. We're back to attacking Canada and social media posts with tariffs. Trump says he's ending all trade discussions with Canada and we'll be levying more tariffs against them in the next seven days.


Well, I guess it's not two weeks, but it's, it's close to setting up the taco. Trump always chickens out. Donald Trump says the following. We have just been informed that Canada, a very difficult country to trade with, including the fact that they have charged our farmers as much as 400% tariffs for years on dairy products has just announced they are putting on digital services taxes on our American technology companies, which is a direct and blatant attack on our country. They're obviously copying the European Union, which has done the same thing and is currently under discussion with us. Also based on this egregious tax.


We are hereby terminating all, and he puts that in caps discussions on trade with Canada effective immediately. We will let Canada know the tariff that they will be paying to do business with the United States of America within the next seven day period. Thank you for your attention to this matter. Exclamation, but always weird when he says, thank you for your attention to this matter. And by the way, one of the other things that Canadians are furious about as well, a Canadian citizen died at a Florida ice detention facility. Someone named Johnny Novi, 49 years old, who had preexisting medical conditions and ice seems to be covering up what went down there. And I just wanna remind everybody as well, and this is why it's important that we cover international news on the Midas Touch Network.


'cause a lot of this is related and it's not being covered by corporate news in America. Right before the NATO summit at the Hagen Netherlands, there was a special EU Canada summit where Prime Minister Kearney made what I think is one of the most impactful kinda statements of geopolitical relations involving the us, Canada, and Europe at least maybe ever, but certainly in the past 50, 75 years, where Prime Minister Carney said, we're done looking at the past and no more nostalgia with America. We view ourselves as European. We're looking forward, let me just play a short version of this 'cause I'm sure you've seen it before. You'll play it. So we're meeting now in that context in, as you just said, in hard times we might say even a hinge moment of history, a world that's more dangerous and divided a time where the rules-based international, the global order rules-based global order is under threat in a time when technological change is accelerating.


And we really have two choices. This is a jurisdiction as a country in this CI circumstance. We can nostalgically look back and long for the old order to somehow return or we can build a new one with purpose and partnership. And as the most, Let's bring in Charlie Angus, former member of parliament, prime Minister Carney goes on to say, we see ourselves as European in in in that clip. And you and I had did another video on that, but Charlie, let's talk about Trump's post today or On Friday rather. What's your reaction to it, Charlie?


I think in Canada, people like probably rolled their eyes and said whatever, and went back to work because I mean, is anyone surprised that he did this? This is number one. This is not how you negotiate tariffs because they're, they're complicated issues, but he's using talking points that are just outrageous, stupid, full of lies. For example, the dairy issue. Canada doesn't have an export dairy economy. We're not competing with Wisconsin farmers. We're not trying to flood their market. But American dairy can come into Canadian markets. But there's a an agreed point to keep American dairy from flooding the market that a tariff rate applies.


That's all. It's the system that we have in Canada known as supply management for, remember Donald was announcing that he was gonna bring down the price of eggs and everyone in Canada was talking to themselves, why do we have the price of eggs? Why is it so expensive? 'cause the eggs haven't changed. In Canada, eggs are about half the price because of the system that we have where we're not massively exporting our eggs or our dairy, we keep them. For a domestic market, you can move into our market, but if you try and flood the market, there's the tariff. That's a reasonable thing. It's same with his digital services tax. This has been in place to be set up to, to come and to, to kick in for some time. If you wanna negotiate that and change that, then that's what you do. You sit down and negotiate. I think what Donald is really freaked out is that press conference with Prime Minister Carney in the eu where Canada made it clear, we're not gonna be bullied, we're not gonna be pushed around.


We're not gonna be the junior vassal state which Trump wants. Our future lies with Europe. So we're gonna make agreements. And one of those areas is gonna be on digital, which is gonna give a lot more power to Canada and the eu. And Donald's freaking out. So, you know, he, he blew it in Iran. So he is come back to his favorite punching bag, which is Canada. Nobody's surprised here. You know, this is what happens also when you breach your deals and your agreements. Like there was agreements with Canada and Mexico that Trump took nafta, made some changes to it in some additions, called it the U-S-M-C-A. And he liked that. It sounded like the YMCA and he was bragging about that, right?


And then he continues to breach his deals, breach his own agreements, act in bad faith during negotiations. You know, I mean, look, there are times where negotiations get challenging, but the idea of making a social media post in all caps and say, no, no, no, no, no, no. It's just, it's, it's just bizarre behavior. But I think what we're seeing, right, as Donald Trump's engaging in this amateurish humiliation ritual that he's dragging my America through, other countries are like, we're coming up with deals and structures. We're strengthening this. We're, we're, we're building. We can't wait for your craziness. I mean, you can't even deal. You said it originally, you know, many, many months ago when you and I first started speaking, you're like, you can't negotiate with the guy because he doesn't wanna negotiate.


Trump's goal is to humiliate and that's it. And he ends up humiliating himself. Well, this is so true. I mean, he came to the G seven a moment when world leaders came to together to try and sort of put some stability in a destabilized world. Instead, we got Donald Trump, who blew the whole thing up, and then Scrammed outta Canada before he had to confront President Zelensky. Then he went to NATO in Brussels. Again, another key point where the European allies were trying to secure with the world some level of stability with the increasing violence we are seeing in Israel. Gaza, Iran, the situation with Russia. And Donald Trump came in and lit gasoline all over the place and then walked out.


So in those, what you saw in between those two pivotal international summits was that Canada said, well, wait a minute. We've gotta find a future. And it's not with this guy, and it's not with the United States. You know, we have American officials hosting meetings claiming that Canada is some kind of terrorist haven. They're saying that we're sending massive gangs of El Salvadorians over the Canadian border. I mean, I'm sorry you've ever visited Canada. Could you show us where we have our El Salvadorian gangs? I mean, I think what next? They're gonna find weapons of mass destruction in a bunker, in some nice leafy suburb in Canada. The language that Trump is using against Canada is actually having a hugely detrimental effect on American businesses, because Canadians are pulling out, Canadians are not traveling there.


So I don't know what Prime Minister Kearney will do in response to this latest temper tantrum by President Taco. Certainly, you know, when we see that he's throwing around issues like non-existence threats like dairy, it's, it's more of his bad theater. But we've seen the show so many times, we know the punchlines. It's not funny. Nobody gets upset. So I think Canada's just gonna have to do what it's going to do. We'll probably have to go back pound for pound, dollar for dollar in trade retaliations as we watch the American economy get weaker and more unsure because who is going to invest right now? Who's gonna start moving product for the American economy when Donald Trump is blowing things up every chance he can get.


You know, it's the rhetoric of Putin too, right? Like the way Putin says, we're going into Ukraine, to dify a country that has a Jewish leader in President Zelinsky. And people go, that's crazy, but that's Trump saying, Canada has fentanyl. It's crazy. But they use these crazy things as pretext and it's all about the big lie. The bigger the lie, you know, the more people are like, huh? And then they use that as justification for their authoritarian names. What are the people telling you? You, you speak with lots of businesses, you speak with lots of workers. What's the current sentiment right now of Canadian people, Canadian business with respect to Americans, the United States?


Trump? I think what's really telling is that, you know, if we had crazy Marjorie Taylor Greene Republicans saying that Canada was a haven for terrorism, and that we were on trustworthy and we were the worst country to negotiate with most Canadians and say, well, that's just American politics. Don't think about too much. But when you're putting into power, your ambassadors, your heads of the FBI, your people in terms of international security, and they are promoting the lies and the misinformation, then it becomes very clear to Canada that we don't have a neighbor that's an ally anymore. We have a serious problem and a threat because it's a nation not under the rule of law.


So I'm, I get such a determination from Canadians. Canadians are not crossing that border, they're not going back. There's a huge charm offense going on. Poor senators and governors trying to get us to come back. We're not coming back. I think it's giving Mark Carney a lot more political power, even though he has technically a minority government. And he could be, you know, he could be challenged at any time by a vote in the House of Commons. But it gives Mark Carney a lot more leeway, I think, to make tough decisions because people know that who he's dealing with is a man. You simply can't trust what he says today. He will break tomorrow. And if that's the case, then Canada will be making longer term decisions about our future, like our alliances with Europe.


And that's going to ultimately lead to a major drop off in the, the back and forth trade that we all just took for granted, crossing the border back and forth, all the goods that cross back, back and forth. There's gonna have to be major, major realignments of our economy because of this threat. But I think Canada's set for my question is, is what's gonna happen in the United States where there doesn't seem to be this sense of needing to address the threat. They're just hoping Donald Trump will get his way and he'll show the art of the deal that that ain't gonna happen. You know, it, it's a fog that gets cast over the disaster that he's creating. And in many ways it makes it worse than if there was just one massive hit the United States took and you saw this big crash, and then you can deal with it because it's this Ponzi scheme economy.


It's a Bernie Madoff style economy, and the media in America's complicit kind of covering it up and trying to figure it out, but it's all going in the wrong direction, worse others in the world see it and they're able to maneuver. It's why we see the dollar crashing, why we see, you know, other countries and alliances becoming res, you know, look to more as being far more stable than the us. Finally, Donald Trump and his regime, watch this. We know they follow this closely. We know they follow your videos closely as you become a leader in the resistance movement with the millions of Canadians as well, shoulder to shoulder with you.


So as Donald Trump has attacked Canada yet again On Friday, what is your message to the Trump regime, Charlie Angus? Well, Donald, no offense, but you're getting really tiresome. Nobody believes you anymore. You stomp your feet, you threaten mass action. We saw you demand re regime change, and the next day you pulled the general taco routine and you were begging Iran and Israel to come back to the table and stop fighting after you poured gasoline. This does not look like a leader who's in charge of the free world or a leader who's in charge of anything. So you are threatening us. You've always threatened us. Your officials are ramping up the rhetoric against us.


It only makes us more determined. Is this gonna be a long, tough, hard slog? Yes, our job's gonna be lost. Yes, we get that as Canadians. What you need to explain, Donald, is why you've left the United States weaker, more isolated, left your people more frightened, a sense that they don't belong if they travel anywhere in the world. I'm hearing from people around the world about American travelers. American travelers are still welcome in Canada as long as, hey, just don't wear a mega hat. But you've left the American people dangerously isolated, and as long as your officials are making outrageous claims that Canada is the terrorist threat, that Canada is the problem for your gangs, that Canada's border is the biggest issue you've got to deal with.


You are obviously not dealing with the real issues that the American people voted for you, so it's gonna be what it's gonna be. Donald, just just get off social media for a while. If you want to come back to the table and negotiate your digital services tax or anything else. Hey, we're ready. But if you're not, we're moving on. Charlie Angus, former member of Parliament, leader in the Resistance in Canada. Thanks for joining us as always. Thank you so much Everybody. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 6 million subscribers. Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.