
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage. LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today.


In a stunning embarrassment for Donald Trump, Matt Gaetz, Donald Trump's attorney General Pick has just withdrawn his name from consideration as Attorney General. This as more information has come out about his behavior potentially engaging in child sex trafficking. Republicans try to cover up the ethics report by voting not to release the report, which could have detailed Matt Gaetz child sex trafficking with multiple victims, Matt Gaetz, drug use and obstruction of justice. The pressure on Matt Gaetz was apparently too significant and apparently more information potentially coming out.


So Matt Gaetz has withdrawn his name. He put out a statement. Let's just take a look at what he's saying. He wrote, I had excellent meetings with senators yesterday. I appreciate their thoughtful feedback and the incredible support of so many. While the momentum was strong, it is clear that my confirmation was unfairly becoming a distraction to the critical work of the Trump Vance transition. There is no time to waste on a needlessly protracted Washington scuffle. Thus, I'll be withdrawing my name from consideration to serve as Attorney General Trump's DOJ must be in place and ready on day one.


I remain fully committed to see that Donald J. Trump is the most successful president in history. I will forever be honored that Trump nominated me to lead the Department of Justice, and I'm certain he will save America. This coming from an alleged child sex trafficker in Matt Gaetz. Now, earlier today, a BC was reporting though that Donald Trump and Trump's team were putting a pressure campaign on Republican senators to support Matt Gaetz. Evidently, that pressure campaign failed. But let me just show you the reporting earlier, because as of about an hour ago, this was the status quo of where discussions remained.


And I'm gonna show you this specific portion from the A BC report because they quote an official Trump spokesperson as saying they're going all in on Matt Gaetz. So something happened, let's play this clip. But we're also told that behind the scenes, the Trump team has been playing hardball and they've been giving an ominous warning to any Senate Republicans who might oppose his nominees. One Trump advisor telling our John Carl that the message is, quote, if you are on the wrong side of the vote, you're buying yourself a primary. That is all. And there's a guy named Elon Musk who is going to finance it. The Trump advisor added, the president gets to decide his cabinet, no one else. This comes as yesterday. Those Republicans on the House Ethics Committee voted against releasing that report into the investigation on Matt Gaetz around allegations of sexual misconduct.


So that was the status earlier in the day, as we wrote on our Midas touch account, Matt Gaetz had to drop out because the number of days since his nomination was quickly approaching 18. Representative Eric Swalwell wrote, as I said, repeatedly last week, Matt Gaetz is never ever becoming Attorney General like ever. And as I said, there was more information that was likely going to drop. This was a scoop over from Paula Reed at CNN. The Ethics Committee was told of a second sexual account between Gates and a 17-year-old at a party according to sources.


Our editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski, writes that I still want to see the Gates Ethics Report and at the Midas Touch Network, we are still demanding the release of this report. Now, Matt Gaetz resigned from Congress as a way to preempt the release of that report, arguing that if he's no longer a member of Congress and he's Trump's Ag I then Congress doesn't have jurisdiction to release the detailed ethics report, potentially linking him with very specific details to a child sex trafficking ring do. And he and Donald Trump got the Republicans on the House Ethics Committee to go along with that. But some of the documents and data have leaked like this chart right here that shows Matt Gaetz, and it also shows his co-conspirator who's been, who's pled guilty, Joel Greenberg.


What you're looking at, there are victims of women and prostitutes sex workers who were paid off the girls too, who were paid off by these individuals according to what the, the ethics report was going to show. I mean just that image right there is shocking with all of the lines and payments. But then this ethics report portions also leaked showing how Gates would pay for the children and how he would pay prostitutes in general. So he would do it via Venmo, and he also did it via checks where he would put on the memo tuition reimbursement. And then when you looked at the Venmo notes, he would say, he's just paying for cartridges, high joy, card deductibles, travel.


Love you, just because being awesome. And this was the individual who Donald Trump thought should lead the Justice Department.


Your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. So if you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you check out Miracle Made Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and they use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long using silver infused fabrics. Inspired by NASA Miracle, Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long. No matter the weather. Get better sleeps I do. Now, thanks to Miracle Made sheets, they're luxuriously comfortable. And without the high price tag of other luxury brands, I think they are nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. They're infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. So no more gross order. So stop sleeping on bacteria, which can clog your pores, causing breakouts and acne. Just sleep clean with miracle. Go to try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order them today, you can save 40%. And if you use our promo Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you are 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So upgrade your sleep now with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S, and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE, TOWEL, SET, and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


Let's check in on what Donald Trump is doing right now. Oh, he's posting selfies of himself selling Trump guitars. Wow. I mean, can you demean the highest office in the land any more than this? Yes, he's selling 1300 acoustic guitars@gettrumpguitars.com. By the way, when you go to the website, it says that the guitars have not yet even been manufactured. They expect to be manufactured in about five to six months. All sales are final. Maybe you'll receive it then. And the guitars that you get may not even actually look like the guitars that are on the website. But I digress.


Yesterday, gates Rubio, Maga Mike Johnson, who many are calling Donald Trump's little Johnson, they were making the full court press on Capitol Hill. You see, Matt Gaetz and JD Vance all smiles, Rubio all smiles around an alleged child sex trafficker right there. And Mags were sending out message like this. Gates Rubio Vance seen together on the hill. He's getting confirmed, sorry, libs. I mean. Wow, I mean owning the libs by putting a potential child sex trafficker with zero experience in the law to lead the Justice Department.


Wow, totally gr great agenda of owning the libs right there. And speaking about the MAGA Republican agenda, they are hard at work. Bullying the first transgender member of Congress, their colleague Congresswoman McBride from the fir, the at will district in Delaware, Maga Mike Johnson saying, Congresswoman McBride, you are officially banned from using bathrooms. The women's bathroom, you are hereby banned. And then other MAGA spending the entire day yesterday talking about that as well. But now I guess the attention shouldn't one be taken off Matt Gaetz that let me be very clear, as I said at the outset, that report needs to be released stat.


Okay? And now just think about it from this perspective as well with Gates withdrawing. Now, I want you to think about I mean, how Donald Trump has compromised all of the Republicans on the Ethics Committee. They fought for this guy thinking, I suppose, that he was actually going to get in. Now, Donald Trump has exposed all of these mago Republicans on the hill as, which I think we knew this before, as willing, accomplices, aiding and abetting child sex trafficking in the very before Donald Trump's taken office. This entire Republican party now is the pro child sex trafficking party by their very own conduct this week.


And that needs to be repeated over and over again. But now attention goes to some of Donald Trump's other appointees like Donald Trump nominated Peter Hegseth. And last night, the police report from this 2017 incident where a woman was unconscious and said that Peter Hegseth, she alleged, did something to her drink, potentially went back to the hotel room. Her memory was very foggy of what happened. And then she alleges that Heg sif raped her. There's a detailed police report from the Monterey Police Department. Heif claims that it was a consensual encounter.


I, I'm the report's right here. It is a sick and disturbing report a about and what is being alleged here that Heif did to this victim. Horrific, horrific stuff. And so we will see now with Hsif, we will see with RFK Junior. A report came out earlier in the day as well about a victim of RFK junior, 23-year-old girl who was a nanny for RFK Junior, who alleges RFK would grope her and touch her inappropriately, molest her, touch her inappropriately, and RFK Jr. When he was asked about the nanny incident or the, the victimization he said happened a long time ago, you're gonna dig up things in my past that may be bad, but you know, I, I don't, I don't want to comment on those things or words to those effect.


I I, I think there was some study done that showed, doesn't have to be a big study. About 38% of Donald Trump's cabinet has these very serious sexual assault allegations against him. But then of course, Donald Trump was found liable for sexual assault and is on audio recording bragging about molesting girls and women. So that's the big news right here. Matt Gaetz is out. He's officially withdrawn his name as the Attorney General pick for Donald Trump. We'll see what happens next. But for now, I'm Ben maus. This is the Midas Touch Network. You may want to check out midas plus.com. For more on this and other breaking news, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers Real quick.


Metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.