
Hey, aren't you that PBM Middleman at your service? Doctor? Don't you get rebates that save money on medicines? Oh, PBMs like me get big rebates. So why do patients tell me they're worried about their costs? No one says we have to share the savings with patients. Congress should make sure medicine savings go directly to patients, not middlemen. Visit PMA dot org slash middleman to learn more paid for by Pharma.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be. Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.


Very bad news for Matt Gaetz, which means very good news for the United States of America. The Matt Gaetz ethics report into his child sex trafficking allegations, obstruction of justice, and other misconduct will be released. That's right. A secret meeting was held with the bipartisan ethics committee earlier this month. According to a new report by CNN, we're also reporting it on midas news.com. And in this secret meeting, there was a vote to release this report. This means that the Ethics Committee changed course from what it had decided last month when Matt Gates was first nominated and he resigned from the House of Representatives.


You'll recall in a party line vote, it was split evenly and the deadlock means that the release of the report, the ethics report into Matt Gaetz would be blocked. The Ethics Committee decided not to release it then. Now, there was a secret meeting held sometime earlier this month. This means that Republicans joined forces with Democrats on that specific committee, on that ethics committee and agreed to release the report. No doubt. Former speaker, Kevin McCarthy, probably had a hand in that convincing people over the past few weeks that that report needed to be released. And you'll recall that Kevin McCarthy basically has vowed to make his life's mission, mission to destroy Matt Gaetz.


A reminder that this report, this ethics report, contains credible allegations and again, allegations into Matt Gaetz child sex trafficking. Matt Gaetz using his position of power also to engage with prostitutes in, in other acts as well. There is an entire web of a sex trafficking ring that a gates accomplice, Joel Greenberg, who was a tax assessor in Florida, pled guilty to and said that he was willing to testify against Gates. You take a look at this web right here. This is something that's gonna be in that report once it gets released.


You see it right here. What you're seeing right there is the web of the sex trafficking cartel that has been alleged against Greenberg, and the association has been alleged by Matt Gates being involved in that should be noted. Gates denies the allegations, but we will see that report soon. Also from the report, we will see, and this, this part of it has been leaked, the Venmo payments that were made by Matt Gates as part of this trafficking allegations. You see here, these payments that were made, and it says things like he's paying the girls for joy, for cartridges, for love you for refreshment just because, for being awesome, for being here, for being my friend.


Pretty despicable stuff. But the Republicans were covering this all up until now, at least with the Ethics Committee agreeing to release it. It doesn't mean that we've now seen, it's now been revealed that they've been exposed. The Republicans in the House of Representatives voting to block the release of the report before you'll recall when a Democratic Congress member addressed the house floor and put up a vote before the entire House of Representatives to release the Gates Ethics report, the House Republicans blocked its release, which looked into criminal allegations, including sex with a minor.


You see right here, Republicans blocked it 206 and the Democrats who wanted it released 197 wanting it released. So all of those Republicans just think about it now, and I think that Democrats should be loud about this. If you supported blocking this report before, and again, I'm not talking about the people in the Ethics committee, which is a smaller group of people, all these other Republicans who were out there defending Matt Gaetz means you were defending child sex trafficking allegations. You should say the MAGA Republican Party is the party of child sex trafficking allegations. And that they support it, they endorse it.


Just say it loud and say it over and over again. Don't believe me. When Donald Trump appointed Matt Gaetz to be Attorney General here, for example, is Senator Kevin Kramer indicating that he's not particularly bothered by the credible allegations against Matt Gates play this clip. You do already see people speaking out, an attorney for two women who say Gates paid them for sex, also said they provided the committee with numerous photos of time they spent with gates. One woman testified that she witnessed having sex with a minor again, without the report. Just, does that information give you pause?


Well, it would then if the FBI hadn't dropped the investigation, which tells me something about either the credibility of the, of the testimony or, or not enough or some, for some reason, the FBI looked into all this and decided not to, to move forward. That said, Diana, whether they they release the report or not, it will certainly be reported, if not released, it'll be repeated by the Senate Judiciary Committee. 'cause all those same witnesses to your point that are coming up publicly and many more and, and much more evidence will be just as available to senate judiciary investigators and, and of course they have subpoena power. Remember, while all of these credible allegations were known, there's JD Vance, creepy JD Vance, along with Marco Rubio.


They were bringing Matt Gaetz senator to senator and just def just defending the conduct. It's cool. That's cool. According to JD Vance and Marco Rubio, you see Matt Gates there as they were walking the halls of Congress. And then they would send people to do CNN interviews like this is Anna Paulina Luna. And she's like, I find it very interesting that these allegations are coming out right now. Very peculiar timing. These allegations were always known about Matt Gaetz, but this is what Anna Paulina Luna said here, play this clip to Furthermore, You know, I find it interesting that these actual allegations come out at peculiar, peculiar timing while he's being nominated to be the Attorney General.


To be clear, I do think Matt Gaetz is going to be an incredible attorney general. I think this baseless smear campaign, frankly, is abhorrent that it's happening to someone like Matt Gates, who's done so much to fight the government corruption. And Here was a magar Republican representative, Ralph Norman, who said that Gates was a brilliant legal mind and a risk taker. That's how he referred to the allegations play this glimpse. As You know, gates is Trump's pick for Attorney General. He was the subject of an ethics committee investigation over whether he engaged in sexual misconduct and illicit drug use. The committee was supposed to vote on whether to release that report on Gates today. But now that Gates has resigned from Congress, the report has been scrapped.


What are your thoughts on Matt Gaetz? Can he actually get confirmed or is, or or is it not? He's not getting confirmed and everybody knows that. Look, Matt Gaetz is a brilliant legal mind. Matt Gaetz will, he will be the left winging socialist worst enemy when he, I think he will get confirmed. Matt can handle himself. He has nothing to hide. The DOJ dismissed all the charges. The political witch hunt, and Matt knows this, the political witch hunt on the ethics reports have been done by house members and, and we know who, who pushed that against him? He pushed back. DOJ dismissed it. And so, but he has nothing to hide.


Matt Gates is a tremendous pick. You can trust what he does, and he's a risk taker, which is good and is what is what's needed in that position. Okay, that's, that's good to have to to hear from you because I know some of your colleagues don't feel that way.


I've been trying to lose some weight lately and get a little healthier. And I'll tell you what's been a key for me. It's called ProLon and a lot of our viewers say it's changed their life. So forget everything You know about fasting. I want to tell you about ProLon by lra. It's the only patented fasting mimicking diet that combines the benefits of prolonged fasting with science-backed nutrition plans. So you can hit your health and weight loss goals without actually having to give up all the food. So introducing ProLon, it's a revolutionary plant-based program. It nourishes the body while making cells believe they're fasting research and developed for decades at the University of Southern California Longevity Institute. By the way, I teach at USC law. It's backed by leading us medical centers. ProLon helps promote healthy blood sugar supports cardiovascular health and it reduces abdominal fat. But ProLon isn't a diet. ProLon is a science science based on Nobel Prize winning discoveries in medicine. It all starts with proton's, five day program snack, soups and beverages. They're all designed to keep your body in a fasting state unlike anything you've ever experienced. I did the five day program. I feel so much better, feel more energy. And the thing is, it's not a diet, it's a science. And it was convenient. They sent me everything I needed all in one box. I followed the directions. It was great. No wonder thousands of doctors are now recommending ProLon to support healthy blood sugar and cardiovascular health. So right now, ProLon is offering the Midas Touch Podcast listeners 15% off their five day nutrition program. So go to ProLon life.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S, that's P-R-O-L-O-N-L-I f.com/midas ProLon life.com/midas for this special offer. Thanks, Prolon. That's ProLon life.com/midas. Check it out.


Now, as we know, this report's going to be released. Perhaps the most cowardly at all if that's even possible is Oklahoma Senator Mark Wayne Mullen. Now, Mark Wayne Mullen went on NN and he was asked by Jake Tapper if he was gonna vote for Matt Gaetz. And Mark Wayne Mullen, the Republican senator from Oklahoma, said, I tr whatever Trump, he says, whatever daddy, whatever daddy tells me to do here, play this clip. Are you gonna vote for Matt Gates? You know Matt Gates? And either there's no question that we've had our differences, they've been very public about it. I, I completely trust President Trump's decision making on this one. But at the same time, he's gotta come to Congress and sell himself.


There's a lot of, of there or to the Senate and sell himself. There's a lot of questions that are gonna be out there. He's gotta answer those questions and hopefully he's able to answer the questions right. And if he can, then we'll, we'll go through the confirmation process. Senator Mark Wayne Mullen from the great state of Oklahoma. Good to see you, sir. Thanks so much for being here. I really appreciate it. Coming up next, the reaction at the Justice Department when they, And why I, why I think that he's the most cowardly is he's a witness to what Gates did. He's literally a witness to some of the stuff that Gates would do on the house floor. So this was Mark Wayne Mullen, just so you could see for yourself like nine months ago, a year ago. Here play this clip. You gotta think about this guy.


This is a guy that didn't have, that the media didn't give a time of day to after he was accused of sleeping with a underage girl. And there's a reason why no one and the conference came and defended him because we had all seen the videos he was showing on the house floor that all of us had walked away of the girls that he had slept with. He'd brag about how he would crush ed medicine and, and, and chase it with, with an energy drink so he could go all night. This is obviously before he got married. And so when that accusation came out, no one defended him. And then no one on the media would give him a time of the day. All of a sudden, he found fame because he opposed the speaker of the house back in November. And he's always stayed there. And he's not, he was never gonna leave until he got this last moment of fame by saying, by, by going after a motion to vacate.


So yes, the ethics report's going to be released. Matt Gaetz is in big trouble. We're gonna get to see all of the details. And as I I've said this before with Harry Litman, I said, look, I I'm not interested in seeing people's private sex lives. I don't care about that. That's not what this is about. This is about child sex trafficking allegations and allegations of unlawful conduct while in a political office. Okay? That's why the public deserves to see it. 'cause he was a public official doing this with the trappings of his public office. And we pay for their salaries. So when you're going about doing that, and then there's allegations of child sex trafficking, yeah, I think we should know if there's a predator on the loose.


I know Republicans are okay with predators on the loose. They're predators. I know that they're, they're okay with it, but I think we should know about that, don't you think? Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million. Thanks for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things might Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, lemme point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.