
As JD Vance is just flailing and screwing himself in the Trump campaign and Trump is screwing himself and JD Governor Walls is doing some brilliant, very tactical campaigning. So one of the things that Governor Walls has been doing over the past few days that isn't getting a lot of attention is he's reaching out and speaking to a lot of these frats which ha in colleges, which for whatever reason, these kind of frat bros have been kind of pulled in the direction of Donald, Trump and Maga through all those right wing podcasters and Governor Walls is going back to them and saying, Hey look, Donald Trump's misogynism, Donald, Trump being a sexual predator, a criminal, and a felon.


That's not alpha. Don't listen to all that crap. At the end of the day, if you wanna know what's alpha, it's being a good person. It's treating people with respect. It's not punching down at marginalized communities, it's lifting people up. It's intelligence, it's thinking, it's being smart. Here, watch this by Governor Walls play the clip. This Guy was on side toes, this guy and they're both coming out for you. I think I've decided now though Matters. So I took him to the debate watch party and that just flipped like that I mean they were, they were apathetic. And that's, you know, it's Not about agreeing on every single issue. It's about that core belief. And I said this, this whole idea that you can't agree that the election was fair. This whole idea that people should have personal freedoms, which is kind of like the politics you're turning over.


Yeah. Nice meeting you all. Thank you much governor. Yeah. Really grateful. You take the time again. Yeah, it's great to meet you. Go get 'em. Talk to your friends. Some of 'em are just gonna say, look, I'm not that into politics. Yeah, the answer to that is too damn bad Politics is into you for sure. So get engaged, go vote. Thank you so much. You know, one of the underrated parts of some of these recent polls that we're seeing, like the A, b, C Ipsos poll when you dig in, is that Vice President Kamala Harris is getting support from about 45% of white people. Now that may sound like, oh well, whatever. But that would be the biggest shift since like 1976 and with all of the other constituencies that the Democrats have reached out to and who support the Democrats at significantly greater numbers, creating this coalition of pro-democracy, compassion, empathy, true love for our Constitution, that could be a game changer right there.


On the other hand, one of the messaging that Governor Walls has is that what JD Vance is doing. Take a look at just some of these comments. Here's JD Vance refusing to condemn Laura Loomer for her racist statements that the White House would smell like Curry and Vice President Kamala Harris wins play this clip. So Don't think that this is actually an issue of national import. Is Laura Luer running for president? No. Kamala Harris is running for president. And whether you're eating curry at your chick, at your dinner table or fried chicken, things have gotten more expensive thanks to her policies. Let's talk About, and here JD Van straight up admits to making up the eating cats and dogs host To. get pokes, To, get the media to talk about immigration here.


Play the Clip. The American media totally ignored this stuff until Donald Trump and I started talking about cat memes if I have to. But it Wasn't just a Meme I to create stories so that the American media actually pays attention to the suffering of the American people. Then that's what I'm gonna do, Dana, because you Just said that you've creating a story. We'll be about public policy. Sorry, you just said that. You're creating the story. What's That? Dana? You just said that this is a story that you created. Yes, so, so that the eating dog retest is not, we Are creating, we are Dana. It comes from firsthand accounts from my constituents.


I say that we're creating a story, meaning we're creating the American media focusing on it. On the other hand, you have Governor Walls giving extraordinary speeches like this. This is important. This is important. And you all know it because look, we all deal with it. Friends, neighbors, family. Oh, I like Donald Trump. You know, I don't really like how he swears and gets convicted of felonies and found liable for assaulting women. I, I don't really like that. Good, I'm glad you don't like that. But then they always go, I like his proposals. Which one? Taking your healthcare. Forcing women to bleed out in parking lots 'cause they can't get healthcare tax cuts for billionaires.


And I say this, if you're a billionaire and that's all you care about, he may be your guy. But if you're a working class person, a middle class person, a community member, I can't find much there. And the thing is, you don't have to look very far. He's not giving you much detail except it's really great. They made it easy for us. They printed 900 plus pages in project 2025. And then you had Governor Walls say this, Here's what I'm most proud of. I'm proud with our side of things. While Donald Trump spent his time whining crying grievance, Phil, oh they did me wrong. They did me wrong. It's difficult to be born with millions of dollars. It's difficult to not pay your bills.


It's difficult to have the Supreme Court say you can do whatever the hell you want with no consequence. Apparently that's difficult for him. Kamala Harris spent no time doing that. She talked about you and she talked about the future. She talked about that. Now compare that to JD Vancey disastrous speech in Atlanta where he was saying, we need to really tone down the Reddit right now here, play this clip. But I do think that we should take this opportunity to call for a reduction in the ridiculous and inflammatory political rhetoric coming from too many corners of our politics.


Look, we can disagree with one another, we can debate one another, but we cannot tell the American people that one candidate is a fascist. And if he's elected, it is gonna be the end of American democracy. We cannot as a per, as a person affiliated with Kamala Harris has said that we need to quote, eliminate Donald J. Trump. A New York Democratic Congressman has said that in the past. If you tell the American people that this person is the end of democracy, if you tell the American people that this person needs to be eliminated, most of them thank God are gonna ignore you. But some crazy person is gonna take matters into their own hands and actually listen to the crazy rhetoric that you're putting out there.


Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. And on the app, it lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives you tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and even stress management. That's why I love it. All you have to do is you breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning and you'll know what's going on in your metabolism. Whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs, then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for that day based on your measurements. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals so you know exactly what's going on in your body in real time and lumen. we will give you tips to keep you on top of your health game. Your metabolism is your body's engine. It's how your body turns the food you eat into fuel that keeps you going because your metabolism is at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to a bunch of benefits, including including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, better sleep, et cetera. Lumen gives you recommendations to improve your metabolic health. It can also track your cycle as well as the onset of menopause and adjust your recommendations to keep your metabolism healthy through hormonal ships so you can keep up your energy and stave off cravings. Look, I love Lumen and I know you will too. So if you want to take the next step in improving your health, go to Lumen, LUME n.me/midas To, get 15% off your Lumen. That is LUME n.me/midas for 15% off your purchase. One more time. Go to lumen.me/midas, LUME n.me/midas and get 15% off your purchase. Thank you lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Really? JD Vance, you wanna tone down the rhetoric? 'cause here's what Donald Trump was saying at the exact same time. play the clip, No votes, you know, she got no votes, but she'd be very bad for the country. We have to save our country. We can't play games and we can't have a a Marxist Communist president because that's not what it's all about. So we're gonna do it and we're Gonna, or then when JD Vance was asked whether he would veto an abortion ban or whether Donald Trump would veto an abortion ban, he goes, I learned my lesson here. Play this clip. Just To put a fine point on this, you're saying he wouldn't support it, so would he veto it? Kristen, I think that I've learned my lesson on speaking for the president before he and I have actually talked about an issue.


And here's what JD Vance said as well, here play this clip. And I know it's popular on a lot of corners of the left to say that we have a, we have a both sides problem. And I'm not gonna say we're always perfect. I'm not gonna say that conservatives always get things exactly right. But you know, the big difference between conservatives and liberals is that we ha no one has tried to kill Kamala Harris in the last couple of months. And two people now have tried to kill Donald Trump in the last couple of months. I'd say that's pretty strong evidence that the left needs to, to tone down the rhetoric and needs to cut this crap out. Somebody's gonna get hurt by it and it's gonna destroy this country. Somebody is gonna get hurt. And you think about what an incredible wound it would open up in the United States of America.


All of us, and I promise I will do my part to tone down the rhetoric, but in particular the people telling you that Donald Trump needs to be eliminated. You guys need to cut it out or you're gonna get somebody hurt. Now compare that to Governor Walls In her, in her entire professional career. She's had one client, the people, the people, And she says this in her entire career, prosecutor, attorney, general senator, vice president, she never asked Democrat or Republican. She asked, are you okay? And what can we do to make things better?


So look, we were in Pennsylvania on this bus road, this was really great. We old school, we're getting on these buses and we're going into red areas and we're talking to anybody who's out there because look, let's just be honest, and she knows this better than anybody. We were looking out at a crowd of supporters and there was a whole bunch of our supporters with signs just like you, and we're all excited and really great T-shirts by the way, up front here. And then on the other side of the street were folks who weren't our supporters. It's easy to tell. They're all in the same hat as I always say, a group of independent thinkers on one side of the street over there ready to go. But she turned to me and it was just Gwen and I and Doug and Kamala Harris.


And she turned around to me and she said, Tim, never forget, we fight just as hard for folks on this side of the street is folks on this side of the street. A lot of people who I was talking to said that, you know, one of the things that Vice President Kamala Harris and Governor Walls should do is they should do outreach to, you know, young males who for whatever reason have been pushed towards this MAGA stuff by a lot of these right wing influencers. And remember we told you like that Donald Trump did that weird interview with the butt sniffing guy that Aidan Aidan Ross or whatever the guy's name is, who like sniffs the butts of people. Like I just think it's important also to not let MAGA try to claim, oh, their masculinity or this or that.


I just think that what I, what I like that Governor Walls is doing and speaking to young men also is saying, you know, look, treating you know your neighbors with respect, treating marginalized communities with respect, treating women with respect, treating all people with respect and equality and not punching down and not mocking people and not being mean and not being rude and being smart is what really matters. So I think you see the contrast there at play. And then you've got Donald Trump out there giving speeches like, oh here play this clip. You saw it. Or Donald Trump calling or Donald Trump talking about golden showers in high schools like in urinating.


Like here play the clip. He was with four hookers. You think that was good that night to go up and tell my wife? It's not true, darling, I love you very much. It's not true. Actually, that one she didn't believe. 'cause she said he's a germaphobe. He's not into that. You know, he's not into golden showers as they say. They called it, he's not. I don't like that idea. No, I didn't. I thought that would be a big problem. I was gonna have a rough night. But that one she was Very good on. She said No. Like again, what is that Like? what the heck? That's not like alpha or cool. It's some weird stuff. And I like that.


Governor Walls, there's doing that outreach. Anyway, let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million.