
The land down under has never been easier to reach. United Airlines has more flights between the US and Australia than any other US airline. So you can fly nonstop to destinations like Sydney, Melbourne, and Brisbane. Explore dazzling cities, savor the very best of Aussie cuisine, and get up close and personal with the wildlife. Who doesn't wanna hold a koala? Go to united.com/australia to book your adventure.


I'm joined by George Conway, a man who needs no introduction. He founded the Anti Psychopath Pack. George, welcome. I want to get your reaction to yesterday's bizarre, disastrous, unhinged, mentally unwell press conference by Donald Trump. Well, I think you just summed it up there. I mean, I think this is the part of the campaign I've been so looking forward to, which is when people actually get to see Donald Trump again, I think it was a great advantage for Trump for essentially the last three and a half years to be off of a lot of people's radar screens. So they began to forget, I mean they forget the, they even forget the pandemic and what happened during the pandemic.


But let's leave that aside. They forget his craziness. They forget the chaos. They forget the reason why he just exhausted the American people. And, and, and so now they're seeing that again. And he's much, much worse. Now he's much worse because these people with, you know, malignant narcissists, these narcissistic sociopaths only get worse over time, as history has shown. And he's getting older and he's obviously suffering cognitive decline. And he's under so much more pressure than he has been over the past few years because Now, he realizes he's, he, you know, he stands convicted of 34 felonies. He stands charged with 54 more.


And if he's not elected president, there is going to be nothing that's going to prevent him from going to prison. Maybe he'll get lucky in one of these, in one of his appeals. But, you know, I mean he's not gonna go four for four. And so he knows he's looking at a prison sentence. It stresses him out. He doesn't know how to combat it. He's also suffering narcissistic injury because he, he is get, he's watching Kamala Harris get the acclaim and the praise and the applause and the crowds that he can't yet, and she's basically trolling him just by being a happy warrior. And he's miserable.


So, you know, it's not, it's interesting that he's decided to stop campaigning over the next couple weeks. I think he's done that. He's doing that because I, I think to protect his own fragile ego, he can't compete with her. So Right now, he's not gonna try. He is gonna sit there and sulk and he is gonna start pointing fingers at his aids and he is gonna start lashing out. And we saw a lot of that yesterday. So, talking about that narcissistic injury, there was one part during the press conference where he was bragging about his crowd size, which he of course lied about at the January 6th insurrection. And he was saying how much bigger his insurrection crowd was than Martin Luther King's crowds were.


Let me just show you this moment, and because the Antis psychopath pack goes into the pathology O of Donald Trump, I wanna get your take right here on what he said. Let's play it. Never see the picture of the crowd. The biggest crowd I've ever spoken. I've spoken to the biggest crowds, nobody's spoken to, crowds bigger than me. If you look at Martin Luther King, when he did his speech, his great speech, and you look at ours, same real estate, same everything, same number of people. If not, we had more. And they said he had a million people, but I had 25,000 people. But when you look at the exact same picture and everything's the same because it was the fountains, the whole thing, all the way back to from Lincoln to Washington.


And you look at it and you look at the picture of his crowd, my proud, we actually had more people. They said, I had 25,000 and he had a million people. And I'm okay with it. 'cause I liked Dr. Martin Luther King. Yeah. Do we even look Extra accordion hands there? Piano, tiny piano fingers. What's your reaction? I'm not even sure what he's talking about there. Is he really talking about the January 6th ellipse event? Because that was not in the same location as the I have a Dream speech. The I Have A Dream speech was at the Lincoln Memorial, not to get too technical about this, but it was at the Lincoln Memorial and by the pool there.


And then the ellipse speech was, you know, about half a mile or a mile a mile away. And I don't know how you, you know, I mean, obviously his crowd then was too large, but not nearly as large as what Dr. Martin Luther King had that they said, well, I'm, I really have no idea what he's talking about on any number of levels. I mean he is just de delusional. I mean, he, he said a lot of other bizarre and delusional things where he's remembering things that didn't occur or professing to describe things that didn't occur. For example, he had that crazy story about, about I mean the, the de the Republicans are fixated on Kamala Harris' relationship like 30 years ago with California, the California legislator, Willie Brown, and the Trump goes on about being in a near helicopter crash with Willie Brown.


And Willie Brown said, never been on a helicopter with him. And then it turns out that, yeah, he was on a helicopter with Jerry Brown, who's a different brown. They don't look, there you go, they don't look much alike. And, and Jerry Brown says, yeah, we, they, we went on a helicopter, but we didn't crash. So it's just the stuff that goes on in his brain, you know, he's a pathological liar, but you can't, he can't separate in his own mind truth from falsity from what he wants to be true, what he just wants to say, and things that just randomly pop in his mind.


His mind is just an absolute mess. And we saw that yesterday, couldn't even answer a question. It's just, this man is in no condition to run an ice cream stand, let alone the United States government. You know, as you were telling that helicopter story, it's interesting because there, there was a, an incident in the late 1980s, I believe, where someone from the Trump organization died in a helicopter crash. And then Donald Trump tried to Donald, Trump lied and said he was supposed to get on that helicopter. There was actually a book that was written by Wayne Barrett who happened to write Donald Trump did not hesitate to use that helicopter crash in the late eighties for his personal advantage.


He planted stories suggesting that he had almost boarded the charted cop himself, though he's never ridden to Atlantic City on one, just an interesting anecdote that he lies about the same types of things and helicopter crashes over and over again. 'cause that pathology, I think had is historically been there, but it's getting worse, right, George? Right? It absolutely is. And the pathology is his, you know, first of all, he is a sociopath who, who pathologically lies. But the narcissistic aspect of him is that he ag you know, he engages himself. Aggrandizement. That's an example. Like I almost was killed. And I defied that. And then he's, he's done that in the past.


For example, he, after nine 11, he said that he had been down at ground zero with the, with the first responders. There's no evidence he was ever down at ground zero in 2001 or 2002 with, with the, the, the first responders who were digging, digging out from digging out the rubble. And, and also at the same time though, he didn't have any empathy for, for the, for the people who suffered that day. 'cause you remember that, that video of him on the, on the morning of January, I mean, excuse me, in the morning of September 11th, they're asking him about what unfolded down there, because he owned 40 Wall Street, which was just right down the street from the World Trade Center.


He said, I now have the biggest building in New York. Which wasn't true, by the way, but that's all he cared about. So he basically, it didn't matter to him that his colleagues died in that helicopter crash in Atlantic City. It was just an opportunity for him to say, oh, look at how I survived. You saw the same thing with the shooting in Pennsylvania. You know, he gets clipped by something we we're not really, really sure what. And of course that becomes a big deal. And look at me, I took a bullet for you. And at the same time, you didn't really have much to say about the guy who was killed, the fireman who was killed until basically was pointed out what you didn't call, you didn't call the, the, the, the man's widow.


And you didn't do anything about him, and you didn't say anything about him. It's just classic Trump. Everything is about him, about his self aggrandizement. If nothing is about anyone else, nothing is about anybody else's suffering or problems. And that's not what we want in an American president. We want somebody who actually cares about something other than himself. I mean granted, you're gonna always gonna have politicians, you know, they're, they're gonna be self-centered to a large extent because that's the kind of character you get in politics. But this is just to an extreme. This is just to an extreme. And, you know, I mean, Joe Biden, he held on for a while 'cause he thought he could do the best job for the American people. But at the end of the day, he did the right thing because he understood it wasn't about him.


And then he went up to Wilmington yesterday to, to say thank you to all of the people who are working I mean imagine being in Wilmington, Delaware for that long. All who were working hard to get him reelected. And then, then, then they had to go through this trauma of switching candidates and he wanted to express his gratitude. Donald Trump would've never done that. Donald Trump would've blamed them for the, for, for his own failures. And Donald Trump is just, I mean. He, he is just everything you do not want in a public official and everything you do not want in a human being. He is absolutely, he's everything you want, you tell your children not to be and not to do.


And he is, he is the, you know, I mean, not that all of us are angels or perfect, and not that we don't do selfish or bad things from time to time, but at least we have consciences that keep us, keep us in check and, and make us feel bad when we don't do what we should do. And he has none of that. In addition to the fact that his brain is just a scrambled mess. George, within 48 hours of the Butler Pennsylvania incident, Donald Trump started selling assassination edition sneakers. This is not parody. He sold them and then he rolled out four or five other editions of this, a boot, a black sneaker.


It's the Fight, fight, fight edition. He signs 10 and he's selling them for $299. And there were only 5,000 of them available. So trying to make about $1.5 million. Like, like who, who does that I mean? Could you have 'em I mean? I'm sure those yeah, those sneakers will be a big hit at the prison commissary, I'm sure. But I, you know, it, it's just crazy. I mean, it, it is just, and it's sort of interesting because I, I wrote the forward to a book lately, recently by Joe Conan, a long time antagonist of, of mine. He used to, he used to write bad things about me in the nineties when I was working on the Paula Jones case.


And we've become good friends. And I wrote the forward to his book, which is all about how the Republican party and the conservative movement, the right generally has become an eng, a giant engine of grift. And that's one of the reasons why it glommed on to Donald Trump because they could sell him, they could sell him to some people who would buy these sneakers. I mean, who buys these sneakers? Well, there are a lot of people who apparently will buy this crap. They buy the 10, the Trump NFTs, they buy these coffee table books of, of, of Trump waving at the helicopters or whatever they buy.


You know, they, they just, they're just, it's, it's just a, a weird, weird sick industry. And Trump is there to profit from it. And he's, he's there to profit from it. He's there to, to, to aggrandize himself from it. And, and that's, you know, that, that's, we don't want that in the president. We don't want, we don't want somebody who's just out there to benefit himself. And that's what he is. So yesterday Donald Trump made about a hundred posts post, post, like post after post. Within one hour he posted 27 separate memes like this, a very racist meme where he like imposed vice President Kamala Harris's face and like darkened it extra black and like different colors and put it on a beetle and said, are you buying our bullshit?


This one where he makes himself into a cowboy and says, you tell him I'm coming and the American people are coming with me. Another one where he puts himself in front of a cross and says, put on the full armor of God. One where he quotes Q anon, I mean these are reposts by him, but he's posting these things where we go one, we go all, which is the death cult slogan. Yet when you take a look at all of this, the New York Times headline was Trump reinvents platform in a bid to court voters from taxes to TikTok. And, you know, the, the, the normalization of this behavior. I gotta get your reaction to that before we go. Look I mean, it's something I've been yammering about for a long time.


I mean there should have been at some point the front page story about his mental problems, his mental illnesses, and his cognitive decline. I, I don't know, I, it's incomprehensible to me that so many parts of the mainstream media just will not talk about this. And I think the most interesting discussion of it is something that I mentioned in the launch video for our political action committee, which is there was a, a memoir written by a recently retired executive editor of the Washington Post. He had been executive editor for many, many years.


He basically ran the newspaper. And in 2019 he began having, the colleagues began trying to impress upon him the need to start talking about Donald Trump's mental state. I mean he was particularly unhinged, if you recall, in, in the late summer of 2019, I think it was, in part because he realized the Ukraine scandal was about to hit him, but also he was falling behind in the polls. And he realized that he, he might not be reelected, and he realized that he was subject to potential criminal liability. And, you know, he started really, really, he, he had a bad few months in late 2019, and then he got boosted again in 2020 with the, with the impeachment acquit.


But this executive editor of Washington Post wrote about how, okay, the Conway wrote this article in the Atlantic really well written article, he says about Trump's mental state. And, and people were saying they, we should follow up on that. And This isn and, and a former editor urged me to do it, but I decided that that's not for us to do. It's like this is the same media that talked about, about Joe Biden's word slips and for for weeks on end. And they're, you know, that's the same reasoning that they, the reasoning that they didn't, the reason that they didn't talk about Trump's mental state back then, even though he's slurring his word, he's been slurring his words for years, was basically, well, we're not doctors or we're not experts.


Like, well, you're no more an expert in cognitive decline and dementia and other diseases, possible manifestations of old age than they are mental health. And so it's like you cover that stuff. If somebody, if the president is ill, he has cancer, he has, or a presidential candidate has, some has to undergo treatment, you get doctors on and you start talking about it so that he can explain to the American people what's going on with this particular public official and how it might affect their performance and whether or not they can serve the public I mean. We saw that with the United States Senator John Fetterman.


We talked, we had an, we had actually, it was a reasonable discussion in, in the national press about depression. And whether somebody with depression who's treated for it, can serve as the United States Senator. But this is a man who has a mental disorder that is a hundred times worse than about with, about, with depression and a lot more dangerous to the country. You know, and Abraham Lincoln actually was, he would've been on Prozac, they say today if he, if he were alive. But, you know, we gotta talk about these things. It goes to qualifications. It, it's not something that, that, that it's not some side issue.


That doesn't matter. This goes to the core of how he behaves, what he's important to him, whether he can process information, whether he can exercise judgment on behalf of the country and to preserve the constitution. And whether or not he places any value in anything that doesn't assuage his ego. George, I'd be remiss if I didn't ask you what's in the background right there. Those little dog statutes in the background. This, these are corgis. They are, they're porcelain corgis and they're about five of them. I've collected like two or three sets of them. And, and, and also here is a real corgi.


There is, this is a real corgi down there. Do you see him? I I, I see him and it brings a smile to my face. And George, I just think people, we, we wanna, we wanna go to the parks with our dogs and, and, and hang with cats and not have people call others childless cat ladies. Like joy is a real thing. Right now. Yeah. And the fact that that's being injected back into it, that we can have a realistic, you know, approach to the challenges we face, but actually recognize that, you know, we could unite and do great things for the country. I think that's catching on. Yeah, I think that's I mean. That's right. I mean, you know, we can disagree on things like, oh, what's the proper marginal tax rate and whether or not there's, we should spend money on X or y or not at all, but we're all in this together and we have this system where we are that forces us and at its best, forces us to talk about these things, maybe resolve them imperfectly.


It's never gonna be perfect. And, and the government can't fix everything, which is why I became a conservative. I thought that, you know, I thought the, the liberals in the seventies thought that they could fix everything with the right laws. Now the Trumpers are basically the people who want to enhance the government because they think they can force everyone to behave the way they want or to do harm to other people and, and to subjugate them through the use of the government. And that's not the purpose of the government. The purpose of our democratic government and the rule of law is to provide a system whereby we can resolve disputes about how we use public resources and how we, and what freedoms we have without, you know, in, in an amicable or not perfectly amicable, but in a cooperative way that allows us to maximize our, our wellbeing.


And, you know, whether or not we dis we agree on every issue or disagree, we should agree on that. And that frankly should be 90% of the ballgame. That's what we're, that's what we here for. That's why we stand for freedom. Whether we're Democrats or, you know, now Republicans don't really do that, which is shocking to me. But whether or not we're right or left, we should be standing for freedom and standing for the people's, people's ability to live their lives as best they can. And to help and to, and to show compassion to others and to help other people in the world, you know, aspire to the same goals. Everybody check out psycho pack.org. When George Conway launched it, he put his money where his mouth was and made a big contribution to launch the pack.


And everybody, you should support it as well, psycho pack.org. George, thanks for your time. Appreciate that. Thank you. Hit subscribe. We're on our way to 3 million subscribers. Let's get there this month and have a wonderful day. Real Quick, meta just changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch Right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.