
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going. Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit shopify.com to upgrade your selling today.


Buying a home used to feel like a complete headache. Listings here, pre-approval there financing somewhere else. Now Rocket is giving every home one address. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, and refinance your home. Everything you need, all under one roof. Visit rocket.com. The new home for all things home ownership Rocket. Own the dream.


This episode is brought to you by me. Undies, underwear. Drawers are like the wild west. You never know what you're gonna pull out or what shape it's in. So upgrade your collection with the buttery soft comfort of MeUndies. MeUndies Signature fabric is as soft as a warm hug from your favorite sweater. Plus it's breathable and oh so comfy, making it ideal for all day wear. Get 20% off your first order, plus free shipping on orders of $75 or more at meundies.com/spotify. Enter promo code Spotify.


Why are you such a coward in the face of an obvious fascist takeover, Andrew? Whoa. That was from Marjorie Taylor Green's Town Hall in her district, obviously a Ruby Red District. She did everything she could to try to keep out people with any dissenting views. She wouldn't really even have people ask questions. She was reading the questions live, and you got questions like that. You also got Marjorie Taylor Green. Get questions like this about Donald Trump being not physically or mentally. Well watch how she handled it. Play this clip. What are you doing to protect us in the 14th district from the damage and extreme hardship of Trump's tariffs, gutting of Social security and Medicaid?


Wow. Doge gutting our government with a chainsaw approach and the utter destruction at ignoring of our constitution and rule of law. He is not well physically or mentally, and he's making nonsensical orders based on his his whim of the day. How are you going to reign him into protect us? Oh, poor Christina. Poor, poor Christina. Well, I'm sure Christina, you think that you're pretty smart, but the reality is you are being completely brainwashed by whatever source of news you listen to. The facts are this. No one has lost their social security.


No one has lost their benefits. Criminals have lost it. Yes, fraudsters have lost it. Yes. And illegal aliens have lost it. Yep. And if you wanna defend those people where you hate our country and you hate America, what am I going to do? I am going to stand by my president. I'm going to support my president, and I'm gonna fight for his agenda with everything I have in Congress. And that's what I'm gonna do for the 14th District, because I know for a fact you are going to have more money in your pocket. You're going to have more jobs available, you're gonna have a stronger economy, and you're gonna have safe cities and communities to live in, and you'll be safe from terrorist cartels and criminals.


And God bless President Trump for that. I'm gonna show you more of Marjorie Taylor Green's town Hall from yesterday. I also want to show you Magar Republican Congress member Brian Ma from Jupiter, Florida. Now he got mercilessly booed over and over again. Let me show you one such incident of that. Let's Play this clip right now. Theory. These are all very specific example that's not a godly thing you say in the church and what we're gonna get to, that's a potty mount in the church.


Disgusting. Yeah, it was pretty much him getting booed the entire time right there. Let's go back to the Marjorie Taylor green clip I showed you at the beginning, so you get the full context of the question. And ultimately how she answered here, let's play the clip. Why are you such a coward in the face of an obvious fascist takeover? Andrew Woo. Gary, that's Gary. You know, I've yet to see a fascist gathering that doesn't exist in the Republican Party. As a matter of fact, president Trump is the most transparent president in history.


The man literally talks to the press every single day. It's amazing. Not only that, he takes them on Air Force One and takes them to UFC fights. He talks to 'em in Gaggles on the plane. He talks to them all the time. This is, this is such an amazing thing that happened. You know? Well, the Associated Press shouldn't have told as many lies as they did about President Trump. Okay? Then a protestor was there. Who referred to Marjorie Taylor Greene, as you are a butch body bigot Here, Play this clip That are not just living at the border. Ladies and gentlemen, they're all inside the interior of the United States.


How about The all inside the interior of the United States? You can head out. The protest is outside. Thank you very much. Protest is outside You. Money Pick you money pick. Protest is outside. Bye. Have fun out there. Then. A protester was there with a sign that said, jail for insider traitors that obviously struck a nerve with Day Trader or Marjorie Taylor Greene, who made a lot of suspicious trades right before Donald Trump's announcements on tariffs Play this clip Live in a place where I am one of the members of Congress that usually has the highest amount of death threats.


As a matter of fact, Going to Iowa right now, Chuck Grassley got jeered at a town hall meeting when he was asked about Donald Trump refusing to abide by a Supreme Court's ruling. Play this clip. You gonna bring a guy Battleship for Mel Salvador? Why not? Well, because that's not a, that's not a power of Congress. Supreme Court said to bring it back the President Constitution, he's the Constitu Judiciary Committee. Trump, don't care if I get an order and pay a check for $1,200.


And I just say, no. Does that stand up? I, because he's got an order from the Supreme Court and he's just said no. Yeah, screw it. I'll be able to answer your question. You ignored my letter. Or El Salvador is an independent country, the president of country. Speak up, please. We can't hear you. The president of that country is not subject to our US Supreme Court. Pissed. We're still paying them to keep them down there. We don't have to pay them.


The older I get, the more I find myself wanting to be more intentional about the way I live, eat, and take care of my body. That's why I'm so happy. I found Mosh Mosh, which you may have heard about on Shark Tank, was founded by Maria Shriver and her son, Patrick Schwartzenegger, with a simple mission to create a conversation about brain health through food education and research. Maria's father suffered from Alzheimer's, and since then, she and Patrick have dedicated themselves to finding ways to help other families dealing with this debilitating disease. Mosh joined forces with the world's top scientist and functional nutritionist to go beyond your average protein bar with eight delicious flavors, including a plant-based one in peanut butter and chocolate. Each Mosh bar is made with ingredients that support brain health like ashwagandha. Lines made collagen and omega threes, and now Mosh bars come with a new look and new formulation featuring a game changing brain boosting ingredient that you won't find in any other bar. Mosh is now the first and only food brand boosted with Cognizant, a premium nootropic that supplies the brain with a patent form of Citi Choline. But here's the best part to make you feel good. Mosh donates a portion of all proceeds from your order to fund gender-based brain health research through the woman's Alzheimer's movement. Why gender-based? Because two-thirds of all Alzheimer's patients are women. Mosh is working closely to close the gap between women and men's health research. Personally, I love the taste of my Mosh bars. My favorite is the peanut butter crunch, which I have each morning before I head off to the gym. Now, if you wanna find ways to give back to others and fuel your body and your brain, Mosh bars are the perfect choice for you, head to Mosh life.com/ Midas Plus to save 20% off, plus free shipping on the bestseller trial pack. That's 20% off. Plus FREE shipping on the Best Sellers Trial Pack at MOS HLI f.com/midas. Thank you Mosh for sponsoring this episode.


More from that town hall right here you have Magar Republican senator, Chuck Grassley, seeing very angry Iowa residents who were letting them know about, you know, so Donald Trump is, I'm trying to get this straight. So Donald Trump is doing tax cuts for billionaires, $4.5 trillion in tax cuts. But y'all are saying that $70 is too much for food stamps for people who are starving to death Play this clip. I think the general population is sick and tired of hearing about the tax cuts for the wealthy, the ultra wealthy, that Uber rich, whatever you wanna call 'em. When you, when you start nitpicking about whether some single mom or single dad or somebody with somebody in prison is getting $70 too much food stamps, that doesn't even buy you anything at the grocery store.


More on Senator Chuck Grassley's Town Hall Here Play this clip. There's money gonna go out to the people that are doing Medicare Advantage. That is privatization of Medicare. Yes, that's right. And we don't want it. No. And they take advantage of the People all time. But 50% of the seniors do want it because No, they don't. Let me explain why I said 50%. 50% of the seniors are enrolled in Medicare bank Because no, that doesn't mean they want it. They got go. They got AdChoices. It's insurance companies. Insurance companies are thin controlling you.


And they'll tell you that us call in every year because they can change the rules, whatever they want to Do. And then there was a moment as well in Marjorie Taylor Green's Town Hall, where an individual who was there protesting her or disagreeing with her, was actually tased by the police. Here, Play this clip. Stop This. This is a, this is a peaceful town hall.


Now this is a Peaceful attack. And then Marjorie Taylor Greene lied and said that tariffs are not a massive tax on the American people. Let's play this. The reality is tariffs are not a massive tax on the American people. The tax on the American people that you've been suffering with is the inflation that Biden and the Democrats put on the American people from their absolute reckless spending for the past four years. I want you to see the contrast between a Marjorie Taylor Greene Town Hall. What are Democrats doing? The fight, the Oligarchy tour. Bernie Sanders, a OC. Yesterday they were in Bakersfield, which voted for Trump like 60% of the people like voted for like, like Trump beat Kamala Harrison Bakersfield, which is part of Kern County by like 30 points.


Like even Senator Adam Schiff didn't win. Kern County, I think he lost to the Republican candidate by like 30 points as well. Ruby Red area. But they have a MAGA Republican Congress member, Valeo, who's refusing to show up and do town halls. He's scared and vulnerable, and Bernie Sanders and a OC after going to Idaho, salt Lake City, they're in Nampa, Idaho, salt Lake City, Utah, Los Angeles. They've been traveling the country. And then I've been following Bernie's tour when he was in Michigan and Wisconsin. But here he is in Bakersfield, California, which is a Ruby right area in California. Play this clip. Now you have a congressman here. His name is Representative Ballero.


So I don't know if he is watching the live stream or not, but if he is, let me just say this to him. I come from the state of Vermont and I'm here in Bakersfield. Alexandria comes from New York, and she is here in Bakersfield. Now, Mr. Congressman, you live in this district. Why don't you show up at a town meeting like this?


And here is a OC not holding back Play this clip Bakersfield. This is a matter of fact. Donald Trump is a criminal. He was found. He was found guilty of 34 felony counts of fraud, found liable for sexual abuse. And if he wants to find the rapist and criminals in this country, he should look in the mirror. Share this with you. With you as well. Our friend, democratic Congress member Ro Kana here.


He was speaking to students and he was saying how JD Vance is a stain on the degree of every Yale law student Play this clip In Vance is America. Police cannot knock on any immigrant's door, deport him to a dictatorship without due process, and then wash their hands of his faith, pretending that America is powerless to free someone outside our borders. That's what they did with Abrego. That's what they've done with Mebo Gutierrez, a 19-year-old Venezuelan who may have no criminal record and whose heartbroken father is searching for him in vain.


Let me say this as clearly as I can. JD Vance, your cold indifference to the lives of vulnerable immigrants that razed every principle that this law school was built upon. Finally, president, former President Biden spoke yesterday in Chicago, gave a great speech, and here's a small clip of what he had to say. Play this clip. So this would desperately need you folks. It's not just the Secretary of Commerce where we heard how others empowered and emboldened by this administration talk about social security. One of 'em called it a Ponzi scheme.


A Ponzi scheme. What the hell are they talking about? People earn these benefits. They paid into that benefit. They rely on that benefit. And no one, no one, no one should take it away. Oh, this was a great moment too. So Michael Cohen, Jim Acosta, Don Lemon held a town hall in New York and they gave the Midas Touch Network a shout out. That was a pretty cool moment from the Town hall by Lemon Acosta and Cohen on New Media. Let's Play this clip. It's Going to make a difference in getting the word out. You, you wanna know how, how we get it done. Take Midas Touch network, start it out with one person, and now they're up to 5 million people that's on there that every single day they're putting out additional content.


You take their 5 million, you add gyms and and you add Dons, and you add Olivia's and Taras and, and Harry's. And man, my, my few, and you put it together. And next thing you know, they're beating Joe Rogan. They're beating out Fox. They're beating out mainstream, mainstream news. All right? So when they now have some sort of a march or anything, all you need to do is you contact the Marcellus brothers. Next thing you know, you got 10 million people showing up and that that's an army. Got one more thing That I want. There you have it, folks. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Town halls, everybody Town halls you by. Its me. Drop, drop, check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, pads, sweatshirts, and more.


All at store. Job Midas Touch dot com.