
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date, so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply. Republicans are already going to war against each other. Let's just take a look at what's happening in the Senate where there will be a secret ballot vote for Senate Majority Leader on Wednesday.


All of the MAGA are pissed that Mitch McConnell scheduled this as a secret ballot vote. The MAGA want MAGA Republican Senator Rick Scott to be the MAGA Senate majority leader leapfrogging over senators John Thon and Senator John Corden. Corny is from Texas. They are next in line to be the leaders. So there is a three way race right now. The mags want Rick Scott and they absolutely hate John Thune and John Corny. They believe this is all part of a Mitch McConnell plot to try to undermine and attack Donald Trump from within.


In essence, another faction they are saying of the Republican party is functioning as the deep state to attack the MAGA agenda. Now, Elon Musk and all of the online MAGA are pushing for Rick Scott, which according to multiple sources, Politico, Axios, and our own sources, it is backfiring as lots of Republican senators do not want to seed their own power and turf. And if they can do a secret ballot, they don't feel that they have to be afraid that Donald Trump will come after them since no one will know who they voted for. Let's take a look at who these individuals are. Let's take a look at what's going down.


So for example, Elon Musk is using his right wing extremist platform that he controls, which is now called x to push for Rick Scott to be the Senate majority leader. Rick Scott basically says, I will do whatever Donald Trump wants me to do. Now, a note about Rick Scott, just to remind you who Rick Scott is, here's a nice fact sheet about him. He was forced to resign from the company called Columbia, HCA, since it engaged in the largest Medicare fraud in United States history. The company pled guilty to 14 felonies and three counts of conspiracy to defraud the United States.


During Rick Scott's deposition in connection with this fraud, when he was the CEO and chairman of this company, he invoked the Fifth Amendment 75 times before the deposition was shut down. The company's punishment was a fine of $1.7 billion for stealing from the government. And of course, this is Mag's favorite right now. And by the way, you know, we go to the source documents here at the Midas Touch Network. So let's just take a look at the, at this deposition here it is, July 27th, 2000 from the case, Nevada Communications Court versus Columbia HCA. You see that Richard L. Scott, Rick Scott was the one being deposed.


He's asked pretty basic questions like, sir, would you please state your name? He says that, are you employed? The response was from the lawyer. If I can interject, under normal circumstances, Mr. Scott would be pleased to answer the question or other questions you posed today. Unfortunately, because of dependency of a number of criminal investigations relating to Columbia around the country, he's going to follow my advice of counsel and invoke the Fifth Amendment, fifth Amendment, fifth Amendment over and over again until the deposition was shut down. Now, John Thune, a Republican senator who's in contention for leadership as well. He was asked about Donald Trump intervening and meddling with who's gonna become the Republican leader in the Senate.


And John Thune on CNBC urged Donald Trump to stay out of the Senate Republican leadership battle. Thune said, I think it's probably in his best interest to stay away. Here's what Thune said on CNBC. Let's play this clip. Is President elect Trump involved in in, does he have a chosen preference in in the Senate? Do you, do you know Senator and and will that come into play? I don't, Well, I don't know that he does. I, I'm, I'm staying in regular contact with him and with his team. And you know, obviously if he wants to, he could exert a considerable amount of influence on that.


But honestly, I think my preference would be, and I think it's probably in his best interest to stay out of that. These Senate secret ballot elections are probably best led to senators and, and he's gotta work with all of us when it's all said and done. But whatever he decides to do, that's gonna be his prerogative as we know. And how many others are we gotta, we're gonna have that election next Wednesday and we'll have a new leader Now. The mags are on a rampage right now attacking McConnell, attacking Thune, attacking corny, and also going after their family members. It's a tactic we saw before when Democrats were in power. But now the Magdas going after Republican family members.


Laura Loomer leading the charge. He goes, Senator John TH's daughter was the director of a PAC that gave money to anti-Trump and radical leftist Democrat Senator John Thune daughter Brittany Thune Lindbergh served as director and vice president of the Council of Insurance Agents and Brokers Pac AKA Council Pack from February 20 13th through June, 2021. During Britney Thune Lindbergh's tenure at the Pack, multiple anti-Trump radical leftists were awarded generous monetary contributions, including Pelosi, Hakeem Jeffries, Jamie Raskin, and others. How can Thune be trusted as the Senate GOP leader, a position that would allow him to have control over Senate funds When his own daughter, who he referred to as gifted and an accomplished professional lennex, gave money to the same people who tried to destroy Trump and jail him?


I'm sure Brittany enjoys a lot of political benefits from her father. Being a top ranking rhino senator, I would entrust the Senate GOP leader if his daughter was tied to PACS funding the nastiest anti-Trump Democrats in our country. It's worth noting that Senator Thune has never condemned his daughters anti-Trump and anti Trump and pro Democrat political activities. Disqualifying conflict of interest for anyone trying to assume the role of Senate GOP leader. It should also be noted that one of the reasons that the Mags hate Thune and Cornin was after Donald Trump was found liable for sexually assaulting e Jean Carroll.


Yes, folks, just a reminder, the person who's the president-elect was found liable for sexual assault and is on videotape and audio tape bragging about molesting women. But after the trial, John Thune and John Cornyn basically said that they don't think Donald Trump should be running for the presidency, which is, and this was back in 2023. This is why MAGA hates them. So here it is right here. This was a report where you can post Eugene Carroll verdict. This is what went down. You can hear it for yourself here. Play this clip. Scott, let me ask you before we go, ever. So briefly to summarize Capitol Hill response so far as you've been able to gather it to the civil verdict in Manhattan today against former President Trump.


Two reactions worth noting from Senate Republican leadership. John Corn of Texas told CBS news, he simply doesn't think Donald Trump can get elected president. Quite a statement from Senator Cornyn, John Thon of South Dakota says, America's gonna have to decide whether it wants to deal with quote, all the drama after this verdict and the other investigations not exactly a robust endorsement from top Senate Republicans for Donald Trump tonight.


So when we started the Midas Touch Network, an online store was the furthest thing from my mind. Now we're able to bring you the best pro democracy merchandise and it's so easy and it's all because I use Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did. We just hit a million order stage, Shopify's there to help you grow the same way it helped us grow at the Midas Touch Network. Whether you're selling scented soap sounds good, or offering outdoor outfits, Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-Commerce platform to their in-person, POS system, wherever and whatever you're selling, Shopify's got you covered. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. With the Internet's best converting check out 36% better on average compared to the other leading commerce platforms and sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI powered all star, we use Shopify at store dot midas touch.com, and I know you know how seamless that is and it's completely revolutionized everything we do. It allows us to easily manage our shop view analytics, provide the best customer service, and streamline our entire online shopping experience from A to Z. We wouldn't be able to bring you all the products you know in love without Shopify. And we can't speak highly enough about Shopify. Shopify powers, 10% of all e-commerce in the US and Shopify's the global force behind Allbirds, Rothes and Brooklyn and millions of other entrepreneurs like maas, touch of every size across 175 countries. Plus Shopify's Award-winning help is there to support your success every step of the way because businesses that grow grow with Shopify. So Sign up for a one dollar per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash Midas, all lowercase, go to Shopify, S-H-O-P-I-F-Y. So go to Shopify dot com slash midas now to grow your business, no matter what stage you're in, Shopify dot com slash midas.


Alright, now, in addition, whenever John Cordon, the Republican senator from Texas, whenever he goes and gives speeches now, like he always gets booed from the MAs. They absolutely delore and hate him. Here is an example of him getting booed. Play this clip.


Here he is getting booed again, just so you can hear the booze play this clip, you know, and on the other hand you have Rick Scott, the MAGA Republican senator who the mags want to lead here. He says that, look, at the end of the day, he will do anything Donald Trump says and and he should be elected as the leader. So he could do whatever. Whatever Trump tells him to do, he will implement here, play this clip. You are gonna run two other, I'm gonna run Larry, I'm gonna win.


And here's why. I've been talking to my Republican colleagues, guess what? They want change. They know that Trump has a mandate. They wanna be part of that mandate. They wanna be treated as equals. They wanna be part of a team. They wanna have a working relationship with the house. They know I've got a great working relationship with Trump. We speaker Mike Johnson. They know I'm a business guy. Business guys get things done. We create a plan. We work our mission, we measure things, we create teams. That's exactly what we want in the Senate, and that's why I'll be the next majority leader. And we are gonna get Trump's agenda accomplished. Tucker Carlson weighing in as well. What the hell is going on in the US Senate hours after Donald Trump wins? Mitch McConnell engineers a coup against his agenda by calling early leadership elections in the Senate.


Two of the three candidates hate Trump and what he ran on one of them, John Cornin is an angry liberal. It's a Republican senator from Texas, by the way, not a liberal whose politics are indistinguishable from Liz Cheney. Now they're calling Liz Cheney a liberal. The election is Wednesday. It's by secret ballot And. it will determine whether or not the new administration succeeds. Rick Scott of Florida is the only candidate who agrees with Donald Trump. So they're putting this pressure campaign, and again, what we're hearing And it. Stef Knight reports from Axios. It's definitely backfiring on Rick Scott at this point. I won't vote for him for anything ever a Republican senator told him. But on the other hand, a Republican Congress member who I guess just thinks all of his constituents are just stupid rep Mike Connells, who's not, he's not even allowed to vote, says, I will not be voting for TH or Gordon for Senate Majority Leader.


Do not attempt to change my mind. He's a member of the House of Representatives. He does not vote in the Senate at all. But that's a MAGA for you folks. Anyway. MAGA at War with Republicans or MAGA at war with maga. Whatever you want to call, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.