
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify. The global commerce platform that supercharges your selling. Wherever you sell with Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps, and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash tech. All lowercase. That's Shopify dot com slash tech.


With Lululemon, the real gift happens when they're living in it. When you give the fan favorite everywhere belt bag, the real gift is, and when the ultra soothing rest feel slides are the gift you're really giving them. This holiday Lululemon makes it easy to give a little luxuries that go beyond. Open the moment, shop now@lululemon.com.


From your fryer to the table, it's a quick trip for crispy fries. But how about a crosstown delivery? McCain? Sure crisps, fries are designed to go from fryer to container to carrier to passenger seat across town during rush hour, down a shortcut that wasn't all that short to a doorstep before they hit the table. And that first fight, the crispiness speaks for itself. Hmm to the last fight. McCain Sure, crisps, fries, go the distance. See how far our fries can take your business at sherris.com/delivery.


Behind the bright lights and adrenaline of pro sports is an equally exciting world of negotiations and deal making. That's what we cover each week on our podcast The Deal. I'm Alex Rodriguez, former baseball player, turned business Executive. And I'm Jason Kelly, chief correspondent for Bloomberg Originals. Over the next couple months, we'll hear from all stars like Jay Williams. I wanna be an owner one day, Billy Jean King. Learn the business and so many more. Listen to the deal on Spotify.


Make this summer count with Harvard Summer School with Harvard's pre-college programs. High school students gain confidence and insight into what college is all about. Challenge themselves and discover new friends. There are over 200 courses to choose from, including college credit courses. So it's the ideal way for students to learn something new, but most importantly have fun. Visit info.summer.harvard.edu/spotify to learn more.


The MAs are just eating themselves from within right now. I mean they love to troll and to mock people. They are the worst at governing. And so you've got all of these like defenders of Matt Gaetz now attacking people who are loyal to Kevin McCarthy who are still in the House of Representatives. I'll go over that in just a moment. Then you have Donald Trump selecting as his treasury secretary, literally George Soros, chief investment officer. So after all this time where these magnas are saying George Soros, this George Soros that they picked Soros protege to lead the Treasury Department.


Then you've got Marjorie Taylor Green out there saying that she's going to expose her Republican colleagues links to Jeffrey Epstein and all of her Republican colleagues sexual assault allegations and all of their coverups if they were involved in trying to tank Matt Gates nomination because Matt Gates was being investigated for child sex trafficking. And then you've got a lot of the MAGA who support the January 6th insurrectionist pissed at Donald Trump's selection of Pam Bondi as the Attorney General. They say she's not MAGA enough and she hasn't been out there talking about the insurrectionist or what she's gonna do with him.


So there is this just tapestry of chaos right now again, because they can't govern and all they do is just rage bait all of the time. So let's just take a look. This is Mike Lawler posting this. He's a congress member from New York. He does this weird image of Kevin McCarthy with like the dark Brandon type like eyes. And then he goes, justice has been served. This is con Republican congress member. And then all the Republican like supporters who like Matt Gaetz, for whatever reasons they do, they're out there attacking Lawler. So all of these right wing influencers are out there saying, thank you for outing yourself.


No sir, you're a petty little man in the shadow of John McCain. And that's no compliment to be in the shadow of John McCain. 'cause the mags hate John McCain a war hero. Justice will be served when you are primaried and lose. Hey Mike, hope you realize that Gates is still Congressman elect of the 119th Congress. He resigned the 118th Congress. Yeah, rhino. Okay. Matt Gates is not gonna be in the 119th Congress. Let me be very clear. He is out. He does not want that report being released. I hope the report is still released though. All these people primary, this rhino, 'cause Lawler is celebrating Matt Gates leaving. You've always been a piece of rhino garbage.


Thanks for reminding the world. No sir. The people wanted Matt let's primary his ass. I guess you want to be primary. You've just made yourself an enemy of the American people. Imagine celebrating a Republican loss. Another rhino backs staber. And I like that this Mike Lawler like engages with these people. He engages with Annie oh 6 0 3 8 0 2 6 5. Like you're a member of Congress. Why are you responding to A-N-N-I-E 0 6 0 3 8 0 something? Do what? Why? But that's what I mean. They, they love being on Twitter and and troll baiting each other, but they hate governing. So Annie goes as a constituent and one of your local neighbors in pr, you think this person's really a constituent?


It's probably some like bot in Russia writing this. I find this so offensive that you are dancing on the grave of Matt Gaetz. Your love for Kevin McCarthy has blinded you. I hope you never become governor of New York. You're just so smug. And then Mike Lawler goes, you mean the guy who literally tried to destroy Lawler? Why are you responding to this again? You mean the guy who literally tried to destroy our majority at a personal vengeance and teamed up with 208 Democrats to remove the Republican speaker? Funny how that doesn't bother you. Feel free to vote for someone else and have a Democrat majority. And then again, this random account goes primary. And then Lawler goes, feel free to stop hiding behind social media and go ahead.


Then Tim Poole, the right wing podcaster jump ins, he goes, I'll second that primary. He goes, why are you on Twitter responding to these trolls in the first place? And then Kelly Turin goes, sunlight is the cure primary each and every one of this. And then based in esp, IGOs primary Tim Cast and others, please keep this alive and let us know where to send money. I will happily donate to ruin this feckless McCarthyite anti-American rhino piece of shit's. Political career talks like this for real, who talks like this, but this is maga. This is what people like Lawler have enabled. So here, by the way, is what Lawler said before Matt Gaetz withdrew his name.


Let's play this clip. Sure. I called him a clown and a charlatan. You stand by the, yeah. Separate news. This was I One quick question. Should a clown And a charlatan run that justice department? Look, obviously the president has every right to nominate who he chooses. There'll be a confirmation process. We'll let that process play it out. And of course it'll all come down to the votes. Jake, there are 53 expected to be 53 Republican senators. Assuming the Pennsylvania Senate race, which is gonna recount goes the Republican's way, that means they can only lose three at most Republicans on any party line vote. And that means that Matt Gates has some work to do in order to get confirmed. Alright man. Ragio on Capitol Hill. Thanks so much.


My next guest is a Republican just elected to the US and then previously when Matt Gates was voting to remove Kevin McCarthy Lawler called Matt Gaetz, a vile person Here play this clip. Matt Gaetz is frankly a vile person, all right? He's not somebody who's willing to work as a team. He stands up there, he grandstands, he lies directly to to folks. So That's emblematic of the fight that's going on there.


Alright, are you ready for this fact? Traditional bedsheets can harbor more bacteria than a toilet seat. It can lead to acne, allergies and stuffy noses. It's just gross. Miracle Made, however, offers a whole line of self-cleaning, antibacterial bedding, such as sheets, pillowcases, and comforters that prevent up to 99.7% of bacteria growth and require up to three times less laundry. It's why I use Miracle Made of my bedding using silver infuse fabrics Inspired by NASA Miracle. Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get a better sleep every single night. It's why I love Miracle Sheets. Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands and feel as nice, if not nicer than sheets used by some five star hotels. So go to try miracle.com/midas, try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one If You order today, you can save up to 40% and If You, use our promo code Midas at checkout. You'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed by a 30 day money back guarantee. So. if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE, TOWEL, SET and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


Now I, I've showed you this before, but let me just show it to you again. This is Marjorie Taylor Greene's post where she says here, just, you can read it for yourself. She says, to my Republican colleagues in the House and Senate, she goes on to say that I'm going to reveal your secrets, your Epstein connections, the sexual assault allegations that you settled secretly. She says that she filed ethics investigations against people that she's gonna out that like her reports. She says that she'll out that, and she goes, it's not even Epstein. She says the Republicans are working with other people like Epstein as well, and she's gonna out that like that's what they're doing right now.


So you've got that. Okay, next you have Donald Trump's Secretary of Treasury pick right here, right? So his name is Scott Bessant. He's George Soros protege. He literally like was the like chief investment officer of Soros Fund back in the day he quit and then went and started his own hedge fund. But he was like Soros main guy. Here it is right here from 2011 Soros puts new man at Helm George Soros fund management, LLC Tap, Scott Bessant. And so like here you have Magar Republican, Tim Chet.


Remember I mean this is just like anti-Semitic rhetoric from, from Tim Chet Magar Republican from Tennessee. He's like, George Soros is a money changer of the worst kind. It's like medieval anti-Semitism here, play this clip at You have a man that that has, does not have America's interests at heart. He wants to destroy this country and, and that's, he is a money changer of the worst kind. And he will destroy this country and the economy of It. And, and then of course Donald Trump would repost stuff like this. Like Alvin Bragg is a Soros appointed da. Well he just picked a, the treasury secretary, like quite literally, like not the lies. Like this guy's actually Soros funded.


Like this guy was Soros as money guy. Like quite literally not in your, you know, and look, all of this stuff right here from the New York post to Donald Trump's like email after email was all this is a George Soros backed whatever. So you know, take a look at what Elon Musk had posted six days ago before Bestin was picked as the treasury secretary. Muco would be interesting to hear more people weigh in on this for Trump to consider feedback. My view for what it's worth is that Besim is a business as usual choice, whereas Howard Lutnick will act, actually enact change business as usual is driving America bankrupt. So we need to change one way or another. So already we see some rifts developing there as well with bests in's pick.


And then there's this Pam Bondi story right here. Pam Bondi picked as Attorney General for Donald Trump. And all like the January 6th sympathizers are now worried. Are she gonna pardon the January 6th or she's gonna recommend that the January 6th insurrectionists are, pardon? What's she gonna do with the January 6th cases? And by the way, the Trump appointed judge in DC Judge Carl Nichols, who by the way, handed Trump a a wined some of these January 6th cases. He was the guy, remember who said that the 1512 C two obstruction of official proceeding charge shouldn't apply to the insurrectionist because he said that 1512 C two only applies to where there's like the destruction of documents that was appealed all the way up to the United States Supreme Court.


And it was challenged. And ultimately the Supreme Court sided with the Trump appointed judge Carl Nichols. And that threw out a lot of Insurrectionist cases on that 1512 C two charge. But even Judge Carl Nichols is saying to Donald Trump, you shouldn't be pardoning pardoning these January six people. Like maybe some of them, but a lot of them should not be pardoned. So we've got, remember what I said a few weeks ago? I said, in chaos there's opportunity. And Trump and MAGA simply don't know how to govern. We're seeing that here. And you know, I think there is a role for us to play in educating everybody on what's going on where these fault lines are.


So ultimately one day democracy can prevail again. And what we have to do is, is demonstrate who's against who and develop the strategy together, which we're gonna do here. So thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million together and appreciate you Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.