
Here, take a look at this folks. This is the MAGA Republican governor of Louisiana, Jeff Landry at 7:15 PM 16 hours after, I think it's now 14 people were confirmed dead and 30 injured from the domestic terrorist attack in his own state in the city of New Orleans. The second post that you'll see here was 90 minutes later when he learned that the feedback he was getting was less than stellar, posting a photo outside Bonton Prime rib, a fancy steakhouse with a bunch of his friends.


As this account Laura Burkhart says, elect better people. It doesn't have to be this way, maga, you don't have to bring in such ghoulish people who do stuff like this. You can actually like people who care about we, the people. And I go back and I remember all of those videos we were doing with the red flags of Jeff Landry and how he was just a Donald Trump maga sco who would post this bizarre messages and photos of himself. And this is what you get, a lack of leadership, zero leadership then Landry Post in 90 minutes later. It's important to understand that we have many visitors in the city of New Orleans right now.


Safety is our top priority, and we want our guests in the world to know that Louisiana does not cower to radical Islamic terrorists. Our restaurant and all New Orleans has to offer, has to remain open for business. By the way, I'm not sure if that message is all that much better. You're trying to act like it was an act of bravery, that you went to ton's prime rib fancy steakhouse before going to a football game. I mean, you think, or or in preparation of going to a football game. You think that's what's actually showing leadership right now? And folks, it's important to get the facts.


What a leader does when there's a domestic terrorist attack or when there's something tragic, is first you speak to the people, you, after gathering the information about what happened, you don't lie and spread disinformation. And as I've said in a video I did earlier today, there was once a time, believe it or not, in American history, not all that long ago in my lifetime, where when there would be natural disasters or terrorist attacks, we would come together as a nation and try to actually solve the problems. We wouldn't finger point and say, oh, it's this person's fault, or that person's fault.


But that's all MAGA does with all of these attacks and natural disasters. I mean, just think about even how Donald Trump was campaigning. You know, when there were those horrible hurricanes that hit the East Coast, what would Donald Trump do? He would lie and say that Biden is making sure that FEMA's helping illegal immigrants and not helping the people and, and Biden's not gonna give you any money or resources, which was 100% false. It was a way though, to turn it into a political thing and to blame things on immigrants and rile people up. That's not what leaders do. Let's just talk about what the latest set of facts are, what the latest data is.


The FBI now says that there is no evidence that the New Orleans attacker was anything but a lone wolf after there. There was a lot of disin info out there about, oh, that this was a conspiracy with lots of other people. Again, this was someone who was in an American in Texas who was in the United States military, who, who did this and who was working and living in Texas. Here's updates from this Mike Baker post, the latest updates. There's actually 14 dead down from 15, the attacker Jabbar, he reported joining ISIS last year.


Two explosive devices were found in the French Quarter. Jabbar placed them. Investigators are now confident. He acted alone. They have not ruled out any connection with the cyber truck blast in Vegas. So that's what we know now. And with that data, it is important just to report that as we said yesterday, when we knew what the data was yesterday, all we said, it's a 42-year-old, his name is Dja Bar, American citizen, US Army veteran, born and raised in Texas. But now what's MAGA saying this morning, even when they're given this information, even when they're given this data, they find a way to attack immigrants with the information that I just gave you.


Speaker Mi. And I'm not gonna play you the videos of Mike Johnson and these mags. I know my policy only applies to Trump right now that I'm not playing Trump videos or Trump audio, but I, I don't wanna play it. It's a new year. I, I may play in the future of clips of MAGA Mike Johnson and these Magnus, but I just, I don't wanna play the clips. If you wanna see the clips, you can go and look at our social media platforms. Might as touchy have 'em there, but I'm just not playing 'em here. I hope by now you trust that I'm saying what's in the clip. So speaker Mike Johnson was on Fox and Friends this morning and he suggested that it's Biden's wide open border that played a role in the New Orleans attack.


Again, the perpetrator was born in Texas and served in the United States military, but they're going all in on wide open border. And at the same time, I've said this before, president Biden wanted a bipartisan border deal passed. The lead negotiator of the bipartisan border deal was none other than James Langford, a very right wing guy, a very right wing conservative from Oklahoma. This would've had the strongest borders ever and it would've had ways to deal with humans with dignity.


And it would've addressed all of the issues about labor shortages. And it would've had extra, would've paid border agents more money. It would've been great for the police and border agents. But Mags killed the bill because Trump said he wanted chaos because it was a winning issue for him and Republicans to run on a chaotic border. Don't you see people that they are running on our pain? Don't you see that? They like when we're in pain and we're suffering these MAGA Republicans so that they could divide us? And why are they dividing us though? Think about follow the money. Where does it go?


The Mar-a-Lago billionaires entrench their wealth. When we, the people are pit against each other when we are in fear, that's when they thrive. If we open our eyes and we see what they're doing, picking our pockets and looting us while making billions of dollars, then they get exposed. Don't you see? That's why they want you to get angry about all of these issues that don't you see. And they don't want you to know the truth.


So I recently found out that only 12% of Americans are metabolically healthy. Why is this alarming? Well, the single biggest predictors of how long you live and how good you feel while living is your metabolic health, there are lots of factors contributing to the metabolic health crisis. But the good news is that all of them are within our control. That's why I'm using levels to better understand my own metabolic health and what I can be doing to improve in the short term. I use levels to optimize my energy levels during the day and manage weight in the long term. I'm thinking about the many chronic diseases that are directly linked to metabolic health, including diabetes, heart disease, and Alzheimer's. Unlike calorie trackers, levels is a health improvement app that uses AI powered food logging and habit tracking like exercise, sleep, and nutrition to give you actionable insights for meaningful change. With continuous glucose monitoring and lab tests available, it offers a more comprehensive view to help you hit your health goals and stay accountable. There's so much information about health out there these days and levels helps you figure out what will be most impactful for you to focus on to improve your health and reach your personal goals. I personally learned that I was eating foods that were not supporting my health levels, helped me optimize my meals, focusing on the foods I respond to best. For example, I learned that my morning oat oatmeal was not ideal and was actually causing me to feel lower energy after eating in the mornings level helped me learn by adding protein and fiber to that meal, I was able to make it much more balanced. Levels is the best place to go to get a comprehensive view of your health, hit your goals and stay accountable. Right now, levels is offering our listeners an additional two free months of the Levels annual membership. When you use our link levels link slash Midas, that's levels link slash MEIDAS. I don't know how long this offer will last. So if you've been interested in learning more about your metabolic health, now is the time to get started.


As Tim Miller talks about here, also the idea that racially motivated extremism was nonsense would be news to all the dead people in El Paso, Buffalo, Christchurch, Charleston, et cetera. Here's a pro tip. It's important to oppose mass murder in all cases, not just when the purp is a convenient political cudgel. So then the Fox hosts have on Mike Walt, who's the incoming national security advisor to Donald Trump, currently a MAGA Republican congressman. This is a big job, national Security advisor, head of the National Security apparatus here.


And this is what Mike Wallace does, Mike Waltz does. Mike Waltz uses the attack in New Orleans and the incident in Las Vegas to now insist that Trump's cabinet shouldn't even be questioned. They need to be confirmed immediately now because of these incidents. So you see how they use the pain and suffering of we the people, of the people in New Orleans, of, of the whole situation to achieve a political end. Well now why are we even holding hearings? You, you have to confirm everybody right away. As Michael Freeman says, in challenging times, cabinet nominees need less, not more scrutiny.


It's not a very good argument to make. They need more scrutiny. And what Democrats should be saying is actually in these times, we can't be having these compromised, unqualified people who are what gonna post photos of themselves in front of steakhouses when there's an attack. They're gonna be missing in action because they don't even have the qualifications to handle these jobs. But folks, this has been all morning today, Magar Republican representative Dan Mauser, he blames DEI and the FBI investigating Trump for the attack in New Orleans. And what he means there is that the FBI agent who's been holding press briefings, she's black.


It's a black woman. And so that's what they're referring to. And again, MAGA has to make this DEI stuff versus just saying, we all need as Americans to stop this terrorism. This is what MAGA does on every issue. Then you have next MAGA Republican Congress member Randy Weber. And as Aren Ruper explains, even though the New Orleans attacker was born in Texas and is a veteran, all the House Republicans on Fox are following Trump's lead and just pretending that the terrorists came across Biden's open borders, and they're making this an open borders thing. It's an immigrants thing, bring it home. And we need to round up and do bloody mass deportations.


And as Eric Columbus says, once again, this is a great opportunity for Dems not to defend Biden, but to insist that the GOP take the danger seriously and to reject nominees plainly suited to the task like Cash Patel and Tulsi Gabbard and others. You then have you, you then have Tom Holman Trump's border Czar goes on Fox and then continues to talk about this as a border issue as well. And they repeat this over and over again. Now, who, going back to what ultimately Trump's statement was, and you saw Trump's statement, I read it to you earlier this morning. I mean, Trump said, when I said that the criminals coming in are far worse than the criminals we have in our country.


That statement was constantly refuted by the Democrats in the fake news media. But it turns out to be true. The crime rate in our country is at a level nobody has ever seen before. Our hearts are with all of the innocent victims and their loved ones, including the brave officers of the New Orleans Police Department. The Trump administration will fully support the city of New Orleans as they investigate and recover from this act of pure evil. So again, I mean, why can't you just say our hearts are with all of the innocent victims and their loved ones we're investigating, and we'll make sure you have all the UpToDate information and we'll take all action to stop this.


But no, they make it about the criminals coming in are far worse than the criminals we have in our country. That's not even a true data point. And that's not what, that's not what's happening here. And by the way, with all of the information about what's going on with the Tesla truck, what we know about this individual, the man connected to the rental of the Tesla cyber truck that exploded outside of the Trump Hotel in Vegas on Wednesday, is a US Special Forces soldier who is assigned to the 10 Special Forces Group per four US officials. The mass shootings that take place in the United States are, are Americans who, who are doing that, you know who, who are radicalized here.


So we just need to stick with the truth people and, and, and the going to the steakhouse is so utterly ghoulish and gross. Anyway, thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million together. Thank you. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.