
Wow. These Trump cabinet members and top Trump officials had disastrous days on Capitol Hill during their testimony before the House of Representatives and in the Senate. I wanna share with you what went down first in the House of Representatives, democratic Congress. Member Aguilar was cross-examining Secretary of Defense, former Fox host Pete Hegseth, about the basis for Donald Trump Federalizing, the National Guard and Democratic Congressman. And Aguilar says There are three instances where it's permitted and it's required to be under the supervision and control and with the permission of the Governor.


And there has to be an invasion of a foreign nation, a rebellion against the government, or the President is unable with regular forces to execute the law. So Secretary of Defense, HEIF, you're saying that that was happening in Los Angeles. Watch what Hegseth admits to play this clip. I think what we're doing, we're proud usc, we're proud to Do it, 10 USC of the US code 12 4 0 6 as a legal basis that the president used cites three examples in circumstances for the guard invasion by a foreign nation, a rebellion or dangerous rebellion against the authority of the government of the United States. Or the President is unable for with regular forces to execute the laws of the United States, which authority is, is triggered here to justify the use.


I Don't know, you just read it yourself and people can listen themselves. But it sounds like all three to me, if you've got millions of illegals in, know where they're coming from. They're flav, they're waving flags from foreign countries and assaulting police officers, law officers execute. That's the Problem. Execute the laws of the United States. No, the governor of California is unable to execute the laws of the United States. The President, you said Governor of the California has failed to protect his people along with the mayor of Los Angeles. And so President Trump has said he will protect our agents and our guard and Marines are crowded to Do it. Law also says, Mr. Secretary, that the orders for these purposes shall be issued through governors of the States. You and I both know that President Trump has all the authorities necessary, and thankfully he's willing to do it on behalf of the citizens of Los Angeles.


You also, on behalf of our ice agents and behalf of our country, We've also pulled a billion dollars, A fairly stunning admission of how utterly unhinged this regime is that they're saying all three are going down in Los Angeles. None of those three are going down. There's been no permission or coordination with California Governor Gavin Newsom. This is patently unlawful. And I like that the Democrats in this hearing, like Congresswoman Deloro, was not letting Heif filibuster. And she said, if you're showing up to a budget hearing, you may wanna bring the numbers. Hesi, watch this incredible moment, play this clip In shipbuilding and the challenges our department under the previous administration squandered a lot of that by having Please, I, I Don, I I want, I want your plan.


I I I, I've had, I I've had difficulties with the prior administration and I, I don't mind calling him out. What is your plan for the future? Can we get that in writing and on paper so that we know where you're going because we don't have anything today. We have zip nada And knowing where you're going, you can talk percentages, you can talk about whatever you want. But unless this committee sees dollars and cents and where you're going and what your plan is, then we may reconsider what you need to do to go forward. Give us the details, Congresswoman. We have the details and we will provide 'em. But Then let's have them before we, and my hope is that We can get to it before we go to a markup within a few hours here today.


I yield back my time. Mr. Chair, Gentle lady, yields Back, going back to Democratic Congress. Member Aguilar cross-examining Heif. He got one of he's chiefs McDonald's, her name to admit that the current estimated cost for Trump's, call it an invasion of La Federalizing of the National Guard, will be $134 million of what they're doing in Los Angeles. Just think about what their costing the taxpayers based on what Trump's doing in Los Angeles. And I think that's gonna exceed a billion dollars here at play. This clip, What is estimated cost of the deployment for the Guard and the Marines to la and where's this funding coming from?


Will it be coming from quality of life programs that affect our service members or our families? If you want to wait till I finish before I Hand it to Such as updates, housing and barracks, Before I hand it to Brynn, the insinuation that we're pulling money from housing and barracks in order to fund this is disingenuous incorrect. I'm just asking. Brynn can give you the numbers. Absolutely. So the current estimated cost is $134 million, which is largely just TDY, cost, travel, housing, food, et cetera. Pete Heif continues to filibuster as a democratic congresswoman. McCallum has some good questions for him. And she's just like, look, if, if you're not gonna bring the data, then what's the point of this?


If you don't know any numbers, what the hell are you even here at a budget committee for play This clip That folks like Gavin Newsom and Karen Bass have implemented. Chairman the police chief, Mr. Chairman overwhelmed. The secretary is not, we gonna ask the budgetary questions. I will yield back my time if the secretary refuses to answer the budgetary questions have put before they're important. What training missions aren't happening? Where are you pulling the money from and how are you planning this in the FM moving forward? These are budget questions that affect this committee and the decisions we're going to be making in a couple of hours. If you're not going to answer them, please let the chairman know and I will res I will take back my time and I will yield it back to the Chairman.


Mr. Secretary, I want to just let us know what accounts you're pulling the money to, to fund. Well, Thankfully, unlike the previous administration, we've got a 13% increase in our defense budget. And we will have the capability to cover down on contingencies, which is, is something the National Guard and the Marine plan for. So we have the funding to cover down on contingencies, especially ones as important as maintaining law and order in a major American city. Correct. As far as training, all of the units on the ground have been fully trained in their capabilities of what they're ing on the ground. Chairman asked for budgetary if he needs to get back to the committee with the numbers. I'd appreciate it for current and President. Thank happy to submit them for the record. Now, going to the Senate for a moment, you had Trump's head of NIH Baia.


He testified, and I want you to watch Democratic Senator, let's start off with Democratic Senator Baldwin's questioning of NIH Director Baia play this clip. We don't deny that it reduces the amount that will be spent on biomedical research next year by an even deeper amount than the $18 billion. 40% cut already. Right? So so the way the forward funding works right now, we have multi-year projects that we fund. Yes. And, and forward funding says we will allocate the money for those multi-year projects this year rather than in the out years. And so in principle, in the long, If it's a four year project, three of the years will sit in an escrow account and not be spent next year again, further diminishing the amount that will be spent on biomedical research.


No, I think, I mean, I think the, the, the thing is that in the, in the long run, what it does is allow you to spend more money and have more flexibility for new research projects. That's 'cause what, what it says budget. Budget. That's funny. Budget. It's a, I mean it's just the, it's just the amount. I'm an economist also. The the, what it does is it says, look, let's allocate the money this year so that next year the money isn't tied up for, for on previous year's projects. That's, that's in the long run. I mean, I think I, like, as I said, I'm happy to work with Congress and looking forward to working with Congress on this. This is a budget proposal, not a, not a, not a final thing. I think if I had to start and rede redesign the system again from the start, allowing more flexibility as new scientific opportunities come up, the forward funding model makes, allows that to happen actually more than the current model where large fractions of the NIH budget are tied up with old projects.


So I think, I think that, but as a, as the transition in is, it really matters how we do it. And so I absolutely, really glad to work with Congress on that to make sure that there's no disruptions. Thank you. Then you have Democratic Senator Murray grilling baia about cuts to medical research, including ending HIV vaccine trials. Play this clip Your research effort to develop an HIV vaccine justice scientist, including at the Fred Hunch Center in Seattle, are on the cusp of a functional cure for HIV terminating those HIV vaccine trials now cuts off access to treatment for 6,000 patients in the network.


You canceled a clinical trial evaluating new evidence-based interventions for type two diabetes in rural communities In Appalachia, you terminated a clinical trial studying immunotherapy in combination with monoclonal antibodies to treat women with recurrent ovarian cancer. That is what has already happened. So now you are coming to us today proposing to cut NIH funding by 40% next year. Tell us how many fewer clinical trials would you fund in the next fiscal year with a budget cut of $18 billion? Senator, can I just address HIV? 'cause I am absolutely committed to the, the, in 2019, the, the President Trump issued a, a challenge for us to, to, to eliminate the threat of HIV in this country.


And we've had a 22% reduction in HIV transmission since then. We have now have the technological tools to do that. I've been working on developing a program to actually implement this vision. So We can use, but you did Terminate the HIV research at Fred Hunch Hutch that again was on the cusp of a treatment for 6,000 patients nationwide. We, we Had tremendous You did Do that. I I don't, I don't. I'd have to get back to you on that check. You did do that. Check that. Okay, Senator. I mean, I think we a actually have now the chance with the existing technologies, Len Cap Avir and other technologies to actually Address I'm delighted to hear that. But I'm just telling you what clinical trials have been terminated. And I'm asking you this because we have to write an appropriations bill.


How many fewer clinical trials will you fund in the next fiscal year with an $18 billion cut? Well, Senator, the, the, the, that's your budget request. The, the, the, the budget request is a, a, a work of negotiation between congress and the administration. President Trump has issued a letter to Secretary Ka Azis committing the United States to be the leading, the leading Nation. Okay, well you're not answering the question. We need to know how many fewer clinical trials. Can you get that number back to me please? I mean, that's, You're asking for a budget. We're trying to figure out what that will fund. That's our job. I mean the, the, the number depends on what the requests we get for proposals from all, all across the country. The budget itself will, will be dependent on what, what you all do as well as Well.


I know, but we are trying to write a budget with the knowledge that you have with the requests that you have. I'm asking a question, how many fewer clinical trials we need an answer back to that. Well, Senator, it's hard, hard to give an answer to that because I don't know what the proposals are gonna be that that come in. Right. Well, I mean, you're asking a hypothetical question about what the scientific, You came here today to ask for a budget that reduces NIH significantly, I would expect as director you would know what the impacts had More from Democratic Senator Murray saying, I wanna know the numbers of employees who left the clinical center and the entire agency as a result of your personnel actions. Gimme the numbers, play this clip Answers from you four months.


You told me 25 staff have been fired from the NIH Clinical Center out of the 1,445 who've been fired across the entire agency. But that does not include staff leaving after being offered buyouts or threatened with future layoffs. I wanna know what is the total number of employees who left the clinical center and the entire agency as a result of the Trump admin administration's personnel actions in total. So for the, the, the numbers I have in front of me are for the RERE reduction in force. That's the 25. I mentioned that in the, in our conversation. Like I'll get, we'll get those numbers for the the retirements deal.


Well I asked, I told you I was gonna ask for this administration over the phone. I requested this multiple times. How come you do not have that force today? Yeah, I thought, I thought my misunderstanding. I thought you were asking for the reduction in force numbers, which we've Provided. I was being very clear. So I, I wanna know by the end of the day, can I have a detailed list of the reductions in staff by institute, by center, by job function? Not I just The rifs you not just the risks. We'll, we'll get to those. The total staff reductions. Can I have that by the end of the day? Yes. Okay. Those, those are really basic questions. And I, I app, I wanna see that by the end of the day Then Democratic Senator Dick Durbin had his term to Uriah play this clip Team billion dollar increase in medical research at the NIHI couldn't have been prouder of all of our bipartisan efforts to do that this year.


Your budget wipes it out completely. Wipes out $18 billion that we fought for over 10 years. And I can't understand that. I disagree with this administration on so many things, but this is the one that really gets to me personally to think that this nation would walk away from medical research for God's sake. We lead the world in medical research. Why would we give up on it? I look at the specifics here. Cancer, 2025, 2 million new cases of cancer will be diagnosed in the United States. 600,000 people will die from that disease. Yet your budget requests a 38% cut, 38% to the National Cancer Institute.


7 million people nationwide are living with Alzheimer's. This disease, of course, is devastating to families. It robs them of their loved ones. Yet your budget requests a 39% cut to the National Institute of Aging. When you look at specific schools, of course I'm concerned about Illinois. We have great research there. Northwestern University has not received a penny for NIH grants in 11 weeks. 1,359 NIH awards to North Northwestern had been frozen or terminated, holding $81 million in research to date. I could go through some of the specifics of this research, but it includes $9 million in clinical trials for brain cancer, colon cancer, breast cancer, childhood cancer.


How, how are you able to reconcile these budget decisions with the reality of research and what it means to alleviate suffering and more importantly, to give people hope. If research is underway, you'd least have the hope that maybe there'll be a cure maybe in the lifetime of someone. I love how can you walk away from that? Listen, my intention not to walk away from that. I mean, I think that, but the Budget speaks for itself. You cut 18 billion in research. Listen, Senator, the budget is, is a collaboration between Congress and, and the administration. So, you know, I look forward to talking about the, the, the, the advances that IH research has have, have made.


I mean, I, I think the, the transition has been a very bumpy time. And I don't, I don't mean to like downplay that, but there have been opportunities for reform for how the biomedical research enterprise works. I I I, I think the decisions about Northwestern happened before I, I got in, into, into office. But lemme just say that that Buck stops in your office now. I know it does. So lemme just say that, that don't Blame another person. I'm not, I'm not blaming Anyone. We're asking you and your insurance Senator. I, I agree with that.


I want to tell you about our next sponsor Stop box. I am a responsible gun owner and I use Stop Box to make sure that my firearm is secure. I have a five month old baby girl, seems that she's getting older each day. I have a number of nieces and nephews in my house, and it is critical that I have the peace of mind that my firearm is safe, secure out of their reach and that that can never be accessed while making sure that I can protect my family. And one of the things that I like about Stop Box Pro is it is 100% mechanical. So you never have to worry about it not working when you need it the most. And I was surprised about how durable and well made it is. And also it not relying on a battery also gives me more peace of mind. You know, all stop box products are proudly made in the USA in their own facility. Not only does this ensure the high quality craftsmanship of every product sent out, but it does also create meaningful jobs here. And, you know, at the Midas Touch Network, all of our products, all of our merch are made in America as well. So it's great to be supportive of an American business like Stop box. So for a limited time only our listeners are gonna get a crazy deal here. Not only do you get 10% off your entire order when you use the code Midas ten@stopboxusa.com, they're also gonna give you a buy one get one free for their Stop Box Pro. So that's 10% off and a free Stop Box Pro when you use the code. Midas 10, just spell it right. M-E-I-D-A-S one zero minus 10. So you go to stop box usa.com, use that code Midas 10, discover a better way to balance security and readiness with Stop Box.


One of the funny things I I wanna point out also not funny things, probably disturbing things. Nobody knows what the hell Donald Trump and Pete Hegseth are talking about with the Golden Dome. No one knows what the Golden Dome is like. Even MAGA Republican congress member Ken Calvert is saying to Pete Hegseth, we, what, what's this, what, what does the Golden Dome mean? We've seen you do like an AI photo, but like, what is this thing that you're asking money for? You haven't described it. And like Heg said, no, no one knows what it means. 'cause it exists in Donald Trump's maniac brain play. This clip, Especially with a new technology like Golden Dome, which you know, we still is, is a, is the ranking member pointed out.


We still haven't seen a clear definition of what it is and what it's a strategic theater system, lower 48, Hawaii, Alaska, the rest of it. Hegseth also admits that he will be cutting funding to Ukraine. Let's play this clip Deduction in this budget. As you know, this administration takes a very different view of that conflict. We believe it. A negotiated peaceful settlement is in the best interest of both parties and our nation's interest, especially with all the competing interests around the globe. I don't think the word victory has been well-defined or the path to it. And as a result, a path to peace that stops the killing and the carnage is something that President Trump is very invested in.


Democratic Senator Sheen had some great questions for NIH director Bacheloria, let's watch this. How do you reassure researchers? How do you reassure academic institutions and patients? Most importantly, that addiction research is not gonna suffer when your budget proposes cutting funding and dismantling the very institute that has led to this critical work. Listen, the, the, the, the health needs for folks with overdoses are great. Almost a hundred thousand deaths a year sort since 2020. I, I understand that. And So I agree with, I've been working on it for over 10 years, so don't tell me what the problem is. Tell me what the solution is and, and how you're gonna address it when you're cutting your budget in areas that make a difference.


The the solution involves research, right? So as you said, Narcan, that's the result of NIH funded right work. And I don't think it only involves research. The, the, the, the, the sharp increase in, I'm sorry, in research, in, in biomedicine particularly, but also in behavioral research to understand the, the, the, the, the sort of settings that lead to overdoses. And, and I think the IH is gonna play a really important role in that. The key thing is not the reorganization of the NIH that's, that, that's not as important to me as the activities that we're talking about, the activities to do research that meet those needs. That that's what I'm gonna make sure happens at the NIHH. So that those, so that when, you know, if I come back four years from now, We can look back and say, you know, that, that we've, we've reached the high watermark of deaths from overdoses which spiked during the pandemic and that, that we've addressed those needs with excellent research.


Well, it's hard for me to understand how we're gonna address those needs with excellent research. When you're cutting research grants, you're cutting personnel and the, we're seeing some of our best scientists talking about going to Europe and to other parts of the world because they don't feel like they can get a fair shake in the United States. Thank you, Madam Chair. So, and just seeing these magar Republicans on Capitol Hill in their press appearances like this just happened today. Like, just think about these three statements today. You have MAGA Republican congress member Harriet Haman saying that she absolutely loves that Donald Trump, pardon the January 6th insurrectionist play this clip out On January 6th.


On January 6th. What was your feeling about pardoning those who had been convicted of crimes related to January 6th? I think it was absolutely appropriate because under the equal protection clause of both the fifth and 14th Amendment, it's clear that they were being treated differently than other people. And again, I'm gonna go back to the summer of the so-called summer of love of 2020 that people who were burning buildings who were over $2 billion in damages, there's really no comparison as to what happened in 2020 and what happened on January 6th. Yet the, the, the people on January 6th were treated very, very differently. One of the absolute linchpins of our republic of our constitutional foundation is equal protection, which means that people who are similarly situated must be treated similarly.


And that is not the circumstance of what happened with the people with January 6th. We, It's one data point, second data point. You have magar Republican senator Kevin Kramer on raising the minimum wage, and he says, I don't think we should have a minimum wage. It could be, why are we even setting a floor? Again, MAGA Republican Senator Kevin Kramer play this clip. The federal minimum wage right now is $7 and 25 cents. What do you think about raising the federal minimum wage? Well, I don't even know why we have a quote, federal minimum wage to be honest, because I don't know anybody in where I come from in North Dakota. People are, you know, businesses are fortunate if they can get somebody for less than $15.


And I think the market works really well, Stuart. And I think that when you raise a minimum wage of $15, you reduce the number of people who can get a beginner's job, work at a fast food restaurant, work at whatever the case might be in the service sector or otherwise. So I don't, I, I just think manipulating markets with mandatory, you know, wages doesn't make any sense. Mr. Senator, thank you very much for being with us this morning. Okay. Then also today you have Magar Republican Congress member and Speaker of the House, MAGA Mike Johnson saying that he believes Gavin Newsom should be tar and feathered tar and 17 hundreds like medieval torture, play this clip.


Speaker Johnson, the president said possibly in jest that if you were Tom Holman, he would arrest Gavin Newsom. Do you believe that Newsom should face consequences in a legal way? I look, I that's not my lane. I'm not gonna give you legal analysis on whether Gavin Newsom should be arrested, but he, but he ought to be tarred and feathered. I'll say that. I mean, look, he's standing in the way of the, the administration and the carrying out of federal law, right? He, he is applauding the bad guys and standing in the way of the good guys. He is trying to, he, he is, he's a, a, a participant and accomplice in our federal law enforcement agents being not just disrespected, but assaulted. This is a serious problem.


And the governor is now filing a lawsuit against the president. What a joke. Do your job, man. That's what I tell Gavin Newsom, do your job, stop working on your rebranding and be a governor. Stand up for the rule of law. He's not doing that. So I don't know what the ultimate measure will be there, but I know that in the interim time, the president of the United States is showing real leadership. And we're not gonna allow LA to burn. We, This is who the Magar Republicans are. This is who the Trump cabinet members are. I just showed you in their own words what they said today. And you judge for yourself. You tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and thanks for watching. Can't get Enough Midas, check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.