
This is a very big deal folks. The mayor of the Republican stronghold, city of Waukesha, Wisconsin, population about 71, 70 2000 people just came out, made it clear that he will be endorsing Vice President Kamala Harris. He represents a Republican area in Wisconsin. And again, the margins to win in Wisconsin are pretty small. So this city of 70,000 people, their mayor saying, vote for Kamala Harris. Watch this. Fox six has the exclusive, they did some great reporting here, here, play this clip Says tonight he's voting for Kamala Harris for President Sean Riley tells our Jason Cal why he's not voting Republican this year and why he feels the need to make that known.


It's a Republican city in Wisconsin's largest Republican county. It's Difficult. I mean the easy thing to do is to just not say anything. Waukesha Mayor Sean Reilly, grew up Republican and voted that way for most of his adult life. I also feel just I in my heart that this is something that I need to come out and say, Saying something that might upset the people who put him in office. I am going to be voting for Vice President Harris to become our next president. Riley tells me he voted third party in 2016, voted for President Joe Biden in 2020, but kept that to himself for other offices. He says he votes Republican more often than not.


Now, this Red City mayor's publicly endorsing blue for president. I Am terrified of Donald Trump becoming our next president for all the reasons I've I've indicated. He is. He, he's, he's already been impeached twice. He's been convicted of felonies and this is not what the United States needs. You know, the mayor who you just saw right there, mayor Sean Riley most of his life, he was a Republican, now identifies independent, but is a mayor of that Republican area of 71, 70 2000 people or so. You, you hear him right there. Well, that reminded me of as well, the Republican Mayor of Mesa Arizona, John Giles is also represents a big Mormon community out there in Mesa.


The, one of the most conservative areas in Arizona. I've been to Mesa Arizona know the area very well, and Mayor John Giles is like, look, it's about decency. This is about character. And I just want you to see the theme here in these swing states like Arizona, Wisconsin, where these Republican mayors are telling people they're supporting Vice President Kamala Harris like this. Watch this. So yeah, John McCain, I I worked as an intern in John McCain's office, and I've always, he's always been a hero of mine. And so I I feel privileged to be able to continue that message of country over party. And it's a, a message that has never been more necessary than right now.


This is a, a, a pivotal time in our country and, and people like me kind of feel like we're politically homeless. You know, we, we, we traditionally have been Republicans. We've traditionally been in, in the, in the center of our, of our country politically, but we're getting a lot of disinformation right now. So I think it's important that people like me give Republicans and, and people in the center politically permission to do the right thing, which is to support the vice president. Yeah. And here was the recent speech that Mayor Giles Republican Arizona mayor gave as well at a Governor Wallace rally play this clip.


Thank you. Thank you I I am the very proud mayor of Mesa Arizona. But I, thank you. But I, I I have to say, I feel maybe a little out of place today. Partly, partly because we're in beautiful Glendale. Okay? There's that. But as you may know, I'm a lifelong Republican all now, I have to thank, thank you for your warm response. I have to tell you that I I do not recognize my party.


It has been the Republican party has been taken over by extremists that are committed to forcing people in the center of the political spectrum out of the party. So I I have something to say to those of us who are in the political middle. You don't owe a damn thing to that political party in particular, you do not owe anything to a party that is out of touch and is hell Ben on taking our country backward.


And by all means, you owe no displaced loyalty to a candidate that is morally and ethically bankrupt. So again, to all of us, I would say in the spirit of the great Senator John McCain, please, please, please join me in putting country over party and stopping And stopping Donald trump and protecting our, the rule of law, protecting our constitution and protecting the democracy of this great country.


That is why, that is why I'm standing with Vice President Harris and Governor Walls. Now I'm sure you've been seeing countless videos of people who worked for Donald Trump talk about what a threat and how dangerous he is. Have you seen this one though? I know you probably heard about John Kelly Donald Trump's former chief of staff, the four star General who said that Donald Trump wants to be Hitler and praises Hitler's generals and Donald Trump wants to be a dictator. It's Donald Trump's former chief of staff. You may have heard from Mark Esper Donald Trump's former defense secretary. He says that Donald Trump will be a dictator.


This is Donald Trump's former homeland security top official Kevin Carroll. Here's what he had to say, Play the clip. He certainly admires of it. I mean, he, he, he frequently said to senior staff, why don't my generals support me the way that Hitler's generals su supported him? And of course, Hitler's generals, for the most part, did not support him. They tried to assassinate him se several times. But just the, the fact that the president would think of himself, the fact that President Trump would think of himself in the same sentence as Hitler is a terrifying thing. The the the man quotes Hitler, I mean you phrase this like poisoning the blood of the country and and enemies of the people.


Those are things said by Hitler and, and Stalin as well. And it's not as if he's accidentally quoting them when it's brought to his attention. Sir, you, you just quoted Hitler, you just quoted Stalet or Lenin. He does mine. He says it again.


My old laundry detergent used to come in these big plastic jugs and it never lived up to the hype. I know you know what I'm talking about. The laundry wouldn't come out as fresh as it was supposed to. And that became so frustrating. This podcast is sponsored by laundry sauce. Laundry sauce created the world's best smelling laundry detergent in simple to use high performance pods. Laundry sauce has transformed the mundane task of doing laundry into a luxurious and exciting experience so you don't have to dread laundry day anymore. Earlier this week I just used the Egyptian rose pods and my clothes smell amazing. So what's the secret behind laundry sauce? Well, they partnered with one of the top fragrance houses in the world. The same team behind many of your favorite designer scents. From Australian sandalwood to Egyptian rose to cyber pine with laundry sauce. Laundry day will never smell the same again. Plus they stripped away all the unnecessary ingredients and artificial dyes and maximized the hardworking science-backed stain fighters and enzymes to ensure your favorite, favorite clothes come out looking brand new. I went from dreading doing laundry to legitimately being excited to do laundry because I know my clothes will come out smelling amazing. I love laundry sauce so much. My favorite scent is that Egyptian rose I mentioned earlier. It's sort of like a rose mixed with some warm nutmeg and clover spice. It's amazing. And I'm not gonna lie, my whole house kind of smells like laundry sauce now, but I'm not complaining and I know it's just me. Check out the reviews on their site. They're some of the funniest reviews you'll ever read and are super authentic. They match my own experience. Exactly. Plus it's not just the pods that they sell. Laundry sauce makes scent boosters, dryer sheets, drier balls, fabric softeners, and even candles too. Plus, if you aren't happy, send back laundry sauce for a full refund, no questions asked. Elevate your laundry with laundry sauce. Now is the time to experience laundry sauce. Head to laundry sauce.com/midas and use promo code Midas at checkout for 15% off. That's the best offer you'll find, but you must use our code Midas. That's M-E-I-D-A-S for 15% off your order one last time. That's laundry sauce.com/midas promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for 15% off.


So people like Sean Riley, John Giles, their names are added to a list of former Republicans who are no longer supporting Donald Trump. This is Don, former Trump voter from South Carolina Republican supporting Vice President Kamala. Harris Play. It Trump's obvious admiration for dictatorships, clearly indicates that he would like to join that club. And as an American, that's pretty disgusting. My name is Don. I'm an ext Trump voter who will not be voting for Trump in 2024. It's hard to believe that the Republican party, the party of law and Order has embraced a candidate as flawed as Donald Trump.


34 felony convictions. The stolen election claims by Trump have really poisoned the waters of an American institution, which are free and fair elections. The scary part is he had so many people that chose to believe him without evidence of course. And I'm equally concerned that he's starting to lay the groundwork for the same approach. Come 2024, Trump's obvious admiration for dictatorships clearly indicates that he would like to join that club. And as an American, that's pretty disgusting. I'm excited to vote for the Harris Walls ticket. They're not looking in the rear view mirror and they're not looking downward at all.


That's wrong with America. And I hope that fellow Americans would prefer a situation where there's a positive outlook versus a negative outlook in life. And Trump's team is clearly the Debbie downers of politics at this Point. Here's Danica, former Trump supporter, Republican voting for Vice President, Kamala Harris. Play it. I don't wanna live in a theocracy. The Republican party I was part of wanted to retract government, not expand it. I'm a former Trump voter and in 2024, I won't be voting for Trump. My take on Trump's 34 felony counts is I cannot believe that this is where the Republican party is.


These are felonies. Nevermind that he is also two, an adjudicated rapist. How much grace are we going to give? One man who's running for the highest office in the land and again representing us on the world stage. I first started hearing about Project 2025 over a year ago, but when you really dig into it and look at what those policies would mean, the lack of guardrails on it, I mean, especially to the expansion of executive power. It's terrifying. I don't wanna live in a theocracy. The Republican party I was part of wanted to retract government not expand it.


I'm very much at a loss for words here because it's that bad. It's that terrifying. There isn't an aspect of life as we know it in America that it wouldn't affect. That's why I am excited in 2024 to go with my daughter who's a first time presidential voter and cast our votes for Kamala Harris. Here's Buck from Florida Republican former Trump, former Trump voter supporting Vice President. Kamala. Harris. Play it. It's not gonna be the Republican party that I want if Donald Trump gets into office. Not even close. I'm up. I live in Florida and I'm a registered Republican. I voted for Trump in 2016. I won't be voting for him in 2024.


I know he is incapable of performing the duties, but this time he has indicated that he intends to fundamentally change our democratic way of governing. I've enjoyed the democratic life for over 80 years, but that democracy will cease to exist. If Donald Trump is elected, we will be living in an autocracy where he and his cronies will do anything and everything they can to benefit themselves and absolutely nothing to benefit the common folks. He's showing and telling us every day exactly what he intends to do if he's elected. But it's not gonna be the Republican party that I want if Donald Trump gets into office not even close. So I'm willing to cast my vote this time for the Democratic Party.


I'm sure that I won't agree with everything in their agenda just as I've never agreed with everything in the agenda of the Republican administrations. But sometimes acceptance of some opposed and views are necessary in order to achieve a greater good. And I believe at this point achieving the greater good is to vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Walls. And that's exactly what I intend to do. So let's take steps that we need to to keep him from getting into office. Let's cast our vote for democracy. Here's Alex, former Trump voter from Michigan supporting Vice President. Kamala. Harris. Play it. You know, I think she's a very strong leader and I think she can do a lot for this country. I'm willing to take my chances with her than I am with another Trump presidency.


My name is Alex. I'm a former Trump supporter. He did not display good leadership at all during the Covid pandemic. He associated with people that I absolutely despise. White supremacists, leaders of the oath keepers and the proud boys. Any president of mine I don't want him associated with people like that. He lost to Joe Biden and his actions after that defeat were just appalling. Threat insurrection on January 6th and then his claim of election were stolen, manifesting hatred and contempt in people, his supporters, and then some of his supporters that are in the government. You know, these people are crazy. He is just gonna give 'em free reign and do whatever they want. You know, people like Marjorie Taylor Greene and I'm concerned he is gonna jeopardize our alliances with our NATO allies and with other allies around the world. I spent 20 years in the military, you know, four years act duty Navy, and then main 16 years in the reserves in the National Guard. I defended democracy and I don't wanna see that get taken away from me.


Our country deserves better than that. I've heard all whole stories about Kamala, that she's a far left extremist and all that. The more I learned about her, the more I realize that's not true. And she might be more on the liberal side, but you know, I think she's a very strong leader. And I think she can do a lot for this country. I'm willing to take my chances with her than I'm with another Trump presidency, Kyle, lifelong Republican two time Trump voter. Play It. I'm a lifelong Republican and I voted for Trump twice, but I can't do it again. Trump wants a national sales tax on imported goods. It'll make everything more expensive for regular people, all while giving tax breaks to billionaires. You're rich as hell. We're gonna give you a tax cut. Kamala Harris is for regular people. She wants a tax cut for a hundred million Americans.


So we keep more of our hard-earned money. I'm a proud Republican, but this year I'm voting for Kamala Harris. Look, here's retired US Army General. What he is gotta say, Play the clip. You know, a lot of concerns about Donald Trump. You know, militarily, I mean, first of all, the guy couldn't qualify to be in the military as 34 with 34 felony felony convictions. So how can we have the commander in chief be in charge of a military that he couldn't possibly join? As mentioned earlier, the loyalty tests that we suspect that he will ask, you know, he, he is gonna want all the leaders from the sec def all the way down to general officers and senior leaders in the military to swear to some sort of a loyalty test that, that their loyalty is to him and did not The Constitution we're concerned that he wants to use the military to suppress his opposition in the country and man the US border, you know, which are things that military is not supposed to do.


We think that Donald Trump knows nothing of sacrifice and service. He's never served in his day in, in, in his life with anything other than his own. Cause, you know, president Bone Spurs, you know, who sought seven deferments from the military? You've all heard the comments about suckers and losers. You know, that he told that he thinks about that. Those in interred in in our most haled sacred places like Arlington National Cemetery. The comments that he made about John McCain, you know, well I, he, he, he, he didn't think he's a hero because he was captured, you know, I mean bottom. He, he constantly seemed to confuse loyalty to the constitution, to loyalty to him. But the other issue is national defense. And I think it's very important we understand that, that, you know, with Donald Trump as a president, we are gonna lose our status as a world leader.


And that is so important. You know, that's going to impact our economy, that's gonna impact world order and discipline. I mean it, it's gonna have a profound impact. Well, there you have folks, let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Real quick, meta just changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.