
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it, and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% Off terms apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck G. PT, What do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff, even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days at receipt. Restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantisx X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, and you could be next With Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself in ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman matches, X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


Dr. Power equipment has given homeowners the power to do more with powerful field and brush mowers, capable of clearing acres of grass and brush trimmers that deliver up to five times more power than any ordinary handheld model. And chippers that turn nuisance brush piles into beneficial mulch. Start doing more this season with equipment from Dr. Power. Visit dr power.com today and shop the sale. Dr. Power Equipment has given homeowners the power to do more with powerful field and brush mowers, capable of clearing acres of grass and brush trimmers that deliver up to five times more power than any ordinary handheld model. And chippers that turn nuisance brush piles into beneficial mulch. Start doing more this season with equipment from Dr. Power. Visit dr power.com today and shop the sale.


You know, as a former litigator, I love a good cross exam. I love when a Democratic House member or Senate member looks at the magar Republican Congress member, house member or a Senate member and just destroys their Idiocracy live in front of the world on camera and just exposes it, exposes the scam, the stunt, the grift. No one does it better than Texas State Representative James to Rico. And whether he's exposing the Republican MAGA scam about putting the 10 commandments throughout schools or exposing the voucher system, the scam, watch James to Rico Cook.


So here's Democratic Congress member James to Rico going to work this past week in the Texas House. Watch how it's done when he goes after their book, the MAGA book, burning Plaid. Let's play this clip. If we pass your bill, could Romeo and Juliet be banned because it mentions premarital sex, which someone might find, quote against their local community values? There May, there may be some, there may be some that, whether their own individual value system or their religious beliefs that that could believe that. If your answer to could Romeo and Juliet be banned, if your answer is anything other than of course not, then that's a serious problem. I, I'm not advised on Romeo and Juliet.


Do you think prostitution is profane and inconsistent with community values? I think that prostitution could be relayed in, in, in, in the context of, of our, of whatever the work is before us in terms of, of, of, of a work of literature or, or content Under the language of your bill profane and inconsistent with community values. Lonesome Dove, my favorite book, a Texas Classic could be banned because it includes references to prostitution in the old West. Is that correct? The community values or community standards of an individual community would dictate that. So it is possible, and again, it's, it, it's possible.


But Do you think the f word is grossly offensive language? I Do. Under the language of your bill, the catcher in the Rye, an American classic could be banned because it includes more than 300 curse words, including the F word. That, That that could happen. Yes. That classic work of literature could be removed from libraries if we pass this bill, bill, well, I think we're closing the door to some of the filth that we have heard read before our committee over the last two sessions. We're not removing filth under your bill. We're removing Romeo and Juliet, which I don't consider filth. What we're removing, we're removing lonesome dove, which I don't consider filth. Things like Romeo and Juliet and lonesome dove. And the catch in the rye will be removed from school libraries because the definitions are overly broad.


Now, here, representative to Rico cooks these MAGA Republicans again on a bill that forces every teacher to post the 10 commandments in their classroom in Texas play this clip. Is there a separation of church and state in this country? That's an interesting question that has been debated a great deal. But what I'm gonna say to you is I'm gonna quote some of our earliest forefathers. Do you think that our, our forefathers, I wanna give you a chance to talk, but I also just wanna make sure that, that I'm getting an answer to my question.


Is there a separation of church and state In this country? Did, did our, did did those that, that first congress, that earliest Congress, when they authorized the production of a complete King James Bible, was that a separation of church and state? I'm just asking you A simple questions. I know, I think I think that you're, I I think I've answered it. Do you know who coined the term separation church state? I do. Who is that? I believe it was Jefferson Thomas Jefferson. Yes. Yeah, Thomas Jefferson. In that letter was referring to the first amendment of the Constitution and the establishment clause and the free exercise clause, which clearly create a separation of church and state. I have some scholars here that can better answer your specific questions, and I am not that person.


Okay. We established that our founding fathers wanted a separation of church and state, but I did, I did not establish that. I absolutely did not establish that Historical fact. Establish that. I disagree with that. Do you think the constitutional is, the constitution is foundational to our country? I do. Why doesn't your bill mandate that the constitution be posted in every classroom? Well, if you wanna carry that bill, you can. I'm carrying the bill that I chose to Carry. Well, yeah. And I, and I'm not interested in micromanaging what posters are put up in classrooms, which is why I would never carry a bill like this. But I'm asking why, since you are in the business of deciding what posters are up in a classroom, which ones aren't, why is the constitution not taking that prime spot?


Because it's the most foundational document. I am so tired. I'm just That's okay. I know. Brain, brain Fog and I, And I, I Lemme move on representative. Lemme move on. I, yeah, I'm just, I'll move on. I'm trying to Yes, I understand. Now, I want you to watch Tall Rico again. Cross examinee, these magar Republican state representatives on the voucher scam in Texas that's widely unpopular amongst Democrats and Republicans, but these MAGA are pushing it here, play this clip. Elon Musk is a Texas resident. So would he theoretically be eligible to apply for these funds?


Yes. It was just announced that Elon has fathered, his 14th child looked into this. Eight of them are under school age. So let's say he gets a voucher for each of those eight children. That's over 80,000 a year in taxpayer funds, more than what most teachers make. And so if you sent them to a private school from pre-K to senior year, that's a total of $1.2 million in taxpayer funds for Elon Musk. I mean, Anyone's eligible, but You're the author of this bill. Yeah, I am. You could, you could limit it to middle class and working class families if you wanted to, but you are allowing, I know Elon Musk is a somewhat humorous example, but wealthy parents, whether they're the richest man in the world or whether they're just a family making over $500,000 a year, they have access to this program.


Elon Musk is not in the committee Substitute, but, so let's, you can keep asking. When you look at Florida, 70% of the users of their voucher program were people who already had their kids in private school, and Arkansas was 95%. And so my concern is that if this plays out, like I think it will, you're actually gonna be taking the tax dollars of plumbers and nurses and working people, and you're gonna be subsidizing the tuition of wealthy families who already have their kids at St. John's, St. Mark's St. Stephen's. So that is a transfer of wealth from the bottom to the top. I know the rhetoric around this bill is around helping working class people or helping poor kids.


But your bill does not match the rhetoric. Your bill is opening the door to some of the wealthiest people in the state taking taxpayer funds to do something they're paying for anyway. Now, here's another great cross exam by tele Rico to the author of the 10 commandment bill asking a simple question. Sometimes the simplest questions are the best cross exam. Is there a separation of church and state play? This clip? Is there a separation of church and state in this country? That's an interesting question that has been debated a great deal. But what I'm gonna say to you is I'm gonna quote some of our earliest forefathers.


Do you think that our, our forefathers, I Wanna give you a chance to talk, but I also just wanna make sure that, that I'm getting an answer to my question. Is there a separation of church and state In this? Did, did our, did did those that, that first congress, that earliest Congress, when they authorized the production of a complete King James Bible, was that a separation of church and state? I'm just asking you, you A simple questions. I know, I, I think, I think that you're, I, I think I've answered it. Do you know who coined the term separation church and state? I do. Yes. Who is that? I believe it was Jefferson Thomas Jefferson. Yes. Yeah. Thomas Jefferson. In that letter was referring to the first amendment of the Constitution, the establishment clause and the free exercise clause, which clearly create a separation of church and state.


I have some scholars here that can better answer your specific questions, and I am not that person. Okay. We established that our founding fathers wanted a separation from church and state. But I did, I did not establish that. I absolutely did not establish that. Sorry. Historical fact establish that. I, I disagree with that. But do you think the constitutional is, the constitution is foundational to our country? I do. Why doesn't your bill mandate that the constitution be posted in every Classroom? Well, if you wanna carry that bill, you can. I'm carrying the bill that I chose to carry. Well, yeah. And I, and I'm not interested in micromanaging what posters are put up in classrooms, which is why I would never carry a bill like this. But I'm asking why, since you are in the business of deciding what posters are up in a classroom, which ones aren't, why is the Constitution not taking that prime spot?


Because it's the most foundational document. I'm so tired. I'm just That's Okay. I know. And I, And I'll move on. Lemme move on. Yeah, I'm just, I'll move on. I'm Trying to, yes, I understand.


Look, Starting a new business can be intimidating. I get it. Midas Touch network was not built overnight. You need the tools to help you engage in the day-to-day tasks, the growth. And so it's why we use Shopify. It made things easy for us. And I think you should use Shopify too. So Shopify is a commerce platform. It is the commerce platform behind millions of businesses around the world, and 10% of all e-commerce in the United States. From household names like Mattel and Gym Shark to brands like the Midas Touch Network get started with your own design studio with hundreds of ready to use templates. Shopify helps you build a beautiful online store to match your brand style, accelerate your content creation. Shopify is packed with helpful AI tools that write product descriptions, page headlines, and even enhance your product photography. Get the word out like you have a marketing team behind you, even if you don't easily create email and social media campaigns wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling to the Midas Touch Network. And best yet, Shopify is your commerce expert. And with its world class expertise and everything from managing inventory to international shipping, to processing returns and beyond, you can count on Shopify. If you're ready to sell, you are ready for Shopify. So turn your big business idea into boom, boom, boom with Shopify on your side. Sign up for your $1 per month trial and start selling today at Shopify dot com slash midas. Go to Shopify dot com slash midas. One more time. That's Shopify dot com slash midas.


Now, tell Rico also recently exposed the furry act that the MAGA Republicans in Texas have pushed through banning students from using litter boxes. And what tall Rico points out is there's not a single instance where this is taking place. So maybe there's more important things that Texas legislatures, legislators should be doing, like fixing the power grid, ensuring that people get healthcare and education versus making up stupid conspiracies about kids using litter boxes when the bill's author can't give one example. Can't give one example.


Play this clip. Can you name a school where it has been confirmed that students are using litter boxes? Well, what we do with this bill is we prevent that from, from happening. But what we don't take out, what Can you name a school where it has been confirmed that students are using litter boxes? This was at the top of your press release. This was mentioned when you introduced this bill, created quite a stir. So I'm asking, can you name a school where it's been confirmed that there are litter boxes being provided to students For this purpose? I, no, I cannot. Your tweet about this bill was flagged by the app itself under their community notes and their fact check said sensational claims about furries literally behaving as animals and receiving accommodations such as litter boxes have been repeatedly debunked as hoaxes.


Is that correct? It was flagged on, what is it? Community notes. Okay. I, I find it concerning that these types of debunked conspiracy theories are being used by politicians at the highest levels of our government, including in this legislature who know that they're incorrect. Are you aware that Governor Abbott said, quote, kids go to school dressed up as cats with litter boxes in their classrooms? Sure. Are you also aware that when the governor was asked by the Dallas Morning News to name a single school where this happened, he couldn't. And PolitiFact called this a pants on fire.


False claim started by online rumors. Okay. Do you think it's a good use of our time to write laws based on debunked internet conspiracy theories? Well, this isn't, this piece of legislation before us covers that among other things that are true. I think when you have a great cross exam too, you'll see that what you can show is that Texans from both political parties are against the voucher bill and against some of this nastiness in the state play this clip. I Am a long time Republican. I am a Republican.


My voting record labels me as a hard Republican. I am a Republican Precinct League conservative Republican, proud conservative Republican, and I'm against HB three, and I'm against the bill. This Is going against everything that a Texas Republican is. This bill is A skunk that we're trying to pass off as a kitty cat. It is not a conservative bill. Spending billions to create new programs is not conservative. I'm a conservative. This is not the conservative way. Using tax dollars to fund private education is a bad idea. This is my money that I do not want spent on this. Homeschoolers are thriving without government intervention. I'm a long time homeschool mom and homeschool advocate, and I have some serious concerns about this bill.


The bill has been touted as one that protects parental rights, but that simply is not true. Rural kids in particular, which is my passion, are going to get left behind. House Bill three doesn't serve rural communities like Blanco. You're tearing the communities apart And the children are not even involved. It's about power And money. For Those of you who are in the Republican party like I am, it does violate the party principles, the priorities, the platform, the plan, all of It. 70% of Texans oppose vouchers. This bill must die in the house. Now, one of the things to know about Al Rico as well is that he's a very religious guy.


He's in seminary to become a Baptist minister, but he recognizes the importance of the separation of church and state. And here's where he goes. Look, I love the 10 Commandments. I built my life around the 10 Commandments. But for teachers to post the 10 Commandments violates the most important commandment. Love thy neighbor. Beautiful. Play this clip. I love the 10 Commandments. I've tried to build my life on the 10 Commandments. But what does it mean to truly live out those 10 commandments? The Apostle Paul wrote in Romans 13, the Commandments, you shall not commit adultery, you shall not murder you shall not steal, you shall not covet.


And whatever other command there may be are summed up in this one command. Love your neighbor as yourself. Love does no harm to a neighbor. Therefore, love is the fulfillment of the law. The Hindu student who sits in a classroom is our neighbor. The Buddhist student who sits in a classroom is our neighbor. The Sikh student who sits in a classroom is our neighbor. The atheist student who sits in a classroom is our neighbor, and we are called to love them as ourselves.


But if this bill passes, we're gonna put a poster on the wall of that classroom that says, thou shall not worship any God before me. We're putting up a poster that says their religion is inferior. We're putting up a poster that says their faith is not welcome here. It's hard to be different as a kid. I bet each of you remembers a time that you felt left out, a time when you didn't fit in. We've all experienced that. It's the loneliest feeling in the world. It's why so many of Jesus's teachings are about outsiders and outcasts, neighbors who don't fit.


In forcing our religion onto Hindu, Buddhist, seek, and atheist students is not love. Forcing teachers to put up a poster in their classrooms against their wills is not love. Love does no harm to a neighbor. Love is the fulfillment of the law. And here, TA Rico in a speech that he delivers, speaking to his haters and says, stop using Jesus' name in order to support your hate. The people Jesus condemned were those who used religion to hurt others. Play this clip. You know, in scripture, Jesus befriended people that others called sinners.


The only people in the Bible that Jesus condemned were religious leaders who used religion to hurt others. Being a Christian is about loving thy neighbor, not bullying. L-G-B-T-Q people. Being a Christian is about loving thy neighbor, not chasing pregnant women across state lines. Being a Christian is about loving thy neighbor, not harassing librarians, silencing teachers, and defunding our schools. I, I refuse to let Christian nationalists twist a religion of love to justify their hate.


Here's how tall Rico describes it with Wolf Blitzer on cnn. You're actually, in addition to being a representative, you're a preacher and a former middle school teacher. Explain why you're opposed to having the 10 commandments posted in public school classrooms in the state of Texas. Yeah, my granddad was a Baptist preacher in South Texas. I've been going to the same church since I was two years old, and I'm now in seminary studying to become a minister myself one day. So my faith means more to me than anything. But I believe that this bill is not only unconstitutional un-American, but I also think it's deeply un-Christian.


It not only violates the separation of church and state in this country, but it also violates the core teachings of Christianity. You know, the Apostle Paul said that the 10 Commandments are summed up in one command. Love thy neighbor as thyself. The Hindu student who's sitting in a Texas public school classroom is my neighbor, the Sikh student, the Buddhist student, the atheist student who's sitting in a Texas public school classroom is my neighbor. And I'm called to love them as myself. And forcing my religion down their throats through government action is not love. And finally, our very own Katie Fang from the Midas Touch Network breaks it down.


Go Katie. Go. And by the way, subscribe to Katie fang's YouTube channel. Let's listen. First, Republican State representative Brent Mooney, said, quote, we should be encouraging our students to read and study their Bible every day. Our kids in our public schools need prayer, need Bible reading more now than they ever have. Look, you wanna know what the kids in Texas need. How about common sense gun legislation, gun safety legislation? The most recent data from Texas on gun violence is the following. 4,630 gun deaths in Texas from 2022. Of that 296 children and teens, ages one through 17 on average in the state of Texas, one person is killed every two hours.


Firearms were the leading cause of death among children and teens, ages one through 17 in the year 2022. This is the most recent data we have from the Centers for Disease Control footnote, which we're not probably gonna be getting anymore courtesy of the Trump administration destroying funding to the CDC and not allowing them to speak to the American public. We don't need the 10 Commandments and the schools people in Texas, they need common sense gun safety legislation so the kids can live. Who cares if the kids know about thou shall not commit adultery if they're dead. If my kid in Texas goes to public school and they can't come home alive, I don't give a shit about the 10 Commandments being posted on the wall.


This is not an indictment of religion people, okay? I am a Christian, but being a Christian means something more than the hypocrisy of being what I call Sunday Christians. People that just go to church on Sundays and they look like they're all holier than thou, but in the reality, they're cheating on their taxes. They're cheating on their spouses. They're beating their dogs. They're cruel to people that are LGBTQ plus. That's not a real Christian. That's not a somebody who really is following the teachings of Christ. This absurdity is going to waste time and money in Texas. It's going to waste so much energy when it is on its face, plainly unconstitutional.


But you know what? The Texas Republicans, they don't care. They don't care because they are emboldened nationwide by the absurdity of white Christian nationalist moves like this. Great stuff right there. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thought I would go a little local into Texas and show you what was going on there. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


New Midas merch. Drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot midas touch.com.