(1s):
10 years from today, Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses. Lisa's taking now with a A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does, and she can finally run with the big dogs and the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are, the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.

(31s):
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The new year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration Specialists will fix it, guaranteed or your money back resolve. To make identity, health, and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.

(1m 2s):
If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at Babbel dot com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B A BBE l.com/spotify podcast. Rules and restrictions may apply

(1m 30s):
Watching these magar Republican senators and Congress members over the weekend shows try to justify Donald Trump's unlawful orders. And Donald Trump's unlawful behavior. It just goes to show you there's no depths to their depravity. They will justify anything for their cult leader. I want to give you some key exhibits here to show you what went down. For example, MAGA Republican Senator Tom Cotton justifying Donald Trump terminating the inspectors general from the various agencies and departments, many of whom Donald Trump appointed during the first Trump administration.

(2m 10s):
These are the watch watchdogs who are supposed to guard over crimes fraud, waste mismanagement. And now apparently the MAGA Republicans in the Senate and the House think there should be no guardrails at all. Trump should do whatever he wants here. Watch this. I've talked to, I've heard of some from some of your GOP colleagues who are concerned about this saying it didn't give the proper notification even if ultimately it would be the notice wasn't there? And is President Trump signaling he's just going to, you know, observe which laws he wants to and not others? Well, Shannon, time and time again, the Supreme Court has said that Congress can't impose restrictions on the president's power to remove officers in president's.

(2m 51s):
Trump's first term, he removed the director of the Consumer Finance Protection Bureau, despite limitations on the president's constitutional power to remove officers that was litigated up the Supreme Court and the President won. So ultimately, these inspectors general serve at the pleasure, pleasure of the president. He wants new people in there. He wants people who focused on getting out waste and fraud and abuse and reforming these agencies. He has a right to ha to get in there who he wants. Do you Think he will? Next up I wanna share with you, Maga Republican Senator Lindsey Graham also justifying anything, essentially saying, yeah, Donald Trump should be able to fire the inspectors general, despite the fact that there is a law that quite literally prevents Trump from doing it.

(3m 35s):
The law states that Donald Trump would have to provide 30 days notice to the House of Representatives and the Senate prior to a termination of the inspectors general. And in that notice, give a very detailed reasons why there's a termination with specific instances, what the inspectors general did to justify a termination. Now, If you are a senator or a House of representative member, you are a co-equal branch, co-equal. And our founders expected you to protect your turf. Not with these Magar Republicans. Watch this. The Law says that 30 days before president fires an Inspector general, which of course is an internal watchdog for government agencies.

(4m 21s):
He must tell Congress tell you why that didn't happen. Yeah, he broke the law. Yeah, I think, you know, yeah, he he should have done that. But the question is, is it okay for him to put people in place that he thinks can carry out his agenda? Yeah, he won the election. What do you expect him to do? Just leave everybody in place in Washington before he got elected. This makes perfect sense to me. Get new people. He feels like the government hasn't worked very well for the American people that he is watched all votes that are pretty lousy job. He wants some new eyes on Washington, and that makes sense to me. Even So, as you see folks, there is no law, no, no. Anything that they actually care about at all. In my opinion, they're fine with dictatorship authoritarianism.

(5m 4s):
Speaking of which, here's Tom Holman. Donald Trump's borders are, and here he's asked about these raids that are taking place in schools, mass deportation raids in elementary schools, high schools, middle schools that we're now learning about across the country. And what Tom Holman says here, Donald Trump's borders are as well. They may be MS 13, they may be gang members. These people here play this clip To avoid arrest. What criminals are hiding in schools, middle schools, elementary schools. You gonna go into those? How many Ms 13 members are the age of 14, 17?

(5m 44s):
Many of 'em. So look, if it's a national security threat, public safety threat. And what, what you need to understand is a case by case name, another agency, another law enforcement agency that has those type of requirements that they can't walk into a school or, or a doctor's office on a medical campus, nor other agencies have those standards. These are well-trained officers with a lot of discretion. And when it comes to sense of location, there's still gonna be supervised review. So it's not like it's an open, open issue, but ice officers should have discretion to decide if a national security threat or public safety threats in one of these facilities, then there should be an option of them to make the arrest. But someday you could go into those schools and grab people who are just in the country illegally On a case by case basis, depending who they are, what the circumstances are.

(6m 31s):
Look, we all agree that gang members should be deported, prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. That was the Biden policy. Donald Trump killed a bipartisan border deal that would've provided more funding to cops, more funding to border patrol agents to deal with this. They killed it because they wanted to say that there's this emergency and that there's all of this chaos. By the way, border crossings were down under President Biden objective data. We still care about that at the Midas Touch Network just as low, if not lower than they were under Biden's fir under Trump's first term. Trump's border crossings down the lowest in the Trump term, April, 2020 because of Covid.

(7m 14s):
Otherwise, Biden had lower border crossings than Trump at the end of the Biden administration. I, I just, I gotta show you this and perhaps it's me being a little bit petty, but this is a Latino who voted for Trump saying that he's against Trump's anti-immigration rhetoric and his mass deportation, but he still is rooting for Trump, even though he doesn't like mass deportations that he may get deported here, watch this. You don't support the anti-immigrant rhetoric. I'm not supported the each immigrant action. Do you support his mass deportations? No. It is not human. Are you afraid that you could be deported in this mass deportation?

(7m 56s):
I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid.

(7m 58s):
How good is that feeling of fresh, clean teeth? Now I only used to get that true feeling twice a year after I went to the dentist. But that all changed. Now that I use the new Quip 360 rechargeable electric toothbrush, the new Quip 360 oscillating toothbrush literally revolves around you. Finally, an electric toothbrush that doesn't overcomplicate the most basic daily ritual. Quip 360 is a bold, simple design that comes in multiple colors and is ultra quiet for a super clean without being super annoying, accepted by the American Dental Association, Quip 360 is scientifically proven to remove up to 11 times more plaque between teeth compared to a manual toothbrush and provide up to two times more whitening on day one. If you don't absolutely love your Quip 360, return it for free within 30 days. If you do love it, brush easy knowing you Get a free lifetime warranty for purchasing on Get quip.com. Get quip QUI p.com and the opportunity to subscribe to refill heads by mail every three months so you never have to go to the store. And now with Quip Perks, Quip is literally putting their money where their mouth is. When you subscribe to autoship, you'll be enrolled in Quip Perks to earn credit back over time, free your mouth with Quip and discover the 25,005 star reviews and mouths already loving Quip. Just for listeners of the Midas Touch Podcast, get 20% off site wide and a free travel case and countertop. Stand at get quip QU ip.com/midas. Free your mouth today and save 20% sitewide plus a free travel case and countertop. Stand at get quip QU ip.com/midas. Get quip QU ip.com/midas.

(9m 55s):
I mean, you're, you're gonna have to explain that one. You're gonna have to go down to the depths of psychiatry to explain that one pathology. Going back to this magar Republican senator JD Vance. He or he justifies the pardoning and commutations of January 6th Insurrectionist many who tried to kill police officers and JD Van says, look, violence against police officers is not justified, but he has a but, and if you're law enforcement and you're watching this, but, but, but, but there may be sometimes if it helps Trump, but here play this clip.

(10m 35s):
He Guys used an electroshock shock weapon against a policeman who was dragged outta the defensive line by plunging it into the officer's neck. He was imprisoned, sentenced to 12 years, seven months. He got a pardon. Ronald McAbee hit a cop while wearing reinforced brass knuckle gloves and he held one down on the ground as other rioters assailed the officer for over 20 seconds causing a concussion. If you stand with law enforcement, how can you call these people unjustly imprisoned. Margaret, You're Separating. There's an important issue here. There's what the people actually did on January the sixth, and we're not saying that everybody did everything perfectly. And then what did Merrick Garland's Department of Justice do in unjustly prosecuting well over a thousand Americans in a way that was politically motivated Because violence like that against a police officer ever justified Violence against a police officer is not justified.

(11m 27s):
But that doesn't mean that you should have Merrick Garland's weaponized Department of Justice expose you to incredibly unfair process. How, I mean, how pathetic is that? Then as part of this interview with JD Vance on Face the Nation, and Margaret Brennan did a good job in this interview. She said, okay, well, your campaign promise was lowering prices. Are you gonna, you gonna do that jd you're gonna lower the prices and what's j d's response? JD goes, we've, we've done a lot. And she's like, like, what? I don't see any executive orders. And JD goes, it's gonna take time. We need time. It's gonna take time here. Play the cliff. You campaigned on lowering prices for consumers. We've seen all of these executive orders, which one lowers prices?

(12m 8s):
We Have done a lot and there have been a number of executive orders that have caused already jobs to start coming back into our country, which is a core part of lowering prices, more capital investment, more job creation in our economy is one of the things that's gonna drive down prices for all consumers, but also raise wages so that people can afford to buy the things that they need. If you look at our slate, so grocery prices aren't gonna come back Executive orders? No, no. Margaret Prices are going to come down, but it's gonna take a little bit of time, right? The, the, the president has been president for all of five days. I think that in those five days he's accomplished more than Joe Biden did in four years. It's been an incredible breakneck pace of activity.

(12m 48s):
We're gonna work with Congress. We're of course gonna have more executive orders and we're gonna try The way that your lower price is, is that you encourage more capital investment into our country. And yes. Oh, so now the goalposts are changing because Donald Trump said it was gonna happen on day one right away instantly. Just so we all know, I mean, here's what Trump said about that play this clip Starting the day. I take the oath of office, I will rapidly drive prices down and we will make America affordable again. We're gonna make it affordable again. Oh, but I guess just like peace in Ukraine, that's now pushed some indefinite timeline in the future, lowering prices that's pushed to some indefinite timeline in the future.

(13m 36s):
But like Donald Trump has time to sell meme coins. Isn't that what y'all wanted? Meme coins. And Donald Trump has time to post weird AI images of himself. Also, you have JD Vance attacking the conference of Catholic Bishops and JD Vance says that, oh, the fact that they're out there trying to protect L-G-B-T-Q and marginalized community and migrant rights, that they're, that, that really what they're doing is that they're greedy and they're money hungry. The conference of Catholic bishops and JD Vans goes, he, he converted to Catholicism. He goes, as a devote Catholic. I am ashamed of these groups that are saying that we need to show mercy here, play this Clip US Conference of Catholic Bishops this week condemned some of the executive orders signed by President Trump, specifically those allowing immigration and customs enforcement to enter churches and to enter schools.

(14m 31s):
Do you personally support the idea of conducting a raid or enforcement action in a church service at a school? Well, let me, let me address this. Of course, If you have a person who is convicted of a violent crime, whether they're an illegal immigrant or a non-legal immigrant, you have to go and get that person to protect the public safety. That's not unique to immigration. But let me just address the, this, this particular issue, Margaret, because as a practicing Catholic, I was actually heartbroken by that statement. And I think that the US Conference of Catholic bishops needs to actually look in the mirror a little bit and recognize that when they receive over a hundred million dollars to help resettle illegal immigrants, are they worried about humanitarian concerns or are they actually worried about their bottom line?

(15m 15s):
And finally, right here, JD Vance has asked, okay, well, you've always said that big tech needs to be broken up and big tech needs to be stopped, but you had all the big tech oligarchs there after they gave money to you and Donald Trump, hundreds of millions of dollars, they're there. So are you, you're you're with them now. And watch JD Vance's word selling US conference of Catholic Bishops this week condemned some of the executive orders signed by President Trump, specifically those allowing immigration and customs enforcement to enter churches and to enter schools. Do you personally support the idea of conducting a raid or enforcement action in a church service at a school?

(15m 58s):
Well, let me, let me address this. Of course, If you have a person who is convicted of a violent crime, whether they're an illegal immigrant or a non-legal immigrant, you have to go and get that person to protect the public safety. That's not unique to immigration. But let me just address the this, this particular issue, Margaret, because as a practicing Catholic, I was actually heartbroken by that statement. And I think that the US Conference of Catholic bishops needs to actually look in the mirror a little bit and recognize that when they receive over a hundred million dollars to help resettle illegal immigrants, are they worried about humanitarian concerns or are they actually worried about their bottom line? And folks, I want to highlight these videos. I could have showed you more.

(16m 39s):
You get the point B costs. These are promises broken by MAGA Republicans and they're not looking out for the interests of we the people. Objectively, their focus is on the oligarchs, their focus is on authoritarianism, their focus is on breaking our constitution. And we need to highlight what they're doing here. Tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.

(17m 18s):
Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast Right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.