
Your data is like gold to hackers, and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com cancel anytime terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Republicans making complete fools of themselves on the weekend. Shows like Magar, Republican Senator Mark Wayne Mullen from Oklahoma, who was asked on Meet the Press by Kristen Welker. So tell the people in Oklahoma what your message is when they keep losing their jobs because Donald Trump is laying them off. He's taking away their Medicaid. What do you say to them? Mullen? Here's what MAGA Republic and Mark Wayne Mullen says, play this clip to The people in Oklahoma who've lost their jobs, who say they are hurting. They don't know how they're gonna pay their mortgage. They don't know how they're gonna make ends meet. Talk to those people. What's your message to them? They say enough of these cuts.


Well, I, I'm not, I, I would tell you that the majority of the American people want to make sure that their taxpayers are being used correctly. I don't want anybody to lose their job. That's the last thing we want. But at the same time, anytime you're trying to secure this country, which a national security risk we have right now is our national debt, we have to make changes and we have to make it quickly. Unfortunately, when we have bureaucrats and politicians that have, have wastefully spent, the American taxpayer dollars, and we have to, don't have to look any further than U-S-A-I-D to see the wasteful billions of dollars that were spent cuts had to take place. And every business business owner understands this. Every business owner understands that you have to get your house in order before you can advance.


That's exactly what Doge is doing. Think about this. Every successful business owner, Yeah. So as, as this commentator says, he basically told them goodnight and good luck. Go f yourselves. I'm just going to do what Elon Musk and Donald Trump tell me to do. Then you've got Magar Republican Congress member Jim Jordan says the following on firing federal workers. Play this clip to Ryan 10. I grab, I grabbed this, this headline, national Parks and Chaos After says Washington Post story. Here's the first paragraph. California National Park, a Trump administration fired the only locksmith on staff. Next sentence, he was fired. He was the sole employee with keys and institutional knowledge needed to rescue visitors from locked restrooms.


Now, if that isn't, I mean, that's the best you can do. The real question is how do visitors get locked in restrooms? I mean this, this is how ridiculous some of this thing is. So maybe there've been some mistakes made, but I think the intensity and the focus on getting rid of the wasteful spending, the one guy who's can unlock people who somehow get locked in a restroom at a national park. This is ridiculous. So the arguments I think you're seeing from the left are pretty darn, pretty darn crazy when you think about, oh, we're spending money for the crazy things of a trans trans comic opera opera and wherever. I mean, come on. So, but do you worry that people, Did you hear what he said? The level of arrogance? Maybe there were some mistakes that were made.


And then he goes on to demean federal workers again and say, these jobs are just ridiculous. Who needs someone to be doing this? Who needs someone to be doing that? Who needs someone to be doing this? It's not, by the way, just that they're firing these people, which is reprehensible. It's also how they're stripping away people's dignity. And we're not just talking about liberals. I would say that's probably in the minority. I mean, these are red state people. These are federal workers who may not even be political. We're talking about veterans, disabled veterans, spouses of veterans to combine. They all make up like 30% of the federal workforce who are getting disproportionately laid off and get this as well.


These terminations are being done for cause and they're blaming the federal workers for the terminations for poor performance. So then the federal workers can't even get like unemployment because they're just being thrown to the curb. There's a nastiness, there's a cruelty, there's an evilness right here in these Mago Republicans, and as we've always said, when it comes to Elon Musk and Donald Trump, cruelty is the point. These are vicious, horrible people. Inflicting pain on we the people and hardworking federal workers. Here is the former Fox News host turned Secretary of Defense, Pete Heif. He's asked a very simple question on Fox.


They're like, Hey, can you just say that Russia launched the attack on Ukraine? Unprovoked. Just say that. And Heif is like, it's very complicated. Here, play this clip. Linsky Should come to the table because this economic partnership is an important thing for the future of his country, and we hope that he will very soon. But Fair to say, Russia attacked unprovoked into Ukraine three years ago Tomorrow. Fair to say. It's a very complicated Situation. Okay, we'll leave it there. So utterly pathetic. Now, back to MAGA Republican Congress member Mark Wayne Mullen. Here's what he has to say on Trump's refusal to criticize Putin. He goes, it's up to the Russian people. Huh?


As our editor in Chief Ron, Philip Kowski says, yeah, Russian people who criticize Putin end up falling out of windows in a gulag or poison. And let's be clear, that's what these magos want to do to us. And right now we're rising up, we're standing up. I see people across the country at these town halls taken to the streets, and people are saying, do not turn America into Russia. We're already in an authoritarian regime here in the United States. The issue is, is will the authoritarian regime fully trample on all of our rights and we're standing up against it? Back to here. Let me show you this one. Scott Besant, the Treasury Secretary who downplays Doge mass government firings saying that what we, what we're really trying to do here is we're gonna rep privatize.


What we're really trying to do here is repre privatize the economy like Trump promised. Ta ha, this is what we're done. We're re privatizing it here, play the clip. Private sector will not be crowded out anymore. You know, all, all the jobs created by the Biden, not all, but the 70, 85% of the jobs created by the Biden administration were government jobs, government adjacent that crowded out the private sector, the government interest rates spiked. You know, I would just point out interest rates are down five weeks in a row on the tenure since President Trump took office. Yeah. And mortgage rates are down. We're gonna get that down. I was sitting next to, I, I noticed you're gonna have Governor Youngen later.


I was sitting next to him the on Friday, and I said, governor, how do you feel about these layoffs in Northern Virginia? Right? And said, Scott, I think there's, I think he told me there's something like 350,000 private sector job openings in Virginia. Yeah. State of Virginia has a portal. So there are plenty of private sector jobs, and those are good paying, and we're gonna rep privatize this economy like President Trump promised Greg, I think you would appreciate that impression of Bessett. I mean, the most arrogant guy who's just like, oh, I mean this guy's worth like nearly a billion dollars. And he is there. We're just trying to rep privatize it. That's why we're doing all, I mean, it's just like ridiculous stuff.


Here is Mike Lawler, who tries to pretend that he's a moderate, but let's just say what he is. He's really a MAGA, basically, and he's from New York. He ain't moderate at all. Mike Lawler here, soft pedals, Doge claiming that what Musk is doing is actually not firing people. This is actually a comprehensive forensic audit. That's what's going on here. Play this clip. Alright, let me show you some Democrats right here. Democratic Senator von Hollen. Let's play It. Musk and the Department of Government efficiency at the direction of President Trump is to find efficiencies and savings and make sure that our federal workforce is doing their jobs and doing it effectively.


We have many, many, many people who do a phenomenal job on behalf of the American people. But I think ultimately in any government, when a new administration comes in, whether it's a state government, whether it's a local government, and I've served at every level of government, you know, a new administration is always going to do a review and try to find efficiencies across the board when you're staring down a $36 trillion in debt and counting, you know, obviously something has to, has to give. And I think that's what we're seeing right now, a comprehensive forensic audit of every department and agency in the federal government.


Well, well, let's Talk.


I have to tell you about this game changing product that I used before, A night out with drinks. It's called Pre-Cool. Now, let's face it, after a night with drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. I thought I had to make AdChoices. I can either have a great night or a great next day. That is until I found pre-Cool. Now, let me tell you, if there's a surefire way to wake up feeling fresh after a night of drinking, it's with Pre-Cool Z Biotics. Pre-Cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough next morning's after drinking. And here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's to blame for your rough next day. Pre-Cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make pre-cool your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. I'll be honest, I was skeptical about pre alcohol at first, but then one weekend I was hanging out with a few friends over at my favorite bar and I thought, Hmm, why not give it a shot? So I drank it before my first cocktail, my go-to Old Fashioned, and you couldn't believe just how on top of my game I felt the next morning. Every time I have pre alcohol, before drinks, I notice a difference. Even after a late night, I can confidently plan on hitting the gym, running errands, or just enjoying a full day without worrying. With pre-cool, I can stay on track and not let winter travel or celebrations like Valentine's Day, the Super Bowl and Mardi Gras, throw me off course. Go to z biotics.com/midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Midas at checkout, z Biotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember, head to z biotics.com/midas and use the code Midas at checkout for 15% off


Democratic Congress member Jim Hines. Let's play it. Us have some kind of guarantee or return on the billions of taxpayer dollars that have floated into that conflict. Well, Shannon, I have, I mean, I have, I have two problems with that concept. One, it just looks like an episode of the Sopranos, right? Give us your minerals or we're not gonna help you fight a bloody butcher. I mean, is this really what we want the greatest country in history to be known for? For like, you know, some mafia thing? Look, we've always stood with the good guys. We stood with Churchill against Hitler in World War I, and we stood with the good guys, even when we've gotten it wrong in Vietnam. We were standing with the good guys against the Vietcong in Iraq. We were going after Saddam Hussein.


Now this president is standing with the bad guy. He's saying Zelensky is the problem when Zelensky with very few resources is trying to stand up for democracy against a totalitarian butcher. What really worries me, Shannon, though, is what do you think President Xi is thinking? 'cause President Xi wakes up every single morning thinking is today they go out. The day I go into Taiwan, Democratic leader, Hakeem Jeffries, let's play it. Are house Democrats going to vote to keep the government open, or are you just gonna let the Republicans be in charge of all of it? Well, first of all, we'll cross that bridge when we get to it, because as we've been discussing, we have to stop this reckless Republican budget from going forward, and that's gonna be on the floor on Tuesday.


Now, there are ongoing discussions being led by Rosa Deloro top Democrat on the House Appropriations Committee to see if an enlightened agreement can be reached in advance of March 14th, and we'll see what takes place. What we do know is that the Republicans have the House, the Senate, and the presidency. It is their responsibility to fund the government. Democratic Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett, let's play it. But the leader is absolutely correct, and I hate the headlines that keep saying the Democrats may shut the government down. This isn't up to the Democrats, right? We're not the ones that are gonna shut the government down. The question is if we will do everything to keep the government open, but right now they have a Trump trifecta.


So when and if the government shuts down, it is gonna be on Trump and his minions. It is not going to be on us as Democrats because we weren't elected to gut social security, to gut Medicaid and Medicare to gut U-S-A-I-D, to gut any of these programs that they're going after. We didn't, that's not what we campaigned on. So that's not what we gonna do. We'll let them to do that by themselves. Do You see the difference there? Do, do you see the difference there? No wonder that in the recent polls, I think that Democrats even Trump's pollster has Democrats up plus five in a generic, and I've seen other polls from Ipsos and seen and others showing that like Democrats would be up like almost like 15 if there were to be an election.


I mean, this Trump train is crashing very, very, very quickly. Here is Donald Trump's special envoy on with CNN again, saying that Putin didn't provoke the war in Ukraine play the clue That the, the War, irrespective of who started it needs to end. Too many people's lives have been expunged as a result of it, and it just doesn't make sense to the President. He wants to be the peacemaking president. Peace through strength, and I don't blame him. I actually concur right down the line with his thought process around this. That's one. Two, that the war didn't need to happen. It was provoked. It doesn't necessarily mean it was provoked by the Russians.


There were all kinds of conversations back then about Ukraine joining nato. The president has spoken about this that didn't need to happen. It basically became a threat to the Russians, and so we have to deal with that fact, and those are real facts on the ground here, but be that as it may, the Russians have indicated that they are responsive to an end to this. Here is Secretary of Defense previously a Fox host beat. He of saying that the firing of top military lawyers was making sure there didn't exist roadblocks to everything that's about to happen. Play this clip Branches for people who may not know. I mean, they, they give advice to the military about what is lawful and what isn't.


Not surprisingly, there's been some backlash to those who are worried about their removal. One Georgetown law professor says this, Trump also firing the army, Navy, and Air Force Jags. In some ways, that's even more chilling than firing the four stars. It's what you do when you're planning to break the law. You get rid of any lawyers who might try to slow you down your response to her. Yeah, I don't Know who Rosa is in her, what her hyperbole is all about. Ultimately, we want lawyers who give sound constitutional advice and don't exist to attempt to be roadblocks to anything, anything that happens in their spots. What we know about these t JGs, they called TJs inside the military. Traditionally, they've been elected by each other or chosen by each other, which is exactly how it works often with the chairman as well.


Small group of, of, of insulated officers who perpetuate the status quo. Well, guess what? Status quo hasn't worked very well at the Pentagon. It's time for fresh blood. So we're gonna open And finally, let me share with you this clip of Democratic Senator Corey Booker. Let's play it. Democrats just lost an election largely with a closing argument, accusing Trump of being a threat to the democracy. Is that the most effective messaging right now? Well, I think the most effective messaging is talking about the crisis that's happening to Americans. So don't they, they shouldn't be talking about constitutional crisis. No, I I I'm saying we should be talking about what's happening to Americans. I had one of the biggest hospital leaders in my state call me up and talk about the cancer research that's now in crisis.


Literally ruining years of research, literally having to take cancer treatments away from people cutting edge breakthrough treatments. What's crazy is crisis. When you have planes falling from the sky and you're cutting FAA folks, it, it, it, it is a crisis when nuclear regulatories who are keeping our safe regulators are being cut. I could go through this. I have farmers calling me up who put out tens of thousands of dollars on the understanding and the deal that they would get certain resources from the federal government now threatening to lose their farms everywhere in America, red state to blue states. We are seeing real crises that Elon Musk, who's a billionaire, who never has to think about where his next meal is coming from, where his medical treatment and how that will be paid for.


Americans are feeling a crisis right now, and they're feeling pain. That to them was unimaginable and a president they put their trust in that would lower their prices and make their lives more easily, not do things that make us so much less safe. Look, all this talk about U-S-A-I-D-I have visited people on the front lines stopping infectious diseases from coming here. To have scientists in dangerous areas like Kampala suddenly not be able to get their access to their cell phone, their emails, and be cut off by a president and Elon Musk or in a hand handed incompetent way. A cutting funding that makes no sense and ultimately won't make a difference on our deficit because the president wants to rack it up to give tax cuts to the wealthiest and create even bigger deficits in our country.


Let Me ask you, man, these MAGA are ultra pathetic, ultra maga pathetic. Tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Help us get to 5 million subscribers. We appreciate you can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.