(0s):
So you may be noticing billboards like this popping up across the country and in your neighborhood. These are the stories, former Republicans, former Trump voters who say, you know what? The Republican Party has left me. They're no longer conservative. I am no longer voting for Donald Trump, and I'm not voting for Republicans. They are sharing their stories with us. They're sharing their stories with Republican voters against Trump, and they're doing an incredible job there. And I wanna share these stories with you. This is Donald Trump's worse nightmare. And as more and more people are seeing Donald Trump give these unhinged press conferences where he's bragging how the crowd at the insurrection was bigger than the crowds before MLK and other unhinged stuff, more and more people are leaving.

(54s):
And I think that we need to help create the permission structure for people to finally say goodbye. So let's welcome people into the Pro-democracy movement with open arms where we love our flag, we love our country, we love our constitution, and we stand for the values each and every day. Take a look at this story right here. Here's Tony, a two time Trump voter Here. He's sharing his story, why he's not voting for Donald Trump. Again. Here, play this clip After what I saw happen in that capitol building, I will never, ever support anyone who believes in that kind of leadership. I've been a lifelong Republican by voted for Trump, 2 16, 2 20.

(1m 38s):
I will never, ever vote for this man again. I'm a retired state trooper. After what happened in the Capitol building and watching those poor officers being assaulted by the those thugs or criminals I call them, but their leader was clearly Trump and his cult members. I hope I'm not considered one of the cult members. I don't think I am. I think I can backtrack and get away from that and say never again. I prefer to keep my democracy as a child. We left a authoritarian country, Cuba. I remember leaving that country at the age of nine, 10 years old. I remember my parents telling me, whatever we say in this house, stays in this house.

(2m 20s):
Do not repeat anything we say outside of these walls. And that was for fear of any reprisal against us from the Cuban government. We left that country so we can go to a democracy, and now all of a sudden, we want to get away from that. I don't think so after what I saw happen in that capitol building. I will never, ever support anyone, Republican, Democrat in independent who believes in that kind of leadership. Here is Jim from Georgia saying that he voted for Trump before, ain't voting for him again. Play this clip. I will be voting for Kamala Harris because she can be trusted with power.

(3m 0s):
Even though I won't agree with everything that she does, I know that she is a person of integrity, unlike Donald Trump. My name is Jim. I'm a former Trump voter, and in 2024, I am voting for Kamala Harris. I wouldn't trust Donald Trump to hold my wallet, and I wouldn't trust him alone in the room with my daughter. Why in the world would I trust him to be president of the United States? I think that the character contrast between Kamala Harris and Donald Trump is night and day. Let's think of all the things that Kamala Harris is not. She's not an adjudicated felon. She's not someone who's been adjudicated as a fraudster, and there's no reason to believe otherwise. So she's honest and she's forthright.

(3m 42s):
She is committed to the democratic system that we have right there. That's a winning combination and formula. For me, it's a bonus that she's young and energetic and has the kind of background that will allow her to defeat Donald Trump. He's shown that he does not respect our democratic processes and that he will work to undermine them. He can't be trusted with power. I will be voting for Kamala Harris because she can be trusted with power. Even though I won't agree with everything that she does, I know that she is a person of integrity, unlike Donald Trump. Here. Is Dean also a Trump voter, not voting for him. Again, play this clip. I would never vote for Trump again because of the 34 felony counts that he's been found guilty of and just the effect that he has had on American politics.

(4m 27s):
I'm Dean. I voted for Trump in 2020. After January 6th when the insurrection occurred, I decided that it was impossible for someone, a good character to behave that way. I don't think a person should be president who went to an event sponsored by the adult film industry, met up with a porn star, had relations with her, spent $420,000 to try and cover it up, and was indicted on 34 counts and found guilty and was convicted of 34 felonies for falsification of records. Well, I think that the president of the United States should be a person that people can look up to, a man of integrity and a person that you can trust with that enormous amount of power that he would have as president of the United States.

(5m 15s):
I guess since Trump has been in office, we have been desensitized to these things that are just absolutely outrageous. I would never vote for Trump again because of the January 6th insurrection. The denial of election interference charges, the 34 felony counts that he's been found guilty of, and just the effect that he has had on American politics. I could never in good conscience vote for Trump again. Here's Kathy Trump voter, not voting for Trump ever again. Play this clip. His son was just born and he goes out and has an affair with a porn star. He goes out and has an affair with another woman. That was a Playboy bunny. I just can't even understand it. I won't vote for Trump ever, ever again.

(5m 56s):
I'm Kathy. I'm from Florida. I'm a former Trump voter. I was worried about Hillary's baggage in 2016. Now look at Trump. Wow, unbelievable. After watching Trump perform in the White House and all his stupidity, I just could not vote for that guy again. When he didn't win the election, he reminded me of a little baby with temper tantrum, but it involved a lot more people and a lot more serious actions not to concede to an election. It's anti-Constitutional I mean the guy was totally off the wall. People lost their lives. January 6th was such a shame. I do believe that a woman ought to be able to choose for her own body. You see the things that a trunk was in quarter about I mean. He did a sexual assault. He had hush money for a sexual encounter he had with a porn star.

(6m 38s):
How are we gonna put that in our history books? He was a unholy father. I mean his son was just born, and he goes out and has an affair with a porn star. He goes out and has an affair with another woman. That was a Playboy bunny. I just can't even understand it. I won't vote for Trump ever, ever again. I will vote for Harris. I just would not vote for Trump. Ever, ever, ever.

(6m 58s):
Have you heard of NAD plus? It's a molecule in every cell of your body, and it's critical to aging. Well, NAD plus helps keep us feeling youthful by promoting cellular energy, maintaining healthy DNA, using nutrients sufficiently and supporting detoxification by age 50. Most people's NAD plus levels are only half of what they were at age 20 falling. NAD plus levels is a major reason that signs of aging start to accelerate. Luckily, science has discovered a way to boost your NAD plus levels up to 50%. It's called quaia NA ad, plus a groundbreaking supplement from Qualia. Many doctors and health experts over age 30 use Qualia NAD plus themselves, and I'm proud to have them sponsor this episode. NAD plus is a large molecule that struggles to be bioavailable if you supplement it directly. That's why Qualia, NAD plus supports NAD plus the right way by including ingredients called NAD plus precursors that your body can convert into NAD plus to boost your body's own NAD plus production up to 50%. That's great. These are vegan non GM o gluten-free ingredients like niacin, niacinamide, Niagen, also known as nr. These are three of the most, well-researched, NAD plus precursors, and all three are in Qualia, NAD plus to maximize your bodies, NAD plus production. Qualia N Ad Plus is clinically tested and naturopathic doctor formulated. Look, I want to feel decades younger than my actual age. That's why I'm staying at the cutting edge of aging research and boosting my NAD plus levels with quaia NAD plus, after just a month of quality NAD plus, I'm feeling energy support and vitality return that I haven't felt in years. So to boost your NAD plus levels up to 50%, go to qua of life.com/ Jordy. I love that for up to 50% off and use code JORDY at checkout for an additional 15% off. That's qua of life, spelled Q-U-A-L-I-A-L-I-F e.com/ Jordy. Go to quality of life.com/ Jordy and use code Jordy spelled J-O-R-D-Y for an extra 15% off your purchase. Thanks Koya for sponsoring this episode.

(9m 27s):
I think it's so helpful hearing those stories. This is former GOP, Lieutenant Governor of Georgia, Jeff Duncan. It's been a great surrogate for vice President Kamala Harris, putting country over party. And Jeff Duncan said, you know, when I first started supporting vice President Kamala Harris, it said, I wasn't supporting Trump. There were a bunch of Republicans who were giving him some crap about it. He says he's not seeing that as much anymore. And Right now he's getting messages from a lot of his friends in the Republican party saying, look, we, we get it. We, we understand here play this clip. Another popular governor is the governor of Republican Governor Brian Kemp of your home state of Georgia. And it does appear that for whatever reason, Donald Trump in, in at least hoping to win the state, which he has a high likelihood of doing, continues to keep shooting himself in the foot by knocking Governor Kemp directly.

(10m 22s):
Personally, it appears he just can't let go of the 2020 election and his attempt to overturn it in that state. Brian Kemp defiantly not, not going along with that. Here's what he had to say about the governor just over the weekend. Kemp is very bad for the Republican party. He wouldn't do anything. He could have ended the travesty with a phone call because I did nothing wrong. He's a bad guy. He's a disloyal guy, and he's a very average governor. Little Brian, little Brian Kemp, He also went after Governor Kemp's wife. We should note, how, how is all of this playing in the state of Georgia, in particular with Republican voters?

(11m 2s):
Not well for Donald Trump. Those words were not received well in, in my opinion, are are complete gross negligence for a Republican to pick on Brian Kemp and his record of conservative leadership over the last six years. I mean he's done a phenomenal job through some of the toughest moments in time. I was honored to be able to serve alongside him for a number of years during that process. Look, it's not playing well for Donald Trump. I, I would would beg to argue that this is now a huge turning point in Georgia, and there's really no way to say Donald Trump is gonna walk away with Georgia. I think it's now backup for grabs. And if Kamala Harris continues to gain momentum, I think she wins Georgia and she wins a number of other swing states. Donald Trump cannot help himself. Those statements were not about being a Republican. They were about being a self-centered jerk, and they were about being somebody that was only addicted to the spotlight and not actually leadership.

(11m 47s):
So you really think George is back at play now? Absolutely. It's in play. The suburbs where I live, 30, 40 miles north of Atlanta are disgusted with what they heard from Donald Trump. They're disgusted with the continued play after play after play, just trying to point to himself, I mean just me alone. I've gotten a lot of pushback from Republicans about not supporting him and supporting Kamala Harris. But now I've started getting notes and text messages and phone calls from others. Like, I get it. I get it. This guy's reckless on a good day. Dangerous on a bad day. Now let me share this clip with you. This is Anthony Scaramucci. Again, Republican worked for Donald Trump, and here he's talking about how frightened Donald Trump is. Let's play this clip. I mean he spent the whole time talking about fear mongering.

(12m 28s):
He's talking about fear on the border. He's talking about fear in the economy. He's talking about fear of crime. And so it's a, it's a very fear-based approach. I don't think any strategist working with him agrees with what he's doing. Right now they're sitting there cringing. He's sitting there saying, okay, we're flailing. So I'm gonna show you how it's done. I'm gonna go out to the press, speak unhinged for 40 minutes to an hour, and I'm gonna set everybody straight on what we're doing. And so it's, it's not working. You know, if I, if I'm a Democrat here, Democrat strategist, please let him go on for another two hours like Bonita Mussolini or Fidel Castro. Just let him, let him unwind himself, himself.

(13m 8s):
And so the, the Harris campaign is actually very smart here, saying little about this and just fact checking things related to Israel. But I, I know the President, 71 campaign stops with him 11 days in the White House. But I did work with him for almost a year. That is a frustrated, and believe it or not, that is a frightened Donald Trump. He's looking at the poll numbers, and it was a big tell. When he does the accordion thing and tells you how great he's doing in the polls, that's a big tell for him. He's not doing well in the polls. He knows that. And so that's another big lie that he's saying from that podium. So, you know, let him keep talking.

(13m 49s):
He'll dig a bigger hole for himself, and people will remember, well, I don't really want to go back to what was going on in this country, 2017 to January of 2021. Now Just take a look right here of governor at Governor Walls, the joy, the happiness. And here's what Governor Walls had to say too about these magus taking away our joy and our happiness here. Play this Clip. This is what we know. All the things that wake me mad about those other guys and all the things they do wrong. The one thing that I will not forgive them for is they're trying to steal the joy from this country. They try and steal the joy. But you know what?

(14m 29s):
You know what? Our next president brings the joy? She emanates the joy. I think that's such an important point there that he raises, and I've, I've shared this on the Midas Touch Podcast, but let me share it with you. I have a good friend who doesn't follow politics, stays far away from politics, but I got a text from him the other day, and here's what he said to me. He goes, Hey, Ben, you know what's funny? So much of campaigning is so effing dark and ominous and angry and scary. It's why I want nothing to do with politics, and I stay away. However, I've been watching vice President Kamala Harris Governor Walls lately.

(15m 9s):
Look, if they can legitimately inject some of the joy that Governor Walls was talking about, I wonder if people just like me will start to recognize how powerful that can be. The normal people in America don't want to be dreading shit constantly. A lot of people in the middle will vote for genuine optimism. And that's what I plan to do. It was a, a powerful statement that I wanted to share with you. And you hear these stories of people who are just, they don't want the dread and the division and the constant culture wars and the hate and the fear. Join the Pro-democracy movement where we love our country. We spread positivity. We care for our fellow Americans and our environment, and we protect our freedoms and care about our freedoms.

(15m 55s):
Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.