
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem Call one 800 GAMBLER


Magar Republican sheep, I mean magar Republican leaders making total fools of themselves over the weekend on various TV appearance. For example. Here you have MAGA Mike Johnson, defending Donald Trump potentially using the Marines against Americans and maga Mike Johnson, the speaker of the house says that's peace through strength right there. That's how you do it. Peace through strength is sending them Marines against people inside America. Play this clip. Secretary Hegseth said that that active duty marines there at Camp Pendleton, thereby San Diego are on high alert and could be mobilized.


Could we really see active duty Marines on the streets of Los Angeles? You know, one of our core principles is maintaining, maintaining peace through strength. We do that on, on foreign affairs and domestic affairs as well. I I don't think that's heavy handed. I think that's an important signal. You don't say marines into the streets of an American city is, is heavy handed. We had To be prepared to do what is necessary. And I think the, the notice that that might happen might have the deterrent effect. Okay, peace Through strength. Are you out of your mind? What kind of language is that attacking Americans with the Marines? Next I wanna show you Maga Republican congress member Gonzalez, and here says great questioning by the host who asked Congress Member Gonzalez, you know, back in November, this is what you said to all of us.


You said, if Donald Trump starts going after migrants who are not engaged in crimes, then it's over for Donald Trump that that is gonna be the end of his administration. If he starts to do that, watch Congress Member Gonzalez squirm play this clip. You said back in November, the administration would fail if it began going after nonviolent migrants. You said if the messages we're here to deport your abita, this is not gonna work. Well, you heard our reporting, people are getting arrested, going to court appearances, trying to abide by the law. We have these cases of, for example, a 19-year-old high schooler on his way to volleyball team practice in Massachusetts arrested because a student visa had expired.


An Afghan soldier in Houston who used to guard American soldiers at bases with eight kids to his name arrested even though he entered this country with legal status. Are these people the worst of the worst? They're Not. But when this is, what's gonna happen is as, as these 400,000 asylum seekers that are in limbo, if you will start to get deported, Maria, who's 23 years old, that was from Honduras, that was, was told to come to the United States for a better life and has gotten married and has had children. As she gets ripped from that life and get sent back to Honduras, it's going to be very painful for us. What I'd like for us to do is focus on the, the convicted criminal illegal aliens.


Last year I asked the administration, But is that happening? Because right now it looks like they're trying to run up the numbers. Frankly, Last year, the, I asked the administration what that number was. It was 662,000 last month. I asked as of July of last year, last month, I asked Secretary Nome under, under oath. I asked her, has that number increased or has that number decreased? She, she, she, she responded that the number of convicted criminal illegal aliens has increased. So that means we have over 600,000. We should absolutely focus on that population, the worst of the worst, and make sure that those are the areas that get removed. Otherwise, it's gonna take us down this route of constant civil conflict. The, And then here congress member Gonzalez says, well, look, I support this escalation.


This is what you need to do. You need to escalate right away and put that mob down as soon as possible. The hell are you talking about? You want to escalate to deescalate. That's literally what you don't do. Play this clip. It's Tragic to see what's happening in, in la I spent 20 years in the military. I fought in two wars. I, I fought to give people the freedom to protest whatever the hell they want to. But what we're seeing in LA are not advocates. We're seeing anarchists and the president of the United States should absolutely put down the mob as soon as possible. But this is just the tip of the iceberg. Are you comfortable with active duty Marines being put on high alert for possible deployment to quell a civil disturbance If need be.


But I, you know, you always want to escalate against The will of the Government. You always want to escalate to deescalate, but it first starts where you have to have local law enforcement get engaged. But if local law enforcement is removed and then you don't have the state law enforcement, then who is gonna take care of the people? I want to. And then you have MAGA Republican, Senator Langford and here Kristen Welker from Meet the Press says, but aren't people in the United States whether you are here as a citizen or not? Shouldn't you get due process and shouldn't you get a hearing? And then Senator Langford says, you know what? The moment you just say to people, you violated the law. That's all the, that's called due process.


That's all they, they don't need a hearing. All you have to do is say you did it. And then I guess you get to send them to concentration camps in El Salvador or Libya or Djibouti or wherever the hell they're sending them Here play this clip. Well, It is worth noting, the Constitution does say that all persons in the US are entitled to due process doesn't make a distinction about citizenship. I do wanna move on though to this extraordinary fight. But The but the, just, just one, just one quick, just one quick statement on that. The due process as the court has ruled on an American citizen is different than someone who's not legally present in the country. It's a faster process. Literally reading to them the statute and saying this is what you violated, does count as due process depending on how they've actually entered into the country.


But I mean, the US has provided due process even to terrorists. Senator, you're saying that people who are here Sure. Who, who absolute have citizenship, aren't entitled to due process even though the Fifth Amendment. No, I Not saying that at all because not not, yeah, not saying that at all. I'm just saying the due process is different for a citizen and a non-citizen. Okay. It's a much faster process for a non-citizen offer. Okay. Let's Know, quite literally the constitution requires that there be a hearing, that there be process. Now let me be very clear where I stand. If you are a criminal, if you are in, if you commit crimes in the United States, you need to be held accountable for those crimes.


I'm a law and order person. You violate the law, throw the book at them. But that's not what's going on here at all. Donald Trump's regime is going after hardworking migrants who are working in factories, who are at the Home Depot parking lot, who are in restaurants and hotels, who are going to their court appearances. That's who they're targeting. They're going into neighborhoods where migrants have had their American dream for decades and they're ripping mothers apart from their children, fathers apart from their wives and kids. They're torturing, they're trying to engage in terror.


Terror. That's what they're inflicting. Then you've got MAGA republican senator from Florida, Rick Scott, who was by the way, involved in the biggest Medicare fraud and Medicaid fraud scam fraud in American history. He invoked the Fifth Amendment over 75 times. He got a golden parachute from his company, which settled the largest fraud Medicare fraud case in history. That's how this guy got rich and went into politics. Here's what he has to say about raiding your Medicaid and Medicare play this clip S without chronic illness. Let's focus the program on what people need, but is there an acknowledgement and there will be people, people back to work.


Is there an acknowledgement though, that under the current framework of this bill, people will be potentially millions of them taken off of some of these programs? And I know the argument is that a lot of that is waste, fraud and abuse, but is there an acknowledgement that there will be millions of people who will be transitioned off these programs? And a question about where they'll go next? Well, first off, the only way you're gonna get off the program is if you say, if you say you do not want to work, like I don't believe we ought to be providing free healthcare, free housing free food. The people that are able-bodied can work and just say, I don't wanna work. No, get to work this country.


We got over 50 million people working age, not working. We've gotta get this country back to work. But if you don't wanna work, you're Not offering for the people that are physically unable or or caretakers of those who are unable. No, I look, I watched what my mom's face was like when my brother, when she found out my brother had a bone disease. I want these kids to get healthcare. I, I want people with chronic illness to get healthcare, but I don't want people gaming the system.


How much time, money, and energy have you spent on health, wellness and beauty products to look and feel younger and healthier? If you're like me, probably too much now. I'm so excited to share with you guys. C 15 from Fatty 15, the first emerging essential Fatty acid to be discovered in more than 90 years now. It's an incredible scientific breakthrough to support our long-term health and wellness. And you guessed it, healthy aging Fatty 15 co-founder Dr. Stephanie Van Watson. She discovered the benefits of C 15 while working with the US Navy to continually improve the health and welfare of aging dolphins. Now based on over a hundred studies, we now know that C 15 strengthens our cells and is a key to healthy aging nutrient, which helps to slow biological aging at the cellular level. Now in fact, when our cells don't have enough C 15, they become fragile and age faster. And when our cells age, our bodies age two. So Fatty 15 is a science-backed award-winning patented, 100% pure C 15 supplement. It's vegan friendly, free of flavors, allergens, or preservatives. Fatty 15 has three times more cellular benefits than omega threes or fish oil. I love Fatty 15. I've personally seen the benefits. Definitely check this stuff out. Best of all, Fatty 15 comes in a gorgeous reusable glass bamboo jar and refills are shipped right to your door. Now Fatty 15 is on a mission to optimize your C 15 levels to help support your long-term health and wellness. Now, especially as you age, you can Get an additional 15% off their 90 day subscription starter kit by going to Fatty fifteen.com/midas and using code Midas at checkout.


And I never wanna normalize what's going on with these mags. There's nothing normal about it. Here you have MAGA Republican senator Mark Wayne Mullen talking about the story about how Elon Musk went into a rug or did a rug be tackle of treasury. Secretary Scott Besson and treasury secretary Scott Besson had to punch Elon Musk back and here on CNN Mark Wayne Mullen says, you just, you don't get, you don't get in front of two fighters. As a former fighter myself, you don't get between two fighters. The hell are you talking just act like grownups, act like adults.


What are you talking about? Could you imagine in, in a corporation or some where you work, they're just freaking punching each other in the face. It's not normal. It's not how adults behave. Here play this clip In post. There was an argument earlier this year between Musk and the treasury Secretary Scott Bessant literally came to blows. It had to be broken up. Are the men leading our country letting their emotions get in the way of governing? Well, I, first of all, Dana, as a former professional fighter, I've learned a long time ago, don't get between two fighters. Yeah, but you see that's how MAGA behaves. And here you got the chief propagandist for the Trump regime, Caroline Levitt.


He or she is being asked about that fight and you know, she's all, let's watch it play The clip. Now the president has said many times that his ultimate goal is to balance the budget So we know where his heart is and where his priorities are. But you know, Caroline's right? The Washington Post reported after speaking with Steve Bannon, that Elon Musk aggressively body checked Treasury Secretary Scott Besant in the White House. It we're all trying to figure out how, what happened here and how calm this got to this level. What happened? Did he body check the treasury secretary in the White House? Well, look, when this story originally broke, I said from the podium that there have definitely been healthy disagreements amongst the cabinet and Elon Musk.


There were times in which they got frustrated with one another. But I think that really speaks to the heart of this cabinet and the president's team that they can have these robust disagreements and then still come together to do what's right for the people they are serving. Yeah. Watch, I'm not even gonna go there. You get it? Just, you get it while watching this. I don't even have to say it. The hell are we watching? The hell are we watching? So here you have the chief propagandas for the White House. Caroline Levitt attack a b, C because Terry Moran, one of its chief political contributors, made a post critical of Stephen Miller and Donald Trump.


He said that they have hate in their heart or words to those, those effect that's being generous, right? They have hate in their heart. So then the Trump regime calls up a B, c Disney and says, you gotta suspend the guy. You gotta fire him. He was mean to Donald Trump and, and Stephen Miller. He was mean. How, how dare a newscaster be mean? And then Disney and a BC suspended Terry Moran here, watch this Last night in a since deleted post so-called journalist Terry Moran went on a rampage against Steven Miller. What happened, Caroline? Well, a BC is going to have to answer for what their, again, so-called journalist put out on Twitter in the wee hours of the night calling Stephen Miller vile.


They said that President Trump is a world-class hater. And this is, again, coming from someone who is supposed to be an unbiased and professional journalist. This is unacceptable and unhinged rhetoric coming from someone who works at a major television network. We have reached out to A, B, C, they have said they will be taking action. So we will see what they do. And then you have Christie Nome, who seems to be hanging out at the same locations as Caroline Levitt. Kris Christi Noma on CBS says, this is what she says about Donald Trump sending the National Guard and potentially the Marines against Americans in Los Angeles play this clip.


Back to the question though, of active duty troops different from the National Guard. What is your personal counsel here to the present? Because it's you, the Attorney General and the Secretary of Defense. We're gonna have a lot of responsibility here in implementing some of, of, of this call to do this. Well, lemme be clear about something. Ice and Homeland Security are running these operations right now. And the advice and counsel of the Attorney General of the Department of Defense are extremely important to the President of the United States. And we never discuss our personal conversations and advice to the President of the United States. He makes the decisions. He is the president that sits in that seat and we are all very proud to work for him.


So I'm grateful for the leadership, leadership of Pete Hegseth and, and Pam Bondi and I get the chance to work with them and as out does their job today. We're thankful to have the partnership and the leadership of President Trump. Well, some Republican senator, like Senator Langford has have said active duty marines are not gonna be put into local law enforcement. So there are Republican lawmakers questioning this. Here's what she says when she's asked about that. Donald Trump is going to, wants to make it unlawful for protestors to wear masks, but make it obligatory for ice officers to wear masks. And if you in any way try to photograph an ice officer or let people know who they are, who work for the government, then you know, you get enhanced penalties or whatever.


You're treated like a terrorist. Who the hell knows what this regime, here's what she goes, she goes, the laws in this country are what we're doing. We're doing the laws. We're doing the laws. What are you talking about here? Play this clip. President Trump said masks will not be allowed to be worn at protest. Who's gonna enforce that? And how, and, and how can you justify it when law enforcement officials have their faces covered? You know, what I would say is that the law is going to be enforced and that I, what the laws are in this country is what we are doing and our ice officers and our law officers out there that are in these situations where people have questioned why they have their faces covered, it's for the safety of those individuals or the work that they're doing as far as protecting their identity so they can continue to do investigative work.


So, but are you tasking the, the National Guard soldiers with removing masks from protestors? I mean, are you trying to use them in that way? National Guard soldiers are there to provide security for operations and to make sure that we have peaceful protests. So that's what their work is. And I won't get more specific on that just because we never do, when it comes to law enforcement operations, we're doing the same standard procedures we always do and have for years in this country with our National Guard and with our, you know, law enforcement folks that are on the ground working with these communities. I like this moment where Mag and Mike Johnson was asked about the Epstein files. Let's play this clip.


By the way, What, do You know what he's talking about with the Epstein files? I mean, what, what, what is and, and, and, and why haven't those files been released? Have you, I don mean some of your members have said that they gotta be released As, as cash said in the vignette earlier. He's FBII. That's not my lane. I don't know. I can tell you that I I don't think we have no concern about President Trump or his involvement or any of that. That Makes sense. And in terms of this threat, And here, mag Mike Johnson was asked, so why did your budget bill focus on helping people who own tanning beds? Why did you help the tanning beds? Was it because Mr. Orange, whatever you call 'em, mango Mussolini, I think I was talking about is, is that why you were, why are you giving, why is your budget bill addressing tanning beds while screwing over the people?


And MAGA mike's, well, look, the tanning bed industry really needs a lot of help right now. Joe Biden did it. And then a BC host is like, no, he didn't. This was from 2010. Biden didn't do anything. Biden hurt. Biden hurt. These guys are such fools. Play this clip believable. Right, too. What What about tanning beds? It eliminates a 10% tax on tanning beds. I mean, how did, how did that become a priority for Well, I that look, I I think that was an unfair thing that the Biden administration put on an industry because they've decided it was actually, It goes back to 2010. It's been around for 15 Years. Yes, but the Biden administration enhanced it. And I, I I, there would be modifications probably to that in the final package as well. But, but we'll see how it comes out.


Okay, so Maga Mike, why was there a provision in the budget bill to remove all regulations from gun silencers? Why was that Gun silencers, that's the one of the big beneficiaries. And then maga mike's like, well, yeah, the second amendment means gun silent guns, whatever you want, go bring 'em wherever. All good, all good Play this clip one, There's a provision that eliminates attacks on gun silencers. Now this is a tax that has been on the books for about a hundred years. What, Why, why are you suddenly cutting attacks on silencers?


Well, there was a, there's a lot of thought and deliberation that went into that as well. The Second amendment is a critical freedom in the Constitution and there's no real rationale for silent for adding taxes on, on, on these pieces of equipment. And we had the votes to do it. I think it was a long time overdue. I think we have to protect the fundamental freedoms of the American people. And there's, there's no rationale. The government should not be making money on something that you have a fundamental inalienable right? To what, what About, and then finally you have the chief economic guy at the White House, Kevin Hassett, who's asked, so are you, what are we doing with the deal? Are the deals negotiating down the tariffs? Is that what you're doing?


What's the point of these? And then Kevin Hass, it's like, tariffs aren't going away. We're gonna keep the tariffs play this clip. You are saying tariffs are staying put that this is a constant source. You're Negotiating reciprocal. You've seen deals, right? You've seen deals. Yes, exactly. Where they're, we're working it out and we're opening up markets so that you but Deals. This is, this is where I'm stuck because deals is about negotiating down the tariffs. So that's a diminishing source of revenue over time. But are you saying that there will be blanket tariffs Of last year? What percent? Last year before we got here, we were raising 80 billion a year in tariffs. Right now, the CBO projects that we're gonna get 2.8 trillion over the next 10 years, exactly where the number ends up is gonna depend on how much foreign countries open up their markets to our products and how much, how well they treat our farmers.


So you don't know how much revenue you're gonna have, but revenue revenue was 80 billion last year. Revenue tariff, revenue's not going away. That's what I'm saying. But we, but we don't know what the tariffs are going to be. So We're negotiating them on a country by country basis. We've got exactly whole bunch of trade deals. We've got a trade deal with the UK that's already, you can see what the trade deal of the UK is now. Right? So it's a fluctuating number. It's not, it it, it's not a constant. Well, There you have it, folks. Ridiculous. I don dunno how you want. And these are the worst humans. Like just objectively the worst. Objectively, these are the worst people. Like, I can't, I don't think you could find worse people. We would be so much better with no one, just let the states go on. Like put Biden's economy and Biden stuff just in on, on, on cruise control, autopilot.


Do nothing. Like we literally have the worst people possible in every single position whose job is to like, make things worse right now. Tell me what you think. We, we need to get to 5 million subscribers. Help us get to five. Hit subscribe. We're almost there. Thanks for watching. Can't get enough Midas Checkout the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.