(1s):
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it, and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% Off terms apply.

(30s):
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck G. PT, What do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days at receipt. Restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.

(1m 1s):
Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantisx X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, and you could be next with Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself in ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman matches, X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.

(2m 0s):
Dr. Power equipment has given homeowners the power to do more with powerful field and brush mowers, capable of clearing acres of grass and brush trimmers that deliver up to five times more power than any ordinary handheld model. And chippers that turn nuisance brush piles into beneficial mulch. Start doing more this season with equipment from Dr. Power. Visit dr power.com today and shop the sale,

(2m 28s):
The magar Republican cross examination during these congressional hearings. No bueno. Very, very bad. If you want to know how you don't do cross-examinations, I want to show you what went down with these Magar Republic Congress members and senators who tried to cross-examine these witnesses and the witnesses got the upper hand on them and humiliated the MAGA Republican Congress members and senators. And I want you to watch this one. It's great. You have the magar Republican Congress member, Ralph Norman, trying to cross examine Democratic Congresswoman Velazquez and just watch how she turns the tables on him and makes him look like a fool.

(3m 15s):
Play this clip. It's Obviously extending the burden on, on, on our middle class, on our working families and our and our small businesses. And a lot of the illegals that we've encountered, they've got a document. They, the, the Biden administration issued driver's license issued fake social security numbers. So, and if they'll lie on that, if they'll lie with that, what else would they lie on? Mr. Lanko, do you wanna answer any of that? Where is the evidence, sir? Where is the evidence? Show me the proof. You just can't come here and make up things up without presenting evidence. And the administrator for six months that has been in office, has not come before the committee to answer questions and to, to share with us what is her opinion on the different proposals.

(4m 7s):
It doesn't work that way. It does not work that way when you, I can see that It does not work that Way. And when you talk about the billions of dollars that have gone to ineligible small businesses, yes, you're right. It happened on the, the first Trump administration when we implemented the PPP and he loosen up the guard rails on the PPP. They're not being enforced under the Biden administration. Just like the, just like the borders were not, you're totally just like the borders Provided, sir, you're totally wrong. Just, all right, now in this next clip you have lawyer v lawyer, although Josh Hawley, the mag Republican senator from Missouri sho don't act like a lawyer a lot of times that's putting it lightly.

(4m 54s):
So here you have Senator Josh Hawley, Magar Republican is speaking to Professor Kate Shaw also. She's a great podcast host as well. And he's saying, look at all of these leftist radical judges who are issuing all of these injunctions. Look at my chart. And then Professor Kate Shaw is like, you know, the other explanation is that Donald Trump's engaged in so many crimes that it ain't just democratic judge issuing injunctions against Donald Trump. It's Republican judges who are issuing injunctions. Trump judges, George W. Bush judges, Reagan judges are the ones issuing the injunctions in addition to democratic appointed judges.

(5m 38s):
Here, watch this Really only once Trump came into office for the first time. Now you don't think this is a little bit anomalous, you don't think that's a little bit strange. A very plausible explan explanation, Senator, you have to consider is that he is engaged in much more lawless activity than other presidents. Right? You don't think You must that as a possibility. This was never used before the 1960s. And suddenly Democrat judges decide we love the nationwide injunction. And then when Biden comes office, no, it, no, actually it's Republican appointees as well, Senator. And the 1960s is where some scholars begin sort of locate the beginning of, did you, Did you that Before then Mila Soho, who's another scholar of universal injunction suggest 1913 is actually the first others in the twenties. Oh, endured The, the Republican endured for 150 years before resign nationwide injunction.

(6m 21s):
Well, the federal government was doing a lot less until a hundred years ago. So I'm, I, you know, there's many things that have changed in the last hundred over the last 50 years. This is So, so long as it is a Democrat president office, then we should have no nationwide injunctions. If it's a Republican president, then this is absolutely fine. Warranted and called for that is not. How can our system of law survive on those principles? Professor? I think a system in which there are is that blind constraints on the president is a very dangerous system. And I that's Not what, what you thought when Joe Biden that is not what you thought when Joe Biden was President. I think every president Said that is not what And must be absolutely Said. You said it was a travesty for the principles of democracy, notions of judicial impartiality and the rule of law.

(7m 2s):
You also said Biden, the Supreme Court Senator agreed president wait agreement. I know with me on that case, case You also said when Joe Biden was president, you said the idea that anyone would foreign shop to get a judge who would issue a nationwide injunction was just politician, just judges looking like politicians in robes. Again, it threatened the underlying legal system. People was just trying to get the result they wanted. It was a travesty for the rule of law. But you're fine with all of that if it's getting the result that you want. Sir, The Supreme Court agreed unanimously with me in that case. Right? There was no standing, the case should never have been allowed to proceed. Wait, wait, wait. In the combination of parties without standing and these people judge division? No, No, no, we're talking No, no, they did not. They did not issue a ruling on the nationwide injunction.

(7m 43s):
You criticize the injunction nationwide. Listen, shoot in A case where no one had standing Around this. Here's the thing, and, And then you just have the MAGA Republican senators just straight up running away from the cameras. Like here you have MAGA Republican senator Joni Ernst, the senator from Iowa, who said, we're all gonna die. So who cares if the GOP disastrous budget bill kills you, you're gonna die anyway. And then she made that follow up video at a cemetery, but now she's not answering the questions. Here, play this clip, Clarify your comments, town hall last week. Senator, I, this is such, I'm very compassionate and you need to listen to the entire conversation.

(8m 28s):
Do you have any regrets about that? Can you display how to protect the most vulnerable? Okay. Okay. Now going back to Professor Kate Shaw, right here. I want you to take a listen as she and Democratic Senator Adam Schiff exposed the lawlessness in this Trump regime play this clip. But this comes in the context of the administration also going after law firms. It seems very much a part of a concerted effort to attack the rule of law and using the law to defend people's rights. Tell us a little bit about the broader context. Yeah, I, I do think that attacks on judges and attacks on law firms are of a piece.

(9m 10s):
They seem designed to seek a, seek to neutralize sources of countervailing authority and opposition to this administration. And if law firms can't take on unpopular causes because they are scared to run afoul of the president, and if judges are scared to rule against the president, then we really have lost any meaningful check on a president. And as I said in my opening remarks, I think if the Constitution is committed to a single principle, it is limits on power, right? No absolute power. And I worry that we are on a path toward few, if any meaningful limits on the president. And here, professor Shaw also talks about the threats from the Trump Regi, the, the from the Trumpers that they take from the Trump regime and how they're going about attacking judges with this pizza threat that they do, where they order pizza to the judges' home to show that they know where the judges live here playing this clip.

(10m 6s):
Tell Us a little bit about this phenomenon now of people sending pizzas to judges and the implicit threat in that. Well, well, I mean, I, I think it's, it's, this is also something that I don't think we've seen before, right? There is clearly some kind of coordinated effort to seek, to intimidate federal judges and their families by sending pizzas, communicating the message that their residents, their addresses are known. And some of the pizzas bear the name of the murdered son of district Judge Esther Salas from New Jersey. And the message there I think is, is a very clear, one of very serious threat. And I think judges are taking that threat. And the marshals are as well from the reporting that we've seen very seriously. You know, I've been the recipient of that threat a ton of times where people send pizzas to my home.

(10m 51s):
They don't even pay for the pizza. I still eat the pizza. They paid for it. But it's like, it's a serious matter and they do it to threaten and intimidate you. And it's happened unfortunately a lot of times to me,

(11m 2s):
I can't even begin to imagine all of the money that I've spent on skincare and beauty products over the years to battle issues like acne and damaged hair and eczema, change in hair color, rashes, et cetera. But I recently realized that I was completely overlooking the most fundamental step. The water I shower in. Jolie is a beauty wellness company that purifies the water we shower in for better skin, hair, and overall wellbeing. Jolie's filtered shower head is best in class for removing chlorine and heavy metals. It's the only lab tested and clinically trialed filtering shower head on the market. And Jolie is clinically proven to reduce hair shedding. And 81% of people lab tested to reduce hair fizziness by 40%. Lab tested to maintain color retention and lab tested to protect the hairs surface layer. Jolie Showerhead have a beautiful, sleek design, the perfect combination of form and function. Jolie still gives strong water pressure and fits all showers. As the plumbing pipe size is universal. Jolie will give you your best skin and hair guaranteed. Head to Jolie Skin Co dot com slash midas to try it out for yourself with free shipping. That's Jolie Skin Co dot com slash midas for free shipping. And if you don't like it, you can return your Jolie for a full refund within 60 days. No questions asked. Jolie is also available on Amazon and select Ulta stores. Get yours now.

(12m 35s):
Here we got Magar Republican senator Mark Wayne Mullen. And here he's talking to Linda McMahon and he's trying to lead Linda McMahon to the answer, but she doesn't understand what he's trying to do and she like screws up his little silly game here, play this clip. What was we ranked in reading in math in 1979? I'm sorry, what? What was we ranked nationally in math? In, in in reading in 1979? We were very, very low on the totem pole. We were number one in 1979 today. Oh, in 1979. 1979. Okay. Because these MAGA republicans ain't used to actually debating and using logic.

(13m 17s):
What they're used to doing is just praising their dear leader Donald Trump. Like you have these state department press secretary, former Fox host correspondent Tammy Bruce. And she just, this is like just straight out of Kim Jong-un land. And she's like, we just, all that matters is what Donald Trump says. Donald Trump says that's all that Americans care about. What here play this clip? Well, You did see the President Trump tweet, didn't you? Yes. But that does that, I I didn't think that that would completely negate the reporting. I I, I appreciate that. I think that's the biggest fall I've had here.

(13m 58s):
The thing that matters when it comes to American policy and what's happening is what President Trump thinks and sets. This is the Trump administration. Now, can I show you what a cross exam is supposed to look like and how you intelligibly engage with these witnesses? Democratic Senator Dick Durbin, cross-examining Linda McMahon, education secretary play this clip. Why would you hollow out the resources there and the people that are enforcing the borrowed defense rule when we have these terrible numbers of exploitation of students? Well, and and my point is that we shouldn't just focus on those schools. I do know that. I totally agree with you.

(14m 38s):
There are some, some scam universities out there. I also, why would You hollow out the people who are supposed to enforce it? Because I think we're putting other measures in place. But the scam, Gimme an idea of what you're putting in place that's better than the borrowed defense rule. Well, we Just just talked a little bit about fafsa and it's the education upfront so that I'm talking about the victims. The ones who are already victims, they're in debt by tens of thousands of dollars. They're living in their parents' basement. They have no place to turn. And you're telling me the FAFSA form application is going to help them. How can it help Them? And and that's not in place yet, but I think that's going to be very, very helpful. Here's the other thing. Where are our, where are our guidance counselors in high schools? Good. Who would they talking to?

(15m 19s):
Good question. I think who, and I think They're finding, I think that These counselors need Certainly informed, and I think they need to look at the cost of education. You're Cutting the number of counselors in these schools at the same time. Well, the, the counselors that are doing their jobs can provide information to these kids. There aren't enough of them. That's the point I'm making. And the situation is terrible for these students, first generation students who are being exploited by these schools. They need your protection. They need our protection. They deserve it. They're doing the right thing. And unfortunately, you're reducing the number of people to enforce the law. Just in general. Yesterday in particular, these maga republican congress members and senators were in total disarray. You had MAGA Mike Johnson feeling I, I'll do a whole other video on this, betrayed by Elon Musk.

(16m 5s):
Musk says, the budget bill's a disaster. And then Mag and Mike Johnson is like, but you're my friend. He's my friend. My friends aren't supposed to do this to each other here. Watch this clip. Let me, let me say this. It's, it's very disappointing. Okay. I've, I've come to consider Elon a good friend. He's obviously a very intelligent person and he is done a lot of great work with all due respect, my friend Elon is terribly wrong about the one big beautiful bill. And then you have Russell Vot, the author of Project 2025, who's now the director of the Office of Management and Budget. And he's asked a pretty simple freaking question of, can you explain why you aren't codifying or turning all these doge cuts into law?

(16m 48s):
And he's like, because we wanna make sure they pass and we don't think that they will pass if we send them all to Congress. Well, if you don't think they can pass Congress, Hey Russell, are you admitting that they're illegal here? Play this clip here. Explain why to people who may say and not understand why you're not sending all of the Doge cuts up to Capitol Hill. Yeah, I've been pretty clear about it. I want make sure that they pass. And so why cant you send all of them And get all of them to Pass? Because I wanna make sure that they, you take the first tranche and see if it passes the, the, the wider you do in terms of a package, the, the harder it is to pass. And if it doesn't pass, this is the real world.

(17m 31s):
And we will lose flexibility that we have to use executive tools to find other ways to make the Doge cuss permanent. How many Packages do you expect? Explain that directly to Elon Musk. I mean, have you made this case to Elon Directly? I'm explaining it to everyone. How, how many resistance Packages do you expect? We will send up more if the president is, is, is on board with that. As, as we see evidence of Congress passing them, this is the first step in it. We're, I think it'll be on the floor next week according to what the speaker told me yesterday. And then, we'll, from there we'll see where we are in the Senate. But again, we wanna see it pass. I think it will pass and then we'll go from there. Well, there you have it folks.

(18m 11s):
I want I high, I love to highlight good cross exam when I see the art of cross exam. But what the MAGA Republicans was doing was atrocious and shout out to Democratic Congresswoman Velasquez, who just pointed the truth out, ready for it, ready to fight back. And she totally schooled. MAGA Republican Congress member Ralph Norman right there. Anyway, tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas, check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcast Daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.