
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request. an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage. LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.


So we've already arrived at the Republicans extorting other Republicans phase of the Trump transition, moving from absolute chaos to extortion. You now have magar Republican Marjorie Taylor Greene sending a strong message to other Republicans and the House of Representatives and to Republicans in the Senate that if you keep pushing to release an ethics report involving Matt Gaetz, which could show that Matt Gaetz engaged in sex trafficking of children, we are going to out you other Republicans. So don't you release that ethics report and don't you try to stop Matt Gaetz someone who's accused of being a child sex trafficker, a drug user and someone who was obstructed justice.


Don't you tank his nomination? Here's what Marjorie Taylor Greene just posted. She goes, for my Republican colleagues in the house and the Senate, if we're going to release ethics reports and rip apart our own, that Trump has appointed that put it all out there for the American people to see. Yes, all the ethics reports and claims including the one I filed, all your sexual harassment and assault claims that were secretly settled paying off victims with taxpayer money, the entire Jeffrey Epstein files. Yep. You have Marjorie Taylor Greene, implicating other Republicans with Jeffrey Epstein, the Jeffrey Epstein files, the tapes, recordings, witness interviews, but not just those.


There's more. Epstein wasn't, isn't the only asset if we're going to dance. Let's all dance in the sunlight. Republican colleagues. So Marjorie Taylor Greene accusing other Republicans of engaging in sexual harassment being with Epstein just another day in the Trump Mago Republican party corporate media. Is this the drama that you wanted? Are you you happy about this? As many in the world are just horrified at America and our enemies are laughing. By the way, a hacker has apparently gotten access to the file containing the damaging testimony of women who were children at the time who have made very credible allegations against Matt Gaetz of sex trafficking them.


We reported yesterday that Matt Gaetz is alleged to have brought the children to the Fox News Studios when he would do news hits and then would have them watch Broadway plays like pretty women. Multiple women have apparently who are representing by this lawyer. This lawyer's come forward on their behalf. We've also been reporting the following. The top Democrat on the ethics panel says she wants to publish the Gates report. It should certainly be released to the Senate and I think it should be released to the public as we have done with many other investigative reports in the past. I mean, look, Matt Gaetz has now been nominated by Donald Trump to be the top law enforcement officer in these United States.


I think the public deserves to know during a nomination process and a confirmation hearing if this individual is a child sex trafficker or not. I don't think that should be controversial. But for Marjorie Taylor Greene, it's so controversial that she's now saying other Republicans, you are engaged in that conduct too. And I'm gonna come for you and out your secrets if you out Matt Gaetz's secrets Really America This, this is the Republican party that, that this is who people voted for you way. This article goes on to say Representative Susan Wilde, the top Democrat in the House Ethics Committee said Monday. She wants her panel's report on former representative Matt Gaetz to be released to the public quote.


It should certainly be released to the Senate and I think it should be released to the public. As we've done with many of our investigative reports in the past. Both Republican and democratic members of the Senate Judiciary Committee are pushing for access to the report after Trump tapped Gates to be his attorney general. Last week Gates resigned from the House of Representatives hours after the announcement amid rumors that the ethics report could be released in the coming days complicating the decision to publish the findings of the investigation. The panel investigated several allegations against Gates, including that he had sex with a minor. Gates has repeatedly denied the wrongdoing. Also, it's being reported that many of the Republican senators despite Marjorie Taylor Greene making those statements that I just read for you are saying this report is coming out one way or another.


We're not gonna be doing recess appointments with Matt Gaetz. He's gonna have to come before the panel and answer questions. What a novel concept that is right there. In addition to Marjorie Taylor Greene, you have Anna Paulina, Luna Maga republican congresswoman also engaging in this conduct and she says for the senators that are coming forward and stating that they need to read the testimony about Matt Gaetz potentially being a child sex trafficker, she goes, we're gonna come after you Republican senators. We wanna see your stock portfolios. How are you making all of your money? You must be engaged in shady conduct as well. So again, you see this cycle of like extorted like conduct taking place right now on Capitol Hill by Republicans on this is Republican on Republican violence, right here, here play the clip.


And I Will say that for the senators that are coming forward and stating that they need to read this testimony, let's look into these people's stocks portfolios and how they're becoming multimillionaires off of $175,000 a year. The reason, And here Anna Paulina Luna attacks MAGA Republican senator from Texas, John Corny saying he's not MAGA enough. Here's MAGA Republican congresswoman Anna Paulina Luna saying that, let's play this clip. I do wanna go back to something you, you said congresswoman, because these are Republicans, the the Republicans asking for this house, house ethics report to be released. It's people like Senator John Corny of Texas. He, it, it'd be hard to describe him as anything but aligned with maga.


Are you suggesting that there's something in his stock portfolio that's questionable? I'm suggesting that John corny, I to my knowledge made statements that was actually anti MAGA about President Trump. And same with the new elected senate leader. But I will say that soon has since changed his tune. And it seems like he's more aligned with MAGA and President Trump. But I Say that, but when they ask for interesting, when they ask for the house ethics report, do you think there's something corrupt about that when they're asking for testimony, when they're asking for this report? Again a bipartisan report. Do you think there's something unethical about that? I think that what's unethical about it is that this has been shut down. That they're not requesting reports on other people who are knowingly under investigation currently.


And that those people from the get go have not wanted Mac Gates to be the attorney general pick. So in my mind, yes it's absolutely a smear campaign being that that actual investigation per the DOJ and also separate agency, the FBI were dropped, that they're not covering the fact that there is an extortion claim tied to it. And the fact is, and I believe that Matt hates is innocent And then Anna Paulina Luna says, I think the timing of these allegations is quite suspicious. They are coming out right now after Donald Trump nominates him. No, Anna Paulina Luna. This has been going on for years. This has been investigated. The ethics reports, the ethics investigation. This has been taking place for years.


What happened was, your dear leader, your Kim Jong-un, your Putin esque figure, your Donald Trump, he knew these facts about Matt Gaetz and he said that he wants someone who's credibly accused of child sex trafficking to lead the Department of Justice and to be the attorney general. That was the decision Trump made. Can these people just have some modicum of accountability? No, they can't because they're MAGA Here play this clip To furthermore, you know, I find it interesting that these actual allegations come out at peculiar, peculiar timing while he's being nominated to be the attorney General. To be clear, I do think Matt Gaetz is going to be an incredible attorney general.


I think this baseless smear campaign, frankly is abhorrent that it's happening to someone like Matt Gaetz who's done so much to fight the government corruption and


Alright, what kind of night is it a single double, triple or a quad? I'm not talking about alcohol 'cause I don't drink, I'm talking about souls out of office. Microdosed, THC gummies. Just learn you can buy hemp derived THE products legally anywhere in the US through our next partner soul. Pretty cool stuff. This podcast is sponsored by, so Souls new out of office gummies are perfectly microdosed with hemp derived THC and CBD to give any day that chilling on the beach vibe. I had it recently and let me just say pretty, pretty good. Did you know you can now buy hemp derived THC products in all 50 states? Because the 2018 Farm Bill hemp derived THC is now legal. It's accessible. You gotta get the good stuff. Those out of office gummies help you get that much needed me time at the end of the day or during the day. They're convenient and they are delicious. So that's why I like it. Chills me out, makes me feel relaxed. I feel good doing my hot takes the next morning. It's good stuff. It was founded five years ago by a brother and sister, family crew, Mike and Angie Lee. Mike's a former world ranked professional boxer. Angie's an author and professional speaker at the desire to create natural alternatives. We like that here. Natural alternatives to medication that can tackle the problems that they were dealing with extensively. And thus you've got Soul. I love that it's a family business. So this holiday season, give the gift of Soul Head to get soul.com, G-E-T-S-O-U l.com. Use the code Midas M-E-I-D-A-S for 30% off your order. That's 30% off your order using Code Midas one last time. Go to get sold.com and use that code Midas for 30% off.


By the way, have you seen this clip that has resurfaced lately? This is Matt Gaetz attending fundraisers for little girls here play this clip. I bet we've showed you a lot of Matt Gaetz clips, but here's one that we've dug up recently, play this clip Special for you. And I just wanted to say it has been such a joy watching all of your achievements and success along the way. I I think you got a great future ahead of you and I'm looking forward to being a cheerleader for you. Thank you. So what's next? Huh? Tell, tell me what you're, you're always working on a fun or interesting project. Whatcha working on these days? I am still trying to complete my goal of $7,000 for the Ronald McDonald House and right now I'm over $6,000.


You're over six. So you have one more? You only have one more. One more. I tell you what I'm in for it. The, the Friends of Matt Gaetz campaign will donate a thousand dollars so that we can close the final gap. How about that? Be cool? Yeah. Alright, great. Well I'll, I'll I'll make that pledge and we'll get that to you and that way we'll complete the goal together. Thank You so much. See, look, that's us. I remember that. Yeah, you don't, you know what? Look at how much you've grown. And by the way, you have magar Republican senators here, like Mark Wayne Mullen who have previously gone on the record as saying that he is aware that Matt Gaetz what he said before, Matt Gaetz would show people like nudes of girls on the house floor when Mullen was Mark Wayne Mullen was there and he would brag, gates would brag to everybody how he would crush or snort or erectile dysfunction medication ed medication.


'cause then he would brag about having sex with girls. That's what Mark Wayne Mullen said before. But now just look at this. You have Matt Gaetz saying that Senator Mullen is maga to the core because Mark Wayne Mullen went on one program and said, look, it's obvious that Trump wants Matt Gaetz because Matt Gaetz will be the hammer for the DOJ. Yes, this may be unconventional, but this is what the American people wanted. Re really, you were previously on video talking about Matt Gaetz bragging about sex with girls and crushing ed medication. This right here though, was another interview with Mark Wayne Mullen, though, and a separate network.


And here's what he had to say though, when he was asked about Matt Gaetz having sex with children play this clip. We've already heard from the lawyer, from some of the people who did testify to the House Ethics committee, that he had a client who testified that she had not only seen him pay for sex with, with women, but also engage in sex with a 17-year-old woman at a, at a drug fueled party. Is that something that concerns you? Well, if it is true, and I mean, if I gotta say that, if that is true. Now what I've said about Matt Gaetz is a hundred percent true. Every word that I've said was accurate. But as I will say, we'll go through this process like we should.


And if that is in the report, then that is gonna be very problematic to move forward. There's no question Matt's gonna have an uphill, uphill battle, and it's not, it's really, it's gonna be a really difficult fight to, to get him confirmed. But I'm not saying it's impossible. And if it's what the President wants, then we're gonna do our due diligence. As I said, we're gonna ab advise and Consent, right? And so just so you see as well what's going on in the MAGA ecosystem right here, Elon Musk, who's basically serving as a co-president to Donald Trump, an unelected co-president, talk about conflicts of interest. Elon Musk says, Matt Gaetz has three critical assets that are needed for the ag role.


A big brain, I don't think that's accurate. A spine of steel, it's not accurate. And an ax to grind. He is the judge. Dread American needs to clean up a corrupt system and put powerful bad actors in prison. Gates will be our hammer of justice. Really, really. Someone who's accused of child sex trafficking I mean, I just want you to, I just want you to, I wanna all exist in the world of reality. This isn't a make-believe world. We're talking about putting someone as Attorney General who is alleged to be a child sex trafficker.


Someone who's been a drug addict, a drug abuser who's covered it up. By the way, I mean like, it's okay if you know pe pe people are in recovery. I'm not trying to mock drug addicts by any means. Like shouldn't be Attorney General. I mean, and and he denies it all. So there's no even accountability of his own actions and, and engages in obstruction of justice. And then Steve Bannon, who's under criminal indictment, his criminal case in New York, starts in February, had to be pardoned by Donald Trump. He goes, that's the case by Elon. Full stop. I mean, is this just a cabinet of just overt criminals? And will the American people please wake up?


Grace Chung, who's on, who's the Steve Bannon? CFO goes the case for Gates made by Elon. Full stop right here. And by the way, I mean, I do find it interesting that when you talk about like Marjorie Taylor Green, like we all remember that she cheated on her husband with a tantric sex guru. This is the lady who lectures people about family values and you know, she's someone who mocks like gay couples and mocks just families in general that she doesn't agree with. And then she goes and, and she's someone who had an affair with a tantric sex guru who she met at the gym. Here's another photo. This one's from the Daily Mail. Marjorie Taylor Greene's, former tantric sex guru.


Guru lover touts her touts sex retreats and ecstatic cuddle classes after his affair with Marjorie Taylor Greene I mean Seriously, folks. And then over here, you know, talking about Anna Pauline, a Luna, right before the election, here's what she was doing again, she was taking photographs with the Maxim Swimsuit magazines. I didn't even know that Maxim still, still is around, but apparently it is. So she's on the front cover of Maxim and Matt. Gaetz is responding. We are so back. 'cause that's what America really wants, I mean. We we not good governance, not social security, not Medicare, not good healthcare.


Not a functioning government, not cre, not competent people. We need, we need people like Matt Gaetz and swimsuit models and tantric sex gurus and all masquerading as family values apparently. Apparently that's what the Republicans are. Wake up people. Let's wake up please. We're gonna cover it all here on the Midas Touch Network. Kids subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. We'll get there with your support. Thank you for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Lipsy ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.