
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem? Call one 800 GAMBLER.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantisx X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next with Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


Democrats going on the offense in the House of Representatives and the Senate cross-examining Trump's cabinet members, putting them in their place, exposing them on live tv. During these hearings, I wanna show you what went down in both the House and the Senate. So you had Donald Trump's treasury Secretary Scott Besson testifying before the House of Representatives Democratic Congress Member Gomez starts off by saying, how are you doing? Treasury Secretary Scott Besson. 'cause I heard that Elon Musk rugby style, what checked you? He checked you in, in, in your gut because they got into a physical fight.


Here's what went down. Play this clip. Thank you Mr. Chairman. Mr. Secretary, how are you doing? So far so good. Okay, I was just curious 'cause I know Elon Musk body checked you at the White House. I just know animosity to Elon Musk, right? You, you, you know that, That's what I heard. So you believe that's what I heard. You, you believe what you read on Breitbart. Oh, listen what you're telling Us, Congressman, listen, I didn't know if it's too sensitive for you. I won't ask that question, but lemme move On. I I will take South Carolina over South Africa any day. Yeah, go for it. Just call out these people to their face. Then I love Democratic Congress member Tom Swazi from New York's third Congressional District using his questioning to show that treasury Secretary Scott Besant and Donald Trump go against literally every single expert and economist in the United States and the world.


This is how it's done with good cross examining, play this clip. Now you don't agree with the CBO. We've heard that several times. You also disagree with the Committee for Responsible Budget who said there's gonna be a 3 trillion de dollar deficit from this. You disagree with that also, right? Yes. And you disagree with the Yale Budget lab. You went to Yale, you don't agree with the Yale Budget Lab. They say it's gonna be a $3 trillion deficit from this. Do you disagree with them also? There are a lot of things I disagree with Yale on these days. Do you disagree with the Penn Wharton budget model who said there's gonna be a $3 trillion deficit from this bill? Yes. You disagree with Elon Musk who you, you supposedly you do get along with. Now I it will massively increase the already gigantic deficit, but to 2.5 trillion in burden American citizens with crushingly unsustainable debt.


Do you disagree with Mr. Musk on that issue? Yes. Do you disagree with Ray Dalio who said that this is a unsustainable? I I agree with Ray Dalio that we need to get our fiscal house in order. Do you disagree with Jamie Diamond who says this is gonna cause a crack in the bond markets? I met with Mr. Diamond the other day and he wasn't necessarily referring to government finances. He, well, He said there's gonna be a crack that's gonna take place in either six months or six years. And so let's asking you, when do you think that's gonna happen? That I believe he was referring to market structure. Do you think that there's, do you disagree with Mr. Fink from BlackRock who said this is gonna be a sustain problem as well? I look, I I believe that we have to get our fiscal house in order.


Then You've got Democratic Congress member Byer just asking the question that I think we all wanna know. Like, aren't you just embarrassed with your life? Scott Besant, treasury Secretary Besant? Aren't you just embarrassed and shamed to just be you right now and have to come up here and lie and act like the GDP P'S doing great when it's actually we were in a contraction of our economy last quarter. Here play this clip. The administration is in retreat from key policy areas. I wanna say given your successful past, isn't this embarrassing? Is there a question there? Sir? There's A question. Isn't this embarrassing? Oh, it it, is it embarrassing?


Well, I'm sorry, congressman, but you the seem not to have seen the economic data. The we had the GDP growth has been quite substantial. Job growth is solid. GDP Growth is half what it was last year, sir, the Job growth is solid and we had The job growth is a third, but it was all No, no, no. And, and private sector job growth especially. And if you'd like to talk about inflation, would you, The the inflation has been coming down. Just the inflation is good so far. We'll see, every economic thing I read, which is much every day suggests the impact of the tariffs did not hit yet. Well, why, why don't, why don't we look at the data rather, rather than the hysteria, which is how I made my career.


So while the Democrats were doing that, you had the Magar Republicans like Marjorie Taylor Greene delivering speeches like the following play this clip. He is now being charged on multiple felony counts for human trafficking. As a matter of fact, we're thrilled to bring him back and prosecute him and make you guys continue to own them. Remember, he's your Maryland man. Enough of that going back to the Democrats, here's Democratic Congresswoman Sol and he or she is questioning Treasury Secretary Scott Besant and just watch what he does. And then she just is like, did I just hear what you said here, play this clip.


The Last question that I was asked to, to ask you was, when will we hit the debt ceiling? I know that this big beautiful bill also means a debt or increase in the debt ceiling. And frankly, I heard you say that that is something that's an imperative. I would agree with that. When do we foresee us hitting the debt ceiling? Congressman, I I want to congratulate you. You have a very sophisticated constituency to ask questions like this that the, the so-called X date I is a With all due respect, just because you're poor doesn't mean you're ignorant. As I said, very sophisticated. Yeah, it was a So it just, can you answer the question?


Because I mean, we wanna know, I'm in the moment have Of saying I I'd like to know whether or Not I'm gonna have a saying thank you to compliments that the, the so-called X date is a moving target. So when do you for, I mean you're the, you're the Secretary of Transport. So tell me when do you predict, given where we are right now will be, will we hit the ceiling Some point in the middle to late summer? Is that August, July Again? It it is imprecise. Well, sir, I just think that it is, it is an abomination that we are actually giving bigger tax cuts. The wealthiest Americans who don't need a tax cut, The gentleman's time is Required.


Meanwhile, we're taking away food assistance and healthcare from people who desperately need Gentleman's time is, thank You and I back. So you have that taking place. Then meanwhile, you have Marjorie Taylor Green on the house floor doing this play, this clip, Take for example their favorite MS 13 gang member Kmar Rego Garcia. This MS 13 gang member wife beater was deported to El Salvador for countless violations of our laws. Democrats labeled him wrongfully deported Marilyn man. Oh, boohoo. And they flew to El Salvador to meet with him.


Thank you. And Democrats couldn't wait to go on vacation to go down and pretend like they cared about this MS 13 gang member. Like they really actually do. No more of that. Democratic Congresswoman Plaskitt said the following to Treasury Secretary Scott Bessant when he tried to talk over her play this clip. We have seen since January 20th that the stark market overall has gone down 1.3% and gas has gone up. Ma'am, that's incorrect. Excuse Me. Let me, let me, let me, that's get something straight with you first here. I've seen you interrupt everyone. When you come to someone's house, you respect their rules.


And in this house, we don't interrupt individuals. And you're not going to interrupt my time. I'm going to give you time to respond. You may wanna jot down some notes about things that you don't agree with me on so that you can respond to them at that time. But while I'm speaking as the person holding this time, you'll refrain from speaking, sir, until I am done, I I look forward to response until I'm done and then I will give you time to speak. Okay? Look, look, look forward to the facts. Thank you. I'll look forward to your response. Whether they're factual or incorrect, either Back to Democratic Congress Member Gomez. Let's play it. The Big billionaire bill because it benefits mainly billionaires at the expense of working people.


You're cutting their healthcare, you're making sure that they're, they're gonna be paying more than 20 billion over the next 10 years. If you're making 30,000 or less and you guys are, don't care. And I think you don't care. Well 'cause your net worth is $521 million. Okay, Here, time Has, would that would be a false, that would be a false assumption. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back. That would Be, that would be a false assumption. And I think the people who didn't care were the Biden administration who wiped out working families and lost in a massive man, a massive referendum on November 5th. I would like to remind the committee that this is the Ways and Means committee and have discussions on policies, not personalities.


And don't call another member out by their name. If you're referring to another member, you say what state they're from. That is the rules of this committee. Thank you. And then here we have Treasury Secretary Scott Bessant admitting that Trump will likely extend the pause on his tariffs past the July 90 day tariff deadline. Remember, 90 days? That's it. 90 deals in 90 days. Watch what Treasury Secretary Scott Besson says, play this clip. He gave an answer that was Frank all over the place and difficult to understand we're less than a month away from Liberation Day Part two. Very few of the trade deals have been announced yet I think most people in Congress and around the world would like to know what's going on.


Should America be preparing for Liberation Day 2.0? Should we plan? What do we plan for January, July 9th and July 2nd? I I would say, as I have repeatedly said, that there are 18 important trading partners. We are working for deal toward deals on those. And it is highly likely that those countries that are negotiate or trading blocks is in the case of the EU who are negotiating in good faith. We will roll the date forward to continue good faith negotiations. If someone is not negotiating, then we will not.


If you're like me, instead of learning to skateboard, you wish you were learning to write code and instead of scraping through college, you wish you bought Bitcoin at less than a cent or secured a few Nvidia shares before they boomed. We might be the FOMO generation, but don't miss out on protecting your future for around the same price per month as one of your streaming services. You can break our generational cycle and secure your and your family's future by finding life insurance at SelectQuote dot com. For over 40 years, SelectQuote has helped more than 2 million Americans understand their options and get the coverage that they need over $700 billion in coverage and counting. Now, as a broker, their mission is simple to find you the right insurance policy at the best price. SelectQuote takes the guesswork outta finding the right life insurance policy. SelectQuote also works with providers who offer same-day coverage, up to $2 million worth with no medical exam required. And you're not out of luck if you have a pre-existing health condition. Because SelectQuote partners with companies that offer policies for people with conditions like high blood pressure, diabetes or heart disease, SelectQuote makes life insurance simple. Even if this is your first time thinking about it, life insurance is never cheaper than it is today. Get the right life insurance for you for less and save more than 50% at SelectQuote dot com slash midas. Save more than 50% on term life insurance at SelectQuote dot com slash midas today to get started. That's SelectQuote dot com slash midas.


Let's take a look at what was going down in the Senate for a moment with Democratic Senator Konz hears his questioning of Treasury Secretary Scott Bessant. Brilliant. Play this Clip, treasury and state. Were rolling out new sanctions designations every few weeks, much of last year. How many new Russian entities have you designated under your sanctions authority since January? I I will get back to you with that number. The answer's zero. How many entities worldwide have you sanctioned for doing business with Russian companies in ways that undermine our sanctions and export controls? I'll get back to you with that number. I believe the answer is zero. I hope I'm wrong. I'd love it if you'd get back to me and tell me I'm wrong. But the PRC is helping Russia's defense industry by providing dual use components and advanced technologies.


Last week, chancellor Mertz briefed a bipartisan group of us on Russia's alarming re armament with help from China, Iran, and North Korea. How many Chinese firms have been designated for doing work directly with Russia's defense industry? I I will get back to you on that. I will tell you that we have sanctioned numerous Chinese companies, the for receiving Iranian oil, and we have been working on the, the shadow fleets are not independent. Now, back to the House of Representative Democratic Congresswoman Sanchez. Here's what she had to say. I was alarmed to hear this morning that Trump said that the US China deal was done after just two days of talks in London.


Mr. Secretary, the press release on this so-called deal looks more like a framework. Congress who has the constitutional authority over trade needs the details of this supposed deal de deal. So I'm asking if you will provide this committee with the actual details of this deal because there has been, un unlike what was said earlier, there has been no consultation with, with our side of the aisle, at least on the China negotiation. Will you commit to giving us the specifics of that deal? The details? The congresswoman, I flew back at 4:00 AM this morning to be here this morning. And we are current. So Simply yes or no Question, we no, it is not as simple yes or no question.


We are in, in the midst of constructing it. And back to your question, China has proven an unreliable partner in strategic. Will you commit to consulting with us on trade deal with China Gentleman's time has expired. I would ask the witness wanted to answer that last Question. Gentle woman's time has expired. I know It's a yes or no question. It's very simple Representative. I raised many of your concerns to the Chinese delegation and it will be a longer process. The trade deal today or last night, the, it was for a specific goal and it will be a much longer process. And I will note that the previous administration did nothing.


Mr. But excuse me. The Mr question is whether or not You would the gentleman Congress mayor, Mr. Arrington's Time, here's Congresswoman Sanchez again to Bessett. Let's play it. I Don't believe that the President's tariffs are going to be a one-time price adjustment for American families. If if prices go up, they will be one time. Okay. Well, unfortunately you appear to be talking out of both sides of your mouth because you yourself have admitted after conversations with Walmart that some tariff costs are gonna get passed on to consumers. And in fact, we've already seen that prices are rising on many everyday goods. No, con Congress congresswoman today, please Don't Interrupt me. We had a, the time is mine point.


The time is mine. Please don't interrupt me. And, and I will ask you questions and I will grant you an opportunity to answer them. But please don't interrupt me during my time with pleasure. Okay? I know I'm a woman, but please try to Oh, limit yourself to answering my questions. No, I'm sorry, but we get talked over all the time and I, and I don't want that to happen at this hearing. I Would remind members, the gentle lady is recognized. Please proceed. Thank you. The time is mine now. I love this moment when de Democratic Senator Reed from Rhode Island's cross-examining Pete Hegseth, the former Fox host, who's now somehow the Secretary of Defense. Let's play It. There's a general understanding that you have taken possession of this Qatari aircraft, the 7 47.


But there are public reports that Qatari have not yet signed a memorandum of understanding, which would specify that the agreement was initiated by the Trump administration. And Qatar is not responsible for any future transfer transfers of the plane's ownership. Are you in possession of the Qatar airplane Now, Any specifics about future aircraft? That could be Air Force One can't be discussed here, but sure it can be discussed. There is a Conversation about A memorandum of understanding. A memorandum of understanding remains to be signed. Senator, You have signed a contract with a company to reconfigure the aircraft.


What is the price of that contract That cannot be revealed in this setting? Sir, why Can't it be revealed in this setting? Well, this is the appropriation committee of the United States Senate. We appropriate the money that you will spend after it's authorized by my committee. And you cannot tell us how much the contract is for. You will have that number, Senator. It just can't be Talked about. You want it now? It's been signed. The contract has have been signed. Correct. The contract has been signed. The memorandum of understanding is not complet And therefore no, I'm, I'm talking about the contract with the American con contractor. Has it been signed? It's nothing, nothing on that front that I'm aware of is being executed. Well that's contrary to what we've all heard.


Second thing, what's the delivery time in the contract? Again, the delivery time of anything of that sensitive nature is not for public consumption. Can you tell me the delivery time for the Boeing aircraft that were being prepared for Air Force One? Was that in the contract? Well, one of the problems is, is that the way we, we actually procure aircraft in this country takes so long. Oh yeah. That when it's ordered it's 7, 8, 9, 10 years late requiring the necessity for a stopgap alternative. Well, no, what you've just said is that the Boeing information was public knowledge, the delivery date, the cost, the cost overruns. But this is not because this is not only a bad deal for the American public.


It is just agra. It's gratifying. The president's ego. That's all it is. Thank you. Here he is again, questioning Hegseth about what the hell are you doing with the Marines in Los Angeles? Play this Clip. The more accountable you are, the higher your standards are. How much it all makes you more lethal. So you're and the mission in Los Angeles, as you know, well sir, is not about lethality. It's about maintaining law and order on behalf of law enforcement agents who deserve to do their job without being attacked by mobs of people, Lord. And so we're very proud that the National Guard and the Marines are on the streets defending the ice agents. And they will continue to Do that. Doing a great job.


Order is a civil function under the Constitution of the United States civil enforcement, law enforcement authorities, not the US military. And there's Plenty of precedent for the US military supporting Law enforcement officers. What your military is doing right now is laying constantino wire guarding buildings, maintaining vehicles for other services. This is not only, I think illegal, but also a diminution of the readiness and the focus of the military. I thought this was great questioning by Democratic Senator Schatz. Here he is questioning the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Kane play this clip.


I'll start with General Kane is the United States being invaded by a foreign nation? Sir, thanks. Thanks for your question. I, I think at, at this point in time, I, I don't see any foreign state sponsored folks invading, but I'll, you know, be mindful of the fact that, that there has been some border issues throughout time and and defer to you to DHS who handles the border along the nation's contiguous outline. Is there a rebellion somewhere in the United States?


Sir? I I think there's, there's definitely some, some frustrated folks out there. I mean, if frustrated folks were a rebellion, Erie is again, questioning Hegseth play this Clip. And I guess that goes to my question for the secretary. Two things there, there, there should be some sort of paper flow that the committee, the congress, the public can look at in invoking Title 10, section 12 4 0 6. So can you give us some clarification on whether the orders that were issued apply to specifically Los Angeles, to California generally, or is this a nationwide order?


The orders that have been issued, which are publicly available known, relate to an ongoing, ongoing situation in Los Angeles, which could expand to other places. But it's quite easy to point out that there has been an invasion of 21 million illegals in our country onto the previous administration. So what this administration was elected, can we take to get ahold of that? Yeah. Can we just take care of that? And when you have ice officers being attacked with concrete blocks Secretary, I really, They should be allowed to do their job secretary. I'd Really like to not try to create a viral moment for either of us. I'm actually trying to understand kind of the scope of this order. And then finally we have Democratic Senator Murray, I think just summing it all up in her questioning to defense secretary Pete Hegseth.


Let's play it. Secretary Hegseth. You oversee one of the largest and most important, important organizations on planet Earth. More. More than anything, the Department of Defense needs a stable, competent, and strategic leadership. And much as I had feared back in January is not what we are seeing under your leadership. In a matter of months, you have lost top aides and reportedly struggled to hire new ones. You have fired highly respected top military officials. You shared highly sensitive attack plans over signal and apparently with people in your own personal circles and you've not taken responsibility for those mistakes.


All the while the security challenges we face have grown larger, not smaller. And then in the face of these challenges, you've taken a series of actions that weaken our posture. For example, in my home state of Washington, which is home to many DOD installations, critical to our Indo-Pacific strategy, you have pushed out almost 2000 highly trained civilian employees, including at Puget Sound Naval Shipyard. Mr. Secretary, you talk about returning the department to its mission of war fighting. But I am repeatedly hearing that your policy and personnel changes at the Pentagon are undermining, not strengthening our military's preparedness to protect our country.


You are deploying the American military to police the American people. He's sending the National Guard to California without the governor's request, sending the Marines not after foreign threats, but after American protestors. And now President Trump is promising heavy force against peaceful protestors at his DC military parade. Those sorts of actions and that sort of rhetoric from a president of the United States should stop every one of us cold threatening to use our own troops on our own citizens at such scale is unprecedented. It is unconstitutional, and it is downright un-American.


We should all be speaking out against this. And demanding accountability. Yeah, Powerful Questioning indeed. Oh, this is what I wanna see. I wanna see Democrats go on the offense like this. It's good to see. Wanna see them fight? Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. And thank you so much for watching New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Midas touch com.