
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply


Ready to level up. Chumba Casino is your playbook to fun. It's free to play with no purchase necessary. Enjoy hundreds of casino style games like bingo slots and solitaire anytime anywhere with fresh releases every week. Whether you're at home or on the go, let Chumba Casino bring the excitement to you. Plus get free daily login bonuses and a free welcome bonus. Join now for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Play Chumba Casino today, no purchase necessary. VGW Group Floyd, were prohibited by law 18 plus TNC Supply.


It's just so wild to see all of these MAGA Republicans in utter disarray right now as Donald Trump just blows up the federal government and destroys our economy. I mean, look, you now have the right wing podcasters like Joe Rogan say that they're against the oligarchy And that the oligarchy's the danger. Watch Joe, why this is the MAGA Republican podcaster, Joe Rogan play this clip. Bernie Sanders is right, right in that you should be scared of oligarchs and oligarchs shouldn't be running our government. He's right in that regard, right? And when people get into positions of just unchecked power, Alright Joe, I don't know if this is anything to do with the fact that we're beating you in in in podcast downloads right now by like double a month.


We got like twice as many downloads as him or that the Midas Touch Network, thanks to all of you, the Midas Mighty just won the Webby podcast of the year. These MAGA republicans are changing their tune. Joe Rogan, you laundered the oligarchy and normalized it in the 2024 for election. You were literally the oligarchy guy. Oh, and then they have Nancy Mace. Remember yesterday I was showing you Nancy Mace like going around like grocery stores with her cell phone and like picking fights with like random people and and saying like, you are in Daisy Duke shorts. And then she'd like, record. We go, I'm being harassed. I'm being harassed. Well, she just made a video of herself. This is what mag, this is what the ma Republicans are doing.


She made a video of herself reading these statements, which she say are names that people call her. And it's like, just I'll show you just a small portion of it. Here, play this clip. So Here you go. Listen up. Nancy Mace is a nasty bitch. I would pay money to see Mace get fucking decked in the mouth. And look, nobody should be harassing members of Congress. Nobody should be engaged in, you know, behavior that's threatening or intimidating at, at, at all. You know, Nancy Mace is someone who harasses and intimidates marginalized communities and discriminates against the L-G-B-T-Q community and trans people in my opinion. You know, like what do you do?


Why are you reading this? That, that goes on By the way, for minutes, I'm showing you eight seconds 'cause she goes on and just spends the whole time reading in her own voice and like cursing and cursing. Anyway, this is from Associated Press headline. As controversies pile up, Trump allies increasingly are turning on another, okay, so yesterday at the White House, they were walking Tim Pool, the kind of MAGA republican right wing podcaster around, and he was dressed with his like weird beanie that he wears and he was wearing like a, a zip up sweatshirt. This whole thing was weird. Then he emailed, then he interviewed Christie Nome.


I thought this, this Brendan Dilly guy I think is a, is a MAGA podcaster too. And here's what he's mocking the other MAGA podcaster Tim P thinks is not real maga. He goes, Christie Nome is such a badass that she sat down this morning and come and confronted the homeless man that stole her purse last night at dinner, right? And then Tim Poole goes into the White House press room yesterday. And as our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski goes podcaster, Tim Poole got the invite to the White House press briefing in the new media seat. And his question is to ask Caroline Levitt, the chief propagandist of the White House, to comment on why everyone is being mean to the people in that seat for asking stupid questions here, play this Clinton on An effort from the White House to expand access to new companies.


You've created this NewMedia seat. So I'm wondering if you can comment on following this expansion. You've had numerous outlets disparage the, the, the companies that you've had sit here as well as the reporters. I'm wondering if you could Comment on the unprofessional behavior As also yesterday we learned that Vladimir Putin got Donald Trump a gift that Donald Trump and Trump's special envoy to Russia absolutely love Steve Whitcoff. Donald Trump's special envoy to Russia unveiled this incredible painting that he says. It was incredible that Putin gave them and said that Donald Trump was touched by this painting. What timeline are we living in? You were touched by the painting that a, a war criminal genocide or you know, Putin killer, you know, literally an enemy of the United States.


I'm glad that you were touched by it. You know, so then you had Pete Hegseth make his rounds yesterday, like, like this is wacky like zombie stuff though, right? Like this is twilight zone stuff. Pete Hegseth and went on Fox. 'cause Pete Hegseth was a former Fox host. So he goes on Fox morning, he was the Fox Sunday morning host. And like he's so utterly unhinged and he's talking about how it's not a bad thing that he gave the classified war plans to his wife. And they're not really war plans here. Watch this. Why Would it surprise anybody, Brian, if those very same people keep leaking to the very same reporters, whatever information they think they can have to try to sabotage the agenda of the president or the secretary.


So once a leaker, always a leaker. And at night on CNN, you have Scott Jennings who's like the Trump propagandist to goes on CNN. He's like, yeah, I think maybe Pete, he should have shut up and just maybe be quiet for a little bit here. Play this clip A learning curve, Scott, in this meritocratic administration, a learning curve at the Pentagon. Yeah, I, I have some public relations advice for these folks. If I were Secretary Hef, I wouldn't do any more media interviews Right now the best way to prove you can do the job is to do the job.


Wow. I can't believe it. But my little girl is seven months old right now. Now, as soon as she was born, I had to stop procrastinating and avoiding something that I knew I had to do. I had to get life insurance. I was avoiding it. I'm glad I got it. I now learned that 40% of people wish they got life insurance when they were younger. And you know, I think it's a really important thing to protect your family and give you the peace of mind. With PolicyGenius, you can find life insurance policies that start at just $292 per year for $1 million of coverage. Some options are 100% online and let you avoid unnecessary medical exams. One of the things that I liked is that PolicyGenius combined these digital tools with expertise of real licensed agents. They had real people who walked me through the process. They answered my questions, they helped me through the paperwork that could sometimes be confusing. They made the process seamless. And look, I trust PolicyGenius. And one of the reasons I think you should trust PolicyGenius also is that thousands of happy PolicyGenius customers left five star reviews. Similar to my review of it, they left it on Google and on Trustpilot. So do me a favor, secure your families tomorrow. So you have peace of mind today. Head to PolicyGenius dot com slash midas or click the link in the description to get your free life insurance quotes and see how much you can save. That's PolicyGenius dot com slash midas. Make sure you spell Midas right. M-E-I-D-A-S one more time. PolicyGenius dot com slash midas.


And then you have Charles Gas, a MAGA guy, business guy writes for the New York Post. And here he's on Fox and he's talking about how Vance is now gonna be the major executor and trade negotiations here at play. This clip Participation, what is interesting is that I heard that VP Vance, now we know he's in India right now, right? He's become, and this is how they described it to me, people close to Vance, a major executor in the trade negotiations. Hmm, I don't know what that exactly means. It means he have a gun. Does he have a gun in his hand? I doubt it. But apparently he's gonna be part of, he's part and parcel of these things with Scott Bessant, with Howard Lutnick to make this work.


And they are scrambling to do deals. And then finally to kind of, you know, top it all off the MAGA Republicans then bring on, you know, this congress member right here and this MAGA republican congress member, you know, he talks about how he wants to gut Medicaid Austin Scott from Georgia. And here he talks about like, yeah, what we wanna do in our budget is we want to transfer the federal obligations of Medicaid. Right now it's 90% Feds 10% state. We want the whole states to handle it. They're, they're telling you their plan is to cut Medicaid. I mean, listen, just listen to what they're saying here, play this clip. FMAP is the federal medical assistance percentage and it ranges from 50% in the country to 76.9%.


Now, when the, when the Dems expanded Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act, they made that percentage match 90 10. So the federal government is paying 90% of the Medicaid expansion. And so what we have talked about is moving that 90% level of the expansion back towards the more traditional levels of 52 to approximately 80% instead, instead of the 90 10, 90% being federal, 10% being state match. And nobody would be kicked off of Medicaid as long as the governors decided that they wanted to continue to fund the program. And so we, we are gonna ask the states to pick up and pay some additional percentage of the Medicaid percentage.


And as American Bridge, 21st Century says, if Republicans cut federal funding for Medicaid expansion, millions will lose their healthcare. There's a number of states with trigger laws that automatically end Medicaid if the federal funding is cut. So any everywhere from Arizona to Arkansas to Idaho to Illinois, they have these trigger laws. And so it's effectively destroying Medicaid. And that's their, that's their plan, right? With Trump's plan is, well, we'll have, you know, we, we don't need fema. The states will do fema. No, the federal government needs to do federal emergency relief because the states don't have the resources.


Then the very reason why there's a federal government is to, you know, is to, is to deal with these things. They're like, oh, we don't need a Department of education except when it comes to garnishing wages of students who are defaulted on their loans. Right? You had McMahon, Linda McMahon, the Department of Education secretary, destroy the Department of Education, but go after students here. This is her saying right here. I I know you like to get into the details, so let's talk about the plans, the structure, and the period of time to one, get money back if you're a taxpayer in the sense of no more payoffs, buyouts, or whatever, that the Biden administration left in place.


Well, thank you David and you and Lisa both for having me on this afternoon. Well, the plan is very simple. We, we have announced at beginning May 5th, you must start to repay your loan. And this is not to in any way try to cause hardships. There are several different payment plans that you can access. Oh, and then you have Joe Rogan again talking about the importance of due process. Yeah. You got Rogan talking about due process here, play this clip. What about due process? No. Fuck that. Well, here's the problem with, fuck that. The problem with things that are going in a radical direction and then there, then there's an overcorrection. So the overcorrection is lack of due process.


The overcorrection is like round 'em all up, ship 'em to jail. Like that's like some things that you say when you're not thinking things through. Like what do you do about all the criminals? Take 'em all fucking send 'em to El Salvador. Yeah. What what about due process? No, fuck that. Well, here's the problem with, fuck that. What if you are an enemy of, let's not say any current president, let's pr pr pretend we got a new president, totally new guy in 2028. And there's is a common practice now of just rounding up gang members with no due process and shipping them to El Salvador. You're a gang member. No, I'm not. Prove it. What? I You go to court No, no due process.


That's, that's dangerous, Joe. That's that's dangerous man. That's dangerous. That's dangerous. That's, we gotta be careful that we don't become monsters while we're fighting monsters. I think due process exists for a reason. And the reason is it is horrific for someone to be accused of something they didn't do, be imprisoned for crimes they didn't commit, and then live in a cell, live in a cage with a bunch of people Who did commit Shit. Here it is Benjamin Franklin, it's better. A hundred guilty person should escape than one innocent person should suffer. That that is wisdom. Yeah. That has survived hundreds of years. It's incredibly accurate and it is the foundation of freedom. Like we have to make sure that these people are actually guilty, otherwise we become monsters.


You can't, like, what is that? When you fight monsters, be careful that you don't become one. Become one. Yeah. Yeah. That's very important. It's very important. You know, you can't do that. You know, it's one of those things where to support one side of this, you have to deny some like basic human values either way, like to support just rounding people up and just assuming they're all gang members. I don't, I'm not saying they're doing that, but this is the worst case scenario, right? Yeah. They get a bunch of people in a room, they rope 'em all in and one guy's just someone's cousin picking someone up to give 'em a ride home. That's possible. And now you're back on the one innocent person with a, now you're right back.


And what if that dude is not doing anything wrong and he's got some stupid tattoos and they decide that this guy's a gang member. And now, now you're in a prison in El Salvador and you're not even from El Salvador and now you know, you were just a hairdresser or you were a tattoo artist, family man, wherever you are. Yeah. You came over here and maybe you got a green card and maybe you don't, maybe you were just given asylum. 'cause a lot of people from Venezuela were given asylum in America. Yeah. And then you get shipped to El Salvador where you're not even from El Salvador. So that the fact that that exists scares the shit out of me. And Then Elon Musk on an earnings call whining about tariffs. Here, let's play it. Well, I just want to emphasize that this, this, the tariff decision is entirely up to the president of the United States.


I'll weigh in with my advice with the president, which he, he, he will listen to my advice, but then it's up to him, of course to make his decision. I, I've been on the record many times saying that I believe lower tariffs are generally a good idea for prosperity. But this decision is fundamentally up to the elected representative of the people being the president of the United States. So, you know, I'll continue to advocate for lower tariffs rather than higher tariffs. But that's all I can do. So anyway, you, you, you hear it for yourself right there. Let let me know what you think.


Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100%. USA Union made.