
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit Chem Dry dot com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit Chem Dry dot com today.


This episode is brought to you by Enterprise Mobility. From Fleet Management to flexible truck rentals to technology solutions, enterprise Mobility helps businesses find the right mobility solutions so they can find new opportunities. Because if your businesses on the road, they wanna make sure it's on the road to success. Enterprise mobility, moving you moves the world. Find your road@enterprisemobility.com.


I'm William Gug, a URI Collaborate and professional Ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing. I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the Campiest jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to uri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


This podcast is brought to you by Carvana. Customizable, fast, easy, all words Carvana. Customers have used to describe buying and financing their car with Carvana. We wanna make your car financing journey hassle-free. Carvana has thousands of affordable cars, transparent pricing, and customizable terms. We do everything in our power to give you the power to find finance and buy the perfect car. Go to Carvana dot com to finance your car today. Terms may apply.


A Democratic Congress member from Detroit introduced a resolution for the impeachment of Donald Trump today on the house floor. This utterly pissed off the MAGA Republicans in the house, and they tried to cut off the Democratic Congress member from even speaking. I wanna show you what went down here as you have Democratic Congress member Shri Edar. He's a Congress member from Detroit. He's about to introduce these resolution, this resolution for impeachment. Then magar, Republican representative Wilson says, stop talking. Stop talking. I wanna show you the introduction of this resolution. Let me show you what happens when the Magar Republicans try to interrupt.


First, let's play this clip, Department of Education as enacted in the Department of Education. What purpose does the from South Carolina seek recognition? Ms. Speaker, The gentleman from Michigan was recognized for one minute. He has substantially exceeded one minute with absurdities, If I may. Actually, the gentleman is at this point, had had spoken for one minute, then was recognized subsequently to give notice under Rule nine for a resolution chair. Continue. So, so the gentleman has the floor for that purpose. Thank you, Mr. Speaker. The gentleman from Mic Michigan may continue. Yeah. So then finally, democratic Congress member Fanar gets to introduce the resolution, You know, and it's a pretty powerful resolution.


Look, with the Mago Republicans in control of the House and the Senate, they're not going to pass any such resolution. But Donald Trump is engaging in high crimes and misdemeanors before our eyes. It's clear that that's happening every single day. And frankly, multiple times a day, Donald Trump is committing crimes. Whether it's accepting bribes, whether it's defying Supreme Court orders. Donald Trump is a criminal. He's always been, he's a felony. He's a sexual abuser. He is a fraud. He is a bankrupt. He is a utter embarrassment to the United States of America. So, You know, let me know what you think about the fact that Democratic Congress member Van Nada is introducing this resolution for impeachment.


Obviously, the MAGA Republicans are gonna block it, but what do you think about him even introducing it? Let me show you what went down. Play this clip, Mr. Speaker, pursuant to Class two A, one of Rule nine arise to give notice of my intention to raise a question of the privilege of the house. Read the notice. Yes. And the gentleman will read the notice. May I proceed? Yes, Gentleman, can I ask to read the notice? Mr. Speaker? The form of the resolution is as follows, House resolution 3 5 3 impeding Donald John Trump, president of the United States for high crimes and misdemeanors resolution, impeaching Donald John Trump, president of the United States for high crimes and misdemeanors.


Resolved that Donald John Trump, president of the United States is impeached for high crimes and misdemeanors. And that the following articles of impeachment be exhibited to the Senate article of impeachment exhibited by the House of representative of the United States of America in the name of itself and of the people of the United States of America, against Donald John Trump, president of the United States of America in maintenance and support of its impeachment against him for high crimes and misdemeanors.


Article one, obstruction of Justice, violation of due process, and a breach of the duty to faithfully execute laws. The Constitution provides that the House of Representatives shall have the sole power of impeachment, and that the precedent shall be removed from office on impeachment for and conviction of treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors.


Further, article two of the Constitution states that the precedent shall take care, that the laws be faithfully executed. And by the way, here, the Congress member is talking about it even more about, You know, what he's doing here, what he's after, what his goal is here, here at Play, this clip, This is Congressman Sri Tanar. Donald Trump has already done real damage to our democracy, but defying a unanimous nine oh Supreme Court ruling that has to be the final straw is time.


We impeach Donald J. Trump. The court said the wrongfully deported Kilmer Garcia must be allowed to return and received due process. Trump ignored it. He ignored the Constitution. He ignored the very checks and balances that keep our democracy intact. This isn't an isolated incident, is part of a dangerous, deliberate pattern. That's why today I introduced a resolution to impeach Donald J. Trump outlining seven articles of impeachment.


You're smart enough to know when something's not working, like when you can't focus at work, or when you're dragging by 2:00 PM or when your stomach feels like it's fighting you after every meal. Well, here's the thing, these aren't random symptoms. Your gut impacts everything from your digestion to your brain function to your energy levels. That's why we love Just Thrive Probiotic, unlike other brands that make big promises but fall apart in your stomach. Just Thrive is the only probiotic clinically proven to arrive in your gut. 100% alive For you, that means real results, like better digestion, healthy immunity, and more energy to tackle your day. But don't just take our word for it. Try. Just Thrive probiotic for 90 days and see how much better you feel if you don't notice a difference. They'll refund every penny, even if the bottle's empty. Start your 90 day risk-free trial today at Just Thrive health.com and use promo code Midas to save 20% on your first bottle. That's Just Thrive health.com. Promo code Midas.


Now, I wanna also show you now the Democratic leader right here, Hakeem Jeffries. And he's asked a question separately. You know, the, the Trump DOJ, which by the way, in my view, is a criminal cartel. Let's call 'em what they are. Let's use accurate words. They're trying to now potentially arrest democratic Congress members in Newark the same way Trump's DOJ arrested the mayor of Newark for simply asking questions about this private prison. Delaney Hall with private prison guards paid for by tax dollars of we the people and the mayor of Newark saying, what the hell are you doing in my district?


What are you doing in my city? Let, let me see what's going on here. I'm the mayor. And they arrested him and they assaulted democratic members of Congress. And now they're accusing the Democratic members of assaulting the private prison guards because they're the Gestapo. I mean, they're like, You know, the brown shirts, that's what the Trump, DOJ is has become. Here's what democratic leader, Hakeem Jeffries has to say, play this clip. Questions, Mr. Leader, good afternoon. What would you, your statement the other day after there was this incident in Newark, you said they better not touch our members. Correct. What happens if they were to go and arrest these members, or if they were try to sanction them during the house of break?


They'll find out. What would you do though? I mean, they'll find out. I mean, but doesn't that broach a they'll find out. Doesn't that go across? That's a red line. What's the, what's the red line though? I mean, I know we have this, it's red line. It's very Clear. First of all, I think that the so-called Homeland Security spokesperson is a joke. It's a joke. They know better than to go down that road. And it's been made loudly and abundantly clear to the Trump administration. We're not gonna be intimidated by their tactics to try to force principled opposition from not standing up to their extremism.


It hasn't happened during the entirety of this failed term. It didn't happen when Donald Trump temporarily was sitting high in the immediate aftermath of the election. Do you think it's gonna happen now when he is the most unpopular president, president in American history after his first 100 days? Gimme a break. No one's intimidated by this dude. No one. And so there are clear lines that they just dare not cross. And here's one of the propagandists of the regime angling to be the new pink dress lady after Caroline Levitt.


Here she is, Tricia McLaughlin. She's been making a lot of appearances on Fox. Again, just an utter, humiliating human being. Let's watch what she has to say. Play this clip. She's not fighting for American victims. And I'd like to lay out the facts. The fact that it was these three members of Congress who trespassed broke the law and stormed that ice detention facility. They put law enforcement at risk. They put our detainees at risk and they put our staff at risk. Had they asked for tour, we would've happily facilitated one for them. But there was absolutely no notice. And the fact that they put hands, they body slammed, body ramped, pushed, shove, whatever you wanna call it, it was assault on our ice agents. And it's unacceptable. Now, folks, there was also a markup in the Energy and Commerce committee today.


The markup is again, to take away your Medicaid. The Energy and Commerce Committee is where markups around Medicaid take place. As we've reported here on the Midas Touch Network, under the new GOP tax bill, the new one, the tax bill, they need to raise the debt ceiling by approximately $4 trillion or more, adding massive amounts of money, massive amounts to our deficit. They're, this is the least fiscally responsible thing. They're gonna be giving trillions and trillions of dollars in tax cuts for the billionaires. And the plan right now is to cut your Medicaid. That's clear. Get rid of Medicaid.


You'll lose it under the current way the resolution is framed. There were protests that broke out today. Chaos in the house hall in general. Play this clip, The chair, the committee will come to order the chair. The chair will advise the audience that disruption of a congressional business is a violation of law and is a criminal offense. Please come to order.


The chair advises the audience that violations will not be tolerated and the violators will be removed from the room and may be subject to arrest. No, it it, it should also be noted too, that magar Republican congress members and senators, You know, I, I even think that they're feeling a little uncomfortable. And these are cult members, right about the way Donald Trump is accepting bribes from Qatar and Middle East nations as Donald Trump is visiting them. For example, we have Magar Republican congress member from New York, Mike Lawler, and here he's asked about the Trump regime accepting bribes from Qatar and what he feels about it.


Let me show you what he has to say. Look, Let's face it, Hamas is based in Qatar. Okay? Yep. How do they explain that away? Hamas is based in Qatar. And what about this plane? What do you, are your your thoughts on this jumbo jet that the Qatar is wanna give President Trump? Well, I'm still seeking To get more clarity and information on it. Okay. I think, obviously from the president's standpoint, You know, he want, he wants to be able to have a, a plane that meets the needs of him and his administration. But obviously we don't wanna be straight up accepting any type of gift from any foreign government.


Certainly not, You know, one that can be viewed in a way that obviously has been presented here. So a lot more information that I think needs to come out on It. Co. Congressman, thank you so much. Good to see you. Here's MAGA Republican Senator Rand Paul asked about the bribes out in the open that Trump is accepting, play this clip On the jet. I do think the jet probably sends the wrong signal to people, and I don't like the look or appearance of it, so I would hope that he would reject it. The Constitution specifically says, you can't take gifts from foreign leaders. It doesn't say you can't take gifts unless they're gonna be for, You know, official use. We also do a lot of business with Qatar, and so we sell them a lot of arms.


Essentially, the United States is the biggest arms merchant in the world. We sell arms everywhere, and they're lucrative deals for the arms manufacturers. But I have actually tried to hold up arms sales before to both Saudi Arabia and a gutter because of their human rights records. So I don't know that we can have an honest appraisal of their human rights record and decisions on arm sales if we're receiving $400 million gifts from a country. So I'm not for it. And, and all these nations now want To get in on the bribe actions. If you tell Donald Trump we wanna build a Trump tower, he sacrifices American foreign policy and does whatever you want. We saw this in Saudi Arabia earlier.


Trump is now lifting the sanctions on Syria after Syria's new president pitches a Trump tower in Damascus, literally before and after Syria's new president says, we'll do Trump Tower Damascus. Trump announces he's lifting the sanctions on Syria. Now, corporate news can call all of this stuff out. Corporate news should be calling out Donald Trump's crimes. And by the way, I did other videos on this as well, so I don't need to repeat it here. I mean, but Donald Trump is clearly adult. He can't even speak in sentences, can't speak in sentences. Like I show you these speeches that Donald Trump gives, right? He doesn't, it's word salad. It's word mush, You know, and, and he's criming every single day.


But what does this tells you? Everything about our corporate news, right? What does our corporate news want to focus on right now? Of course, Joe Biden seems like every reporter wants to come out with a book right now, acting like former President Biden was like, like, like mentally gone. So that he couldn't even think. And that like, he needs like wheelchairs and like, he like, like we saw him, we saw him. He was old. Yes. Former President Biden. Guess what? He was in his eighties. He was old, but You know what he was able to do? Speak in sentences, speak logically, have coherent policies, not declare trade wars against the world. And then capitulate every time that there's pressure tank, the markets manipulate the markets except bribes.


There was a coherent policy. So y y'all can just, You know, the media could focus on, oh, Biden Biden's old. Okay. Yeah, he was old. He was an old guy. Sure. Should there be younger leadership? Is, is that the point you wanna make? If that's what you wanna say, then You know, it could say that versus being just overtly ageist. But this is what they're focusing on. I mean, Jake Cappers out with, they're all out with books and they all promote each other's books. Biden aids discussed wheelchair use. If he were reelected new books as he, I I, he's here in New York, we see him. He out getting pizza. He, he looks good. We saw him at Pope Francis' funeral look great while Donald Trump was like drooling on himself.


Like, could we just be really respected? I mean, here's Biden, let's play this. That, that was, that's Biden today. On the other hand, we have Donald Trump saluting the Saudi military as MBS is like with his heart. Thank you Donald. Thank you Donald. Well, I guess that's why we're taking their audience, huh? I, I guess that's why the Midas Plus doesn't know everything. 'cause we speak the truth here. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for Watching.


Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.