
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets If you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 plus and precedent in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non withable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER. The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G, pt, what do you know? All Sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and President in Virginia must be first online real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non Withable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Look, Democrats are bringing the fight now. Yesterday they were skewering these mago Republicans in public hearings and during interviews on cable news, watch this as Senator Bernie Sanders just laughs in Donald Trump's face. Basically mocks Donald Trump because Trump is trying to act like he draws bigger crowd sizes than Senator Bernie Sanders in a OC when clearly Bernie Sanders and a OC had much bigger crowd sizes than Trump. Just watch Sanders just laugh in Trump's face. Let's play it. They Hang on for little bits. They hang on for nuggets and they get crowds. They say, oh, the crowd was, our crowds are so much bigger than their crowds.


Their crowds are small. If I ever had a crowd like their biggest crowd, they'd say it's over for Trump. He's lost the magic. I think You're a little more than four years older than him. Something. If I'm right, he didn't tell. I don't, it will shock the audience. The president did not tell the truth. All right, I, I realize that will shock everybody, but that's the case. And in terms of the not that we want to get into crowd size, why would anyone wanna do that? We had twice the turnout in Warren than he had the other night. And What does that, then you have Democratic Congress member Dan Goldman who looks at his Mara Republican colleagues in Congress and he's like, do y'all have a single independent thought of your own?


Or is it just whatever Donald Trump tells you? Because you are all pathetic. You play this, this clip. I don't understand how you'll be able to look yourself in the face knowing that you voted to allow our federal government to detain and deport United States citizens simply because you do not want to vote against something that Donald Trump may support. Do you have a thought of your own? Do you have a belief of your own or is everything literally just whatever Donald Trump tells you it should be?


Then You have a Democratic Congress member Ted Liu, who says, the fact that I even have to introduce an amendment that says ice cannot deport us citizens is batt crazy here, play this clip. The fact that Democrats and my colleague, representative per jael feel the need to even introduce an amendment that says ICE cannot deport US citizens. It's batshit crazy. This should not even be a discussion is not even a question. US citizens cannot be deported by ice.


It's the law, it's the constitution. I will be astounded if Republicans vote know on this I'll back And we have Democratic Congress member Jamie Raskin mocking Donald Trump for having the lowest approval rating ever since polling has really started in presidential history. Play this clip, Mr. Chairman. You know it must be tough to be an authoritarian. You promise everybody the world to get elected prices will go down on day one. No more inflation. We're gonna end Russia's war on Ukraine. The world's gonna respect us. And then you get in and even though you inherit an economy from your predecessor that's described as the envy of the world by the Economist magazine, you crash everything.


The economy today is shrinking. The stock market is sinking, inflation is soaring. $7 trillion in American retirements and wealth has been destroyed. You've plunged us with your eiic tariffs into a trade war with the whole world, except of course for your bosom buddies in Russia. So now only a hundred days in with a hundred unforced policy blunders, you're the most unpopular president at this point in your presidency. In more than 80 years, Barack Obama stood at 69% in the polls. Ronald Reagan was at 73% in the polls. Truman was 87% and Franklin d Roosevelt 68%.


But Donald Trump is at 39% the lowest 100 day approval rating. Since polling began, he controlled the agenda for a hundred days. He controlled the house, he controlled the Senate, he's got everything going for him, and his numbers are in the gutter.


So Now I know that you know that I had some pretty bad allergies. I'd read 'em in the comments and you said, Ben, you gotta do something about it. So I did. I got Allermi. This podcast is sponsored by Allermi. Are your allergies overwhelming you like they were overwhelming me? Allermi has the first and only custom nasal spray to treat your specific symptoms as they treated mine. Standard meds don't work for everyone and specialists are hard to find accessible, affordable, and effective allergy care from allergy means you are free to do what you love to do all year long without allergies getting in the way. Don't spend another allergy season suffering. After completing a quick online consultation that's reviewed by Allergy's medical team, they will formulate your unique spray. They'll send you a custom allergy kit with a moisturizing saline spray and your custom super spray for fast relief that's tailored to you. One of my favorite parts about being an allergy patient is their app on demand Expert care is very helpful when I need it. Allie's energy kit is so easy to use, just a few sprays and I'm done. Plus they deliver it directly to me. And again, one of the things I like about it too is it's prescription strength. It's FDA approved and it means you get medication that you can trust that really works. I want to just give you our discount code. If I can. You head to Allermi dot com and you use the code Midas, you get 60% OFF your order. Once again, that's Allermi. And then you use our code Midas for 60% off and you'll get the promo code Midas. So they know I sent you A-L-L-E-R mi.com. Use the code Midas for 60% OFF your order. One more time. Allermi dot com, A-L-L-E-R-M i.com and use the code Midas


Democratic congresswoman Jasmine Crockett also talking about Donald Trump's horrific poll numbers. Let's play it Jen, Right now we're cutting jobs as it relates to the federal government right now because of the failed policies around tariffs. We know that we are looking at losing plants. They said that that was gonna bring plants. They just announced that we had two auto dealers that going to shut down approximately 40,000 jobs as they then go after NIH. We know that in the state of Alabama, the largest employer in the state of Alabama is the University of Alabama. They are looking at losing jobs because they won't have research dollars.


The only thing that they are doing is hurting us. It is the reason if we gonna talk about numbers and mandates, it is the reason that the only person in recent modern times to have the lowest approval ratings at their a hundred day mark is the same person the first time they were in. And now this time it is time for us to get serious and talk about what will grow our economy, what will bring more money in, what will make sure that people can move up from working poor to middle class and maybe even reach this higher level that so many of y'all listen to, this upper echelon, this rich level. Because that is what is supposed to set us apart in this country.


We are supposed to live in a country where everyone has an opportunity to go from rags to literally riches. And so I am asking my colleagues to start looking out for the people that elected them. And this is one way that we can do it by supporting this amendment of Ms. Lee. And with that I will yield Then Democratic Congress member Dan Goldman went on Fox, he went into enemy territory and the Fox host was so worked up over democratic leader Hakeem Jeffries saying that it's fair game to talk about Donald Trump's cognitive decline. Watch this interaction, play this clip. I can debate you on Ethan's every one of those things you just laid out, but I don't think you can call it whatever you want.


I think that's an incorrect statement, Congressman. I think words have meaning and they matter. And I think you know that I think we have to be careful with our words, especially if we're not trying to inflame the public. And most certainly if we're trying to arrive at the truth and after four years of having us gaslighted over the competency, the the mental acuity of the previous president, it's absurd to question even If you disagree, congressman, and clearly you do with much of the President the competency of the sitting president today. I think the accuracy and truth of those words do matter. Well, I don't think he's competent will. I don't know what to tell you whether his cognitive abilities are sufficient to get past the 25th Amendment. You know, we don't know that right now Congress, but I I think what is clear is that he has driven our country into a disastrous economy.


He has undermining the fundamental rule of law and democracy. He has taken away benefits in order to cut taxes for the rich. I think even you will would have to agree with me that this first a hundred days is not at all what he promised the American people. No, I'm sorry to notify you. I do not agree with you. I think this first a hundred days is exactly what he promised the American people. And more importantly, exactly what shout Out to Democratic congresswoman Becca Ballant. This is a great gr, a great part of her speech right here on the in the house play. This is what we want you to open your eyes to. If it can happen, as we've said time and time again, if it can happen to folks with green cards, it can happen to citizens.


And in Oklahoma City, we see a perfect example of that. This is what we're talking about. It's not other people, it's us. It's our neighbors, it's our friends. It's people who just move from Maryland to Oklahoma for a better life and have their house destroyed and they can't get answers. If we watch the rest of the, the news clip there, they're asking ICE, who's responsible for this? And then they're sending them to another agency and they're sending them to another agency and nobody is accountable for what happened to them. This is what my colleagues are trying to fund with this bill. Armed federal agents breaking into homes even of US citizens traumatizing them, taking their possessions.


This is Trump's America. That's why we continue to talk about due process. It's not some pie in the sky idea. It's what literally holds our country together without due process, without the belief in the constitution. We are not Americans. That's what gives us the ability to say we are an exceptional country in the world. That everyone who lives here gets due process. And we're gonna keep saying this over and over and over again for everyone who lives here.


What happened to that family? Back to Democratic Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett, let's play it. So this amendment specifically deals with issues around the consumer price index. So let's talk about the price of eggs because for whatever reason, we've yet to have a hearing on the price of eggs when that was really the one big thing. And I remember the big guy that's in the White House saying that he was gonna reduce the cost of eggs on day one. But what we see is that the national average price of eggs in March of 2025 was $6 and 23 cents. A 6% increase from the previous month, A 60% increase year to year. And USDA said egg prices could climb 41% this year.


When we start to talk about things such as our energy in March, natural gas prices increased 3.6% and electricity prices increase 9%. Fuel and oil prices increased 0.8%. Utility gas services increased 2.5%. The national average for GA for a gallon of gas is currently $3 and 17 cents. Nowhere near the dollar and 98 cents that President Trump claimed last week. I just wanna make sure we get the facts out there. And finally Then you had Democratic Congress member Cassar, let's watch what he's gotta say. Let's play it five Minutes to play his amendment.


Mr. Chairman, the Republicans on this committee just voted no on canceling Elon Musk contracts. If he violates the law and stays past 130 days. The Republicans on this committee just voted no on Mr. Frost's amendment that would require the President of the United States to follow US Supreme Court orders. At some point, we've gotta at have some shame on this committee. So my amendment, I would hope my Republican colleagues would vote for it, is that if a court or the federal government finds that Mr. Musk abused his power to enrich himself here over the last few months, then we would cancel his contracts.


If a court finds that the richest man on earth went in, used the federal books, scraped people's data, steered contracts to himself, then we should maybe stop sending him $8 million a day and save the American taxpayer $3 billion. That's the way that not just Democrats, but conservatives, progressives, independents all across the country wanna see us save some money by saying these corporate grifters that use the government to enrich themselves, they should get cut off and look, there's a house Republican majority today, but there could be a Democratic majority tomorrow, or at least in under two years. And when we are sitting on this committee, and if we get a chance to have the subpoena power and look into this and find out that Elon Musk has used his power to enrich himself, the consequences could actually be much greater than just having his contracts cut off.


Democratic governor of Kentucky, Andy Beshear went on Fox and he was just spitting facts. Let's play this Clip. I think we can always try to be more efficient. I think we can always try to be more effective, but there's a difference in trying to fix something and break something. And coming in and doing a 40% cut across the board without looking at who has the expertise about who has the leadership about what programs are being impacted, I think is is very shortsighted. I think there is a way to do this. I think presidents of both parties in the past have done it well. But this approach, I think was callous well and telling people that have served for a decade that they're being fired because of poor work performance when we know it isn't true.


Well, I mean, I don't know. You have to go case by case to make, make sure that that person was performing, you know, up to par And that they were actually doing a good job and they were actually bettering the situation for the American people. The administration and the president has said many times that he will not take away Medicaid or Medicare or social security benefits from anyone who has earned them. And that the goal is to find the waste, fraud and abuse in these programs, which we know exists. So do you, you know, do you have any problem with cutting waste and fraud and abuse from the Medicaid program? Don't you think that's a good idea? So first on, on the last question, when you see tens of thousands of letters that all have the exact same thing to hardworking federal employees and veterans, you, you know, it's an excuse and not the reason on, on Medicaid and Medicare, the way you, you root out abuse.


I know I was Attorney general, we had a Medicaid fraud unit and you look for those providers that are overbilling, that are doing wrong, that are charging for things that are never happening. Absolutely. But if what you do are just major cuts to preserve some, some tax cut that provides states significantly less money that's needed, just watch that rural hospital will close. When you look at the amount of their revenue that is covered by Medicaid, they simply can't exist without it. And rural Americans deserve to see a doctor in their own community. They shouldn't have to drive hours just to see a primary care doctor. But, But you can see specialist, see administration has said that they will not cut services from Medicaid.


That, that, that's, he said Repeatedly I what, see, is Congress looking, looking at that? And remember you can say you're not gonna cut services, but If you cut the overall amount going to states, then you make the states. So I want you to take what I just showed you and contrast it with Donald Trump surrogates who were going on cable yesterday. Like they had Howard Lutnick, Donald Trump's commerce secretary, who was, you know, whining about how Europe and Australia and all these other countries. He goes, we have the best beef and they treat our beef so poorly or we're being treated so badly here. Watch this clip. Oh, come on. Like the nonsense I have to listen to, I'm sure, right? Yeah. That these are, what they do is they take out comments from 25 years ago that they're keeping doing, our beef is excellent, our poultry is excellent, our row crops are excellent, stop treating us poorly.


And then you have Donald Trump's trade secretary has has lead trade representative Greer. And here he talks about how he hasn't even had one single conversation with his counterpart in China. There's been zero conversations with China's trade representatives, play this clip Peter's level with the president and the prime minister. But we stand ready to engage in This last thing. For the people who look at this policy and say, this is designed to put pressure on China, it's all designed to, to kind of put the squeeze on China. Is that a fair assessment? Are you trying to get China to the table in a weakened negotiating state?


Because that's the biggest adversary I think, I think that's a very Washington thing to think, look, to look at it. I, I I think it is. But you know, for, for me, we're worried about the United States of America. We have this giant trade deficit. We have offshore manufacturing. Our ag exports are way down and it's affecting normal people in the country. We want them to have jobs, we want them to have opportunities. Obviously China's a huge part of this And we want to make sure that we have fair trade with China. And they're not official talks yet, right? Not yet. Not yet. I I did speak with my counterpart before April 2nd for a long time, over an hour. It was a virtual meeting, but I thought it was constructive. Th this is not a plan just to encircle China.


It's a plan to fix the American economy, to have a greater share of manufacturing as GDP, to have real wage, real wages go up to be producing things instead of having a economy that's financed by the government. We wanna make real stuff and sell it. And it means we, we have to deal with foreign trade practices that are harmful, including in China. And so For the companies. So pick your fighter. Okay, I, I think I showed you a group of intelligent Democrats pushing back, fighting back, coming with the facts. And I think that's the fight we all, we all wanted to see. Anyway, let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thank you so much for watching you by This MEIDAS drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more all at store.


Do Midas touch.com.


What's standing between you and your first sale on Shopify time, expertise, resources. What If you could multiply all three product descriptions? Done, store insights delivered 2:00 AM customer questions handled instantly. Entrepreneurs on Shopify are reaching their first sale faster with AI that works with you. Go to Shopify dot com slash first sale to see how entrepreneurs use AI to grow their businesses faster. That's Shopify dot com slash first sale.