
Ryan Reynolds here for I guess my hundredth mint commercial. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I mean honestly. When I started this, I thought I only have to do like four of these. I mean it's unlimited to premium wireless for $15 a month. How are there still people paying two or three times that much? I'm sorry, I shouldn't be victim blaming here. Give it a try at mid mobile.com/save. Whenever you're ready. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes C. Details


Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request. An all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc license 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage. LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to lipsy ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.


Have you seen this meme right here? We didn't think he meant to us. Now, a lot of people who voted for Trump are finding out he did mean you. He did con you, and we're now seeing the GOP try to do some damage control, and they're going on the media and saying, actually, we don't think we're gonna do the tariffs. We don't think we're gonna do the bloody mass deportations. We don't think he really means that, does he? Yes, he absolutely means that. But now that the constituents of like maga, Mike Johnson or Congress Member Gonzalez from Texas are saying, wait a minute, you really doing this? They're trying to do some damage control here.


I mean the entire Trump inner circle right now is a total mess. Apparently his chief of staff, Susan Wiles, has completely lost control. Donald Trump's like making cabinet picks at his kind of whim, which is par for the course for Donald Trump when he's on his airplane or at a UFC fight. You've got just complete and utter chaos with Howard Lutnick, for example, who is trying to position himself to be the treasury secretary. We're learning this from a recent New York Times piece. Mr. Lutnick, who has been running Trump's transition operation is getting on Trump's nerves lately. Trump has privately expressed frustration that Lutnick has been hanging around him too much and that he has been manipulating the transition process towards his ends.


And you take a look, you have Elon Musk who's letting everybody know that he is a co-president. You see him with Donald Trump right there as our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski said, Trump's face says, how the hell am I going to get rid of this guy? Because he doesn't seem like he wants to go home. Also, have you seen this meme right here? This is of RFK Junior, the one hand it says, I flew on the Lolita Express with my friend Jeffrey Epstein, and all the kind of MAGA red hat wearers are like, great, that sounds absolutely amazing right here. Going through some more of these kind of inner circle MAGA people.


Let me just show you, for example, what's taking place right here. We have on the, take a look at MAGA mic right there at the UFC fight. I mean this stuff is just so utterly embarrassing. Oh, here you've got on the airplane as well. Remember, they're all like, make America healthy again. We are going to, you know, dictate what it is you can eat and not eat based on whatever RFK JR says at any given time. Then you see like RFK, Elon Musk, Don Jr. And Donald Trump eating McDonald's on the plane. By the way, you then have RFK junior with some Zinn, which is like, like nicotine dip the ingredients, artificial flavor stabilizers, binding agents, and synthetic nicotine, but no seed oil.


So I suppose it's good for you. Also, we're learning that Pete Hsif, Donald Trump's pick for Secretary of State, we talked previously about sexual assault allegations that have resurfaced. Well, we're also learning right now that he paid a woman an undisclosed amount after she accused him of sexual assault. So there's a hush money component to this as well. I mean what a complete utter disaster. New York Times also is reporting the following, Donald. Trump is planting the seeds of his own political demise with a corrupt, incompetent, and extremists. Men and women around him for these critical posts also represent direct threats to Donald Trump.


Let me show you this right here. This is Magar Republican representative Tony Gonzalez. He's a, a congress member from Texas. They define him as a Texas border rep based on where his district is located. And so, you know, of course, Donald Trump appointed Tom Holman to be the border czar who said bloody mass deportations. Donald Trump's appointed Stephen Miller to work with Holman on bloody mass deportations, which literally means knocking on people's doors doing work site raids and taking away people who have been productive and who have contributed to the American economy and ripping them away and just sending, putting 'em in cages or concentration camps and sending them away.


That's what Trump said he was going to do. That's what he said he was going to do. But now MAGA republicans are like, look, if the messages were gonna deport your abita, not not happening, that's not gonna work out well. Well, that's what they're talking about. MAGA Republican play MAGA Republican games, win MAGA Republican prizes here play this clip. Our message has to be one of positive. If we wanna hold onto these gains, if the message is we are here to deport your aita, that's not gonna work. Well, it has to be one of holding these hardened criminals. But That is, but that is the message from the Trump administration. They are doing mass deportation, pack your bags. You heard Tom Holman say that now. They have said they will deport criminals first, but they've also said everyone else, there are 11 to 13 million undocumented workers in this country.


So how does this work? How do you convince them to let people who are picking fruit stay Now, no one exactly. See it the exact same way. You know, months ago I reached out to ICE and I asked for empirical data on how many convicted criminals are in our country. The number is hundreds of thousands, Six more than 600,000. It's, It's absolutely mind boggling. So, so how do you even round them up? How do you have the manpower to even do that? That's Where we need to focus. We need to focus. I'm talking about the convicted criminal aliens that keeps all Americans safe. We need, By the way, if you're saying that Magar Republican rep, Tony Gonzalez looks familiar. Yep. He's the one who previously was on CNN and talked about how Matt Gates would pay minors pay children to have sex with him at drug parties.


Remember this, here, play this clip. Look, the house is a rough and rowdy place, but Mike Johnson is gonna be just fine. I served 20 years in the military. It's my absolute honor to be in Congress, but I served with some real scumbags. Look, Matt Gates, he paid minors to have sex with him at drug parties. Bob Good endorsed my opponent, a known neo-Nazi. These people used to walk around with white hoods at night. Now they're walking around with white hoods in the daytime. Well, now you have Matt Gaetz being appointed as Attorney General as well. So then you have Maga Mike. Johnson goes on CNN over the weekend, and he's asked about Donald Trump's tariffs, the 2500%, 3000% tariffs, which would be a tax on Americans.


I like how everyone's like, oh, let me Google, what's a tariff right now? Wait a minute. It's not a tax on China. It's a tax on American companies that import. So I'm not getting my Christmas bonus anymore. Wait a minute, I'm not, I they're not giving me the raise that they promised me, because now there's threats of tariffs. So corporations are reigning in their growth. What? Here's what Mag Mike has to say. Play this Clip another top priority for the incoming Trump administration, and across the board, 10% tariff on all imports and even larger tariffs on all imports from China. Some experts say that President elect Trump could enact the China tariffs on his own, but might need legislation for the new universal tariff.


Are you gonna bring that to the floor of the Congress in the first a hundred days? A new 10% across the board tariff on all imports? Well, just like with immigration policy, I'm not gonna put the cart before the horse. The president and I have talked about this as recently as yesterday. The the use of tariffs in the economy and how that might be done, it will be a balancing act as it always is. But he has some ideas, aggressive ideas to grow this economy again and to reduce the cost of living. And there are a number of factors that will go into that. I mean we have lots of legislation already planned and, and he has action from the White House already planned to bring down the cost of living. How by well incentivizing American companies to invest here again and to grow jobs, create more jobs for more people.


Hey, Midas Mighty with all these videos that I've been doing recently, and as I get a little bit older, it's important that I take care of my body, take care of my health, just be a little bit more intentional with the way I live. It's why I eat Mosh bars daily. Mosh was founded by Maria Shriver and her son, Patrick Schwartzenegger. Their mission was to create a conversation about brain health through food education and research. You see, Maria's father suffered from Alzheimer's, and since then, she and her son Patrick, have dedicated themselves to finding ways to help other families with this debilitating disease. So they join forces with some of the top scientists and functional nutritionists to go beyond your average protein bar with 10 delicious flavors, including three that are plant-based. Each mosh bar is made with ingredients to support brain health. Like Ashwagandha. Lions made collagen and omega threes, and now Mosh has a new look and new formulation featuring a game changing brain boosting ingredient you're not gonna find in any other bar. Mosh is now the first and only food brand boosted with Cognizant, a premium nootropic that supplies the brain with a patented form of cyto clean. I've absolutely loved the flavor of their banana bread bars, and nothing feels better than getting a nutritious energy kick while knowing it's supporting my brain health. So if you wanna find ways to give back to others and fuel your body and your brain, mosh bars are the perfect choice for you, go to mosh life.com/midas. Save 20% plus free shipping on either the best sellers trial pack or the new plant-based trial pack that's 20% off plus free shipping on either the best sellers or plant-based trial pack at M-O-S-H-L-I-F e.com/midas. Thank you Mosh. That's mosh life.com/midas. Thanks for sponsoring this episode.


And by the way, just like MAGA Republican Representative Gonzalez here, Maga Mike Johnson says, this is kind of their go-to right here. I don't really fully remember the specific promise that Donald Trump made when Trump said, it's not just deporting criminals and terrorists. The Obama policy, the Biden policy has always been you arrest and deport criminals and terrorists. That's what they did. It's actually Donald Trump who told MAGA mike previously to kill a bipartisan border deal, which would've aided in buttress the border enforcement that President Biden wanted. 'cause Donald Trump said, look, chaos is a winning issue for him.


But here, Maga Mike Johnson is acting dumb. He's playing dumb. He's dumb, but he's playing dumb. And he's like, yeah, I don't really know about getting rid of all the undocumented I I I think we're gonna keep, keep really, this is how they're trying to walk a background and listen to yourself play this clip. The promise wasn't just to get rid of criminals, it was to get rid of all of the undocumented immigrants. And one of the reasons why their presence in cities is, is controversial and why Democrats lost ground in the election in places like New York is because of the degree to which these, these migrants were sapping resources.


I can't think of a better term for it, but like they, they were caring for them was costing a lot of money and money that cities didn't have. So we're the, the promise is really to, to get rid of all of them. I'm not saying my position on it one way or the other, but it's more than just the criminals we're talking. Well, look, I'm not sure what the specific promise is. I know the president said that he wanted to engage in the largest mass deportation effort, probably in history because that is what it's called for I mean. You admitted yourself that it may be as many as 20 million undocumented persons, illegal aliens in the country, And in terms of the deep regret that we're seeing amongst these MA Republicans as well.


Here is Mark Wayne Mullen, who previously said on CNN, that Matt Gaetz would tell all of the members of Congress how he would like to crush erectile dysfunction medication before having sex with girls. That's the attorney general for you right there. Geez, attorney General right there. Well, here's Mark Wayne Mulligan saying, well, these allegations against Donald Trump's Secretary of Defense appointee, Peter Heif, well, that could sink his nominations here, play this clip Was Pete Heif. You said on Thursday you're absolutely planning to vote for him.


But since then, allegations of sexual assault in 2017 have surfaced, including that he paid the accuser as part of a non-disclosure agreement. Senator, that's according to documents obtained by the Washington Post. Mr. HEGs attorney, we wanna say denied the allegations of misconduct. He was never charged. But do you think that this matter could sink Pete HEGs confirmation It? It could, but let me tell you about Pete is, he's an individual that served 20 years in, in the service is a honorable discharge veteran who served as a, a a as a, a combat individual that walked into Afghanistan and Iraq has two bronze stars, highly decorated compact veteran that is a civilian today.


He's a major and he fits the role Defense Secretary of Defense. I think he's a good pick, but once again, as allegations come out, we'll figure out if, as as the Senate moves forward with the advising and consent to the President of the United States and doing our constitutional duties. Yeah, we'll figure out if he can get confirmed or not. And, and and I do think that Pete's a good pick for this position. And just to Follow up with you, 'cause you had said you absolutely plan to vote for him. Do you still absolutely plan to vote for him? Well, I I I do. As of right now, I start with yes. Okay, but can I be moved off of that? I, I'm, I'm sure everybody starts at some point some people start at dead. Even some people start at a yes, some people start a no.


But I started a yes and it's gonna take some, for some movement for me to move off of that. Let's talk about pre, Let me show you this one right here of Maga Mike Johnson. Do you think that the American people are ready for if the, if all whatever it is, 20 million undocumented immigrants are deported, do you think the American people are ready for not only the, the tremendous disruption in the workforce in the economy? I think it's like 5% of the workforce is undocumented, but also the fact that we're gonna be seeing images of families separated people taken outta the communities they've lived in for years. Do you think the American people are fully prepared for that? I'm not sure that's what's gonna happen, Jake. I think what the president's talking about is beginning with the dangerous persons that we know are here.


There are criminals, known criminals, there are known terrorists in the country. There are some who have been apprehended, apprehended for committing violent crimes after they come across the border illegally. So you start with that number, you got by some counts, as many as three or 4 million people that fit that category. Begin there and then see how it transpires. This will take, Okay. Now, it should also be noted that as a result of the rhetoric coming out from Donald Trump's administration as a result, for example, also have some of these posts that Elon Musk's been making lately where Elon Musk, again continues to like mock president Zelensky for asserting the sovereignty of Ukraine.


What we're seeing here is whether it's South Korea or Poland, other nations now say, look, we're not gonna get the protection of America in a Trump era, so we gotta build our nuclear arsenal. The only deterrent to Russia is if we've got nuclear weapons. So what we're going to see it appears is additional nuclear arms races, nuclear proliferation as America under Donald Trump and Elon Musk and their kind of co-presidency is diminishing the role of America. Or you can say outright betraying our allies. So think about also countries like Japan building out a nuclear arsenal.


As a result, should be noted too that President Biden, who's been a strong defender of Ukraine, has allowed Ukraine, has given the green light to strike Russia with us long range missiles. What happened was, remember when Donald Trump, we, we can't forget these things, folks. It's so important. Remember when Donald Trump said he leaked to the Washington Post last week? Remember, focus, we have to keep all this data in our minds. I know there's a lot coming our way, but remember Donald Trump said to the Washington Post that he had spoken with Zelensky and Putin, but he said he told Putin not to escalate. And what did Putin do?


Putin has escalated the unlawful invasion of Ukraine multiples since that call, and probably it's at the fiercest levels of escalation since really the early days of the war right now, after Trump said, don't escalate, it's Putin showing he's the alpha to Donald Trump right now. That's what's actually going on. Blowing up reservoirs, hitting energy facilities, hitting more and more residential facilities. I mean Putin's escalated like crazy. So Biden's finally allowed Ukraine to strike Russia with us long range missiles. Let me just show you here.


Here's what President Biden said. He's in Peru, or actually this was in Brazil, but he was at a conference in Peru with other world, world leaders. Then he was giving this press conference in Brazil. Here's what he had to say. Let's play it Back home. I signed the most significant climate change law in history, a law that positioned us to cut carbon emissions in half. By 2030, this generated $450 billion in new clean energy investments, and that's created hundreds of thousands of good paying jobs and the manufacturing boom as well. Folks, we don't have to choose between the environment and the economy.


We can do both. We've proven it back home. It's no secret that I'm leaving office in January. I will have my, I will leave my successor and my country in a strong foundation to build on if they choose to do so. It's true, some may seek to deny or delay the clean energy revolution that's underway in America, but nobody, nobody can reverse it. Nobody not when so many people, regardless of party or politics, are enjoying its benefits, not when countries around the world are harnessing the clean energy revolution to pull ahead themselves.


The question now is, which government will stand in the way and which will seize the enormous economic opportunity. Well, there you have it, folks. We'll keep you updated every step of the way. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thank you so much for watching. As I've said before, not playing Donald Trump's voice on this YouTube channel anytime soon, and I'm not going to, I don't wanna hear a sound on these videos anytime soon. Thanks for watching and subscribe. Let's get to 4 million. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.