
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it, Guaranteed or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock, save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms. Apply


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC, and its other markets. Terms and conditions apply.


How do you feel Great on vacation, like really good, easy. You go to Aruba, you'll spend your time relaxing on cool white sand beaches and floating in healing blue water. You'll immerse yourself in natural wonder and find your center on an island where things move at your speed. You won't just feel great, you'll feel relaxed, renewed, and ready for life. That's the Aruba Effect. Plan your trip@aruba.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be. Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com.


Today I wanna share with you another item that Magar Republicans are targeting for Donald Trump to cut and get rid of on day one. It is direct filing with the IRS. Yep. The IRS is new free tax filing service, otherwise known as direct file MAGA Republicans say should be eliminated right away. Why? Because it helps people. It's free. And the MAGA Republicans have been lobbied by industry tax consultants who say that this is hurting their business.


I wanna read for you a letter sent by 27 Republicans to Donald Trump. This is something that Trump will likely do, and his new IRS Commissioner MAGA Republican, Billy Long will do. But I want to show you, it's important that we discuss this in detail so you understand exactly what's going on here. So here's the news. MAGA Republicans, Adrian Smith and Chuck Edwards wrote Trump a letter today urging him to terminate the IRS's new free tax filing service, otherwise known as direct file on day one through an executive order. It's co-signed by 27 House Republicans Democratic Congress member Don Boyer says direct file is a clear success story of making government better. The IRS made a free, easy to use way to file taxes directly.


People who use it love it, but wealthy corporate donors are losing money. So Republicans are trying to kill the program and make filing taxes harder for the rest of us, not the billionaires who can have their fancy accountants. Elizabeth Warren previously wrote, shocker, the CEO of Intuit. The owner or the owner of TurboTax doesn't want you to know that they're lobbying to make your life harder. So much so that they asked a podcast to delete part of his interview. Gimme a break whether he likes it or not. The IRS is, or at that point was expanding free direct file. And the news at that time in October was a corporate public relations firm for TurboTax.


Berated a journalist for asking a tough but fair question about the company's lobbying against free online tax filing, and then demanded that the outlet delete that part of the podcast. I just wanna show you this letter from the MAGA Republicans. 'cause this highlights yet another example of where Democrats have worked to make government work for we the people, whereas Democrats are focusing on what can be delivered for the rest of us. The MAGA Republicans are saying that's what needs to be targeted. I've done lots of other videos, of course, on MAGA Republicans attacking social security, attacking Medicare, attacking veterans benefits, right?


That's the first thing that MAGA Republicans do when they get into power. The first thing Trump wants to do when he gets in power is attack vulnerable people attack their services that they've paid into and attack service services that help them while giving tax cuts to billionaires who then inflate their net worth by hundreds of billions of dollars, quite literally hundreds of billions of dollars. Let's take a look at this letter. This is from Adrian Smith and the MAGA Republicans to Donald Trump. Dear Trump, we write to urge you to take immediate action, including but not limited to a day one executive order to end the Internal Revenue Services unauthorized and wasteful direct file pilot program.


The program's creation and ongoing expansion pose a threat to taxpayers freedom from government overreach and its rollout and structural flaws have already come at a steep price pause there. I wanted to read you this letter. So you see the language that they use. Free filing for people is a threat and attack of government overreach. I just want you to see how these spoil entitled oligarchical proxies behave and the language they use to screw us to screw you.


Let's take a look at it. As you know, during the last tax year, the IRS rolled out its direct file pilot program in 12 states through which taxpayer taxpayers file their taxes directly to the IRS instead of through trusted accountants or reputable third party preparation services under the guise of offering a convenient, free to file alternative preparation service, the IRS itself as the tax asserts itself, as the tax assessor, collector, preparer, and enforcer all in one when the program is used. So use this just rhetorical threats and fear mongering.


Oh, the IRS now itself is acting as the preparer and the enforcer. It's just a free online system to make government work. Why are they doing this? The Magna Republicans want to destroy the IRS. They want to gut the resources 'cause they don't want wealthy people to be audited. They wanna reduce the taxes system that wealthy people get away with everything. That's what they're trying to do here. They want to destroy the IRS destroy people's confidence in the IRS get people pissed off at it because under President Biden, the priorities have been to focus on stopping billionaire and deck a millionaire tax sheets. It goes on to say this is deeply concerning and a clear conflict of interest.


The IRS has little incentive to ensure hardworking Americans do not pay more than they owe in taxes, and may instead benefit from families and small businesses paying greater amounts than they are required by law. Furthermore, it is highly inappropriate for the IRS to serve as a tax preparer for tax payers while also being the final enforcer of tax violations. And then it goes on to say, under the Biden administration, the IRS has undertaken an aggressive expansion of its influence of the IRS fueled by the exorbitant $80 billion provided by the Inflation Reduction Act, in which it has repeatedly overstepped its authority and targeted hardworking Americans with an increasing number of audits.


You see what they're doing there? They're using hardworking Americans and using that as a proxy for what's really happening. No one's being targeted. It's trying to ensure that billionaires pay their fair share. So MAGA Republic, I can go on and read the letter, but you understand MAGA republicans are totally cool with a billionaire's net worth going up 10, 15, a hundred times and having people worth 10 billion now be worth a hundred billion, then 300 billion and then, and then so on. That's cool. But in including enforcement mechanisms so that our government can be adequately funded. Oh, the MAGA Republicans use all of this language.


Look at all these signatures here. You see how they are behaving. I just wanna show you right here. This is Daniel Wiffle. He's the IRS Commissioner now appointed by President Biden. I wanna show you the contrast here. Here's the video he made when he rolled out this free filing system. This guy, by the way, this guy went to my high school. Apparently I didn't realize the background on Daniel Wiffle, but he's like, look, we're giving people the This is gonna help people. You're not gonna have to pay these expensive exorbitant costs. We're giving you the tools for free here. Play this clip. Hi, I'm Danny Wurfel. I'm the IRS Commissioner. Now, the entire IRS team is really excited because for the first time ever, 19 million taxpayers across 12 states can file their taxes online for free direct with the IRS through our new IRS direct file program.


Direct file is available in English, it's available in Spanish, it's free. It's also simple, accurate, and secure. The direct file program will walk you through filing your return step by step, making sure that you get the credits, the deductions, and the refunds that you're entitled to. Now, If you need to take a break, you can securely sign back on to direct file and finish your taxes anytime before the April deadline. And there's more. We have customer service reps standing by to help on text. So we have a live text feature. So if you're on direct file and you have any questions as you're walking through your taxes, just text a live assistor right there and we'll have give you real time help with the new direct file tool.


So to learn more to see if you're eligible, be a part of our pilot in the first year, go to irs.gov, you'll see the link to direct file, or you can search direct file on any search engine. And let me close by thanking all taxpayers for doing their civic duty and filing your taxes each year. And that's what MAGA Republicans attack. By the way, IRS Commissioner W's term expires in about three years, 2027. But Donald Trump is gonna try to fire him. Wurfel says, I'm not leaving. Trump's gonna try to fire him and bring in MAGA Republican Congress member Billy Long


Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. And on the app, it lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives you tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and even stress management. That's why I love it. All you have to do is you breathe into your Lumen first thing in the morning and you'll know what's going on in your metabolism. Whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs. Then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for that day based on your measurements. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals so you know exactly what's going on in your body in real time. And Lumen will give you tips to keep you on top of your health game. Your metabolism is your body's engine. It's how your body turns the food you eat into fuel that keeps you going because your metabolism is at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to a bunch of benefits I includes, including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, better sleep, et cetera. Lumen gives you recommendations to improve your metabolic health. It can also track your cycle as well as the onset of menopause, and adjust your recommendations to keep your metabolism healthy through hormonal shifts so you can keep up your energy and stave off cravings. Look, I love Lumen and I know you will too. So If you want to take the next step in improving your health, go to Lumen, LUEN me slash Midas to get 15% off your Lumen. That is LUEN. Do me slash Midas for 15% off your purchase. One more time. Go to lumen.me/midas, L-U-M-E-N, dot me slash Midas and get 15% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Let's take a look at Billy Longs Twitter or X description of himself. It says he's a US Congress member from 2011 to 2023. He's a certified tax business advisor. DM me to save 40% on your taxes. Oh, wait a minute. Is Billy Long? Someone who runs a company that helps people prepare their taxes, who is actually hurt by a free tax filing system? Ah, maybe that's the conflict of interest right there. Maybe that's the conflict of interest. By the way, this is a video. When Billy Long went into Congress, this is his whole shtick.


One of the things that Billy Long did, in addition to you can DM him, apparently he believes he'll save you 40% on your taxes If you DM him. Could you? How embarrassing. That's the guy they put as the guy advertising services like that on Twitter or ex. How you freaking humiliating. Here he is in 2011, his shtick is, he was an auctioneer. He ran an auction house. And so we'd always be like $1, $2, 3, 4, 5, $5. This, this is him right here, Billy Long in 2011 doing that with the national debt. Play this clip. We are one of the few people that can actually keep up with a national debt. I'm gonna tell you two, 2 trillion now three, able to buy 'em. 3 trillion now four, $4 trillion. Five 5 trillion, 6,000, 6,000,000,000,007.


Able to buy 7,000,000,000,008, $8 trillion. Now nine, nine today, 10 10, 10 11, 11 trillion down here at 12, 12 20 13. You gonna buy em? You're out up here. 13,000,000,000,014, 14 trillion. Now 15. I have sold at 14 trillion. Thankfully, Mr. Speaker, we also can say those numbers backwards. So when we get the spending under control here, I'll be back. Okay, Billy Long and okay, all of you MAGA debt talks. It's just so fascinating that you talk about things like that when it benefits you. But when Donald Trump adds $8 trillion to our national debt, more than anybody before, a third of all of our debt right now in our country comes from Donald Trump tax cuts.


He couldn't pay for recklessly printing money. The PPP program, where by the way, they forgave the loans to their rich friends, those loans were forgiven. Not student debt loans, but PPP loans to all of the member Republican members of Congress who took out millions of dollars. And all of Trump's friends and cronies who got millions in PPP, that debt, of course that could be forgiven. You're rich, you get your debt forgiven when it comes to regular people. You don't get your debt forgiven. Just be clear what's happening here. I want you to direct your anger at the right places, not the wrong places. 'cause they're gonna distract you with their culture wars. Blame the trans people, blame the migrants, blame the communist and the Marxist.


Deep state cabal Soros. Wha wha No, be clear where this is coming from. Trump added over $8 trillion in debt. I don't hear 'em going, they, they told you do $5 trillion five seven 6 trillion. I wouldn't be a great auctioner, let's be clear. But by the way, based on Trump's new policies, economists and the congressional budget office estimated on the high end, Trump will add another $15 trillion in debt. And the, and the medium. Trump will do 7 trillion on the low end. Trump will add $1.65 trillion to our national debt. Why do I think that he'll add more than the high predict, the high projection or prediction?


I think Trump will probably add about what, what's your guess? $20 trillion in debt. $25 trillion in debt. Do you think you'll hear a peep from mags? Do you think they'll be sending letters about the threats and attacks and all of that? By the way, just take a chart, take a look at this chart here where Trump added more debt than anybody before. Let, let me just leave this here with you. This is President Biden speaking February 5th, 2022, about what his vision of a fair tax code is. And to be clear, this is why all of the corporate media, which is owned by billionaires, attacked Biden. Because Biden was saying, look, I want a tax plan that taxes the rich fairly, that they get taxed fairly, and that everybody else is also taxed fairly.


But billionaires can't escape their taxes. Listen to this play, this clip. We're still gonna work on gas prices. We're still gonna work on the food prices, but in the meantime, we can deliver that peace of, we can deliver that peace of mind to the American people and give 'em a little breathing room. And by the way, proposals that I have out there, nobody earning less than $400,000 a year would pay a single additional penny in taxes, not a single penny. And a lot of companies I've spoken to are willing to pay a little more in their corporate taxes and their personal taxes to see that happen. You've heard me say it a hundred times.


You got 55 companies in the Fortune 500 companies that paid zero tax the last couple years, and they made over $400 billion. Look, we can do this without increasing the deficit. Actually, we've reduced the deficit over 300 billion in 17. Nobel larges in economics came to me several months ago to say that this plan would not only not raise inflation, it would ease long-term inflationary pressures. Well, there you have it folks. Let me know what you think. I thought it was important there that I read you the letter, not just describe it. 'cause I want you to hear the language that these mags are using. Thanks for watching.


Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Appreciate you, love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter. Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads.


Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.