
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed Or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock, Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply


When you check out at the pharmacy. You see the journey from Idea to Medicine thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at PhRMA dot org slash ip. Works wonders


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year's. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage LLC in its other markets. Terms and conditions apply.


Stay warm this season with area jackets and vest available now at Cavenders area. It's built for every adventure with cozy, warmth and rugged durability. Shop the latest selection of styles from men, women, and kids at your local Cavenders or on cavenders.com


Maga Mike Johnson Getting more terrible news. I mean, the dude can't even pass a freaking budget. The most basic fun function of Congress and now he's getting attacked from within a day after. By the way, another magar Republican from Indiana, Victoria Spars says she's out. She's not caucusing with Republicans. She doesn't want to be on committees. She may not even vote with Republicans. So does Mag Mike even have a majority at all? Could we be ushering in soon somehow? Majority leader Hakeem Jeffries, still doubtful, but Mag Mike needs Hakeem Jeff desperately here.


Otherwise the government would be shut down. Mag Mike's being attacked from within other mags. MAGA Republican, Andy Biggs posted on December 16th. He goes, government funding expires Friday. We're now expecting to vote on a 1500 page short term omnibus on Wednesday. We still don't have the text of the bill. The DC cartel loves to operate in the shadows. The swamp is deep and must be drained. The deep you, you, you control the majority bigs, or who's the cartel is MAGA mike, the cartel y.


Y'all literally run the government and you're soon to run. Unfortunately, all three branches, yet all y'all do is whine that. It's the Democrats. It just to me, goes back to two when they were like, oh, the the Democrat deep state on January 6th. Trump was in power. It was his FBI director who was a Republican. But you have Andy Bigs now attacking maga Mike Johnson right there. And so now you get headlines like this because by Friday there would be a government shutdown. A government shutdown would usher in probably a depression.


And because MAGA Mike can't pass an actual budget, they do this with what's called stop gap measures to basically stop the bleeding versus actually function and do their jobs because they can't form a coalition to actually govern. So Congress is scrambling for a stop gap sprint. Why? Just do your job the right way. And by the way, what is it like 75, 80% of Americans don't approve of the work of Congress yet because of gerrymandering, elect the party that they hate back into power. Make that make sense. Gerrymandering here is Melanie Zonis, post Johnson's Mike Mag.


Mike says at the presser, they are almost there on a continuing resolution deal. We'll go until mid-March said initially it was intended to be a clean stop gap, but said other events intervened such as hurricanes, struggles in farm community, et cetera. So we had to add that. So it's no longer a clean continuing resolution. And now they just pushed the goalposts a few more months until March. And can I ask an honest question here? I mean, this is a question for Hakeem Jeffries and the Democrats. Look, I definitely understand. I hate the, I don't like the F around. Find out stuff where we, the people suffer, friends, family suffer, community members suffer.


But Democrats have bailed Republicans out over and over again on these continuing resolutions. Why? Why? Just, they're in charge. They have all the branches of the government. Why don't you just show the I? Why help them. They didn't help you. They stopped a bipartisan immigration bill and then ran on immigration when y'all were trying to solve the problem. So why help them when they already are saying they want to inflict economic hardship on the people? Shouldn't we just expose them? Am am I being petty for asking that question? I don't know. You could tell me in the comments right there.


This is what Politico is reporting. Congress strikes a deal on 100 billion in disaster aid and punting funding until March. They're punting the funding until March. Do just do your freaking jobs. Just solve it. Pass a budget. What? What are you even doing all day? Like what do you do with your day in Congress? And the ultimate irony here, right, is that the MAGA Republicans attack federal workers. We wanna slash these jobs. We want to get rid of these jobs. We're gonna you. You don't do your own job. Have you ever looked at a congressional calendar before? Like these people don't really work. What do they work like? Like half the year if that a quarter of the year, maybe you work, maybe all of you who mock people who work from home but are actually working, I don't know, maybe all work from home and you could go through like an Excel spreadsheet or whatever you gotta do, do a zoom meeting and perhaps you can, I don't know, pass a budget.


But instead you'll probably go with your cowboy hats to the border and say, look what we're doing here. Look how tough we are. Versus actually doing your damn job. That's why I like that Congress member Robert Garcia out here from California. He talks about this exactly. He's like, so you wanna bring in a conspiracy theorist, RFK Jr. Who's gonna cut jobs at the National Institute of Health? Just think about it. Cut. Cut health cut jobs that help people's health while the Republican members of Congress can't even get a budget here, watch this. I rise today to call our all colleagues in the Senate to reject Donald Trump's nomination of RFK Junior as Secretary of Health and Human Services.


Now, RFK has proven himself for decades to be a conspiracy theorist and we cannot allow the critical work by the HHS and the doctors, the medical professionals there to be undermined by someone with his record. Now, for those not familiar RFK, junior first has no scientific or medical credentials. Instead, he spent his career fueling anti-vaccine movements around the world, including one in Samoa that contributed to a measles outbreak that killed dozens of people and made almost 6,000 sick. Most of them children and infants. Now RFK Jr has falsely claimed that vaccines cause autism and suggested that Covid health measures were worse than the Holocaust.


He's also pedaled in conspiracy theories that chemicals in water are making children transgender and gay. Now this is someone who has threatened to gut the National Institutes of Health, the federal agency responsible for medical and public health research. Now they, along with the rest of HHS, do vital nonpartisan work that impacts every American in every community. From pandemic preparedness to cancer research, to resources for mental health and substance abuse. There are real lives at stake. We just went through a pandemic that cost the lives of 1.3 million Americans, the single largest loss of life event in the modern era in our country and around the world.


And we cannot allow at this moment to hand over the keys of public health to an extreme and unqualified and dangerous nominee. The Senate must reject RFK Jr for HHS.


Alright, what kind of night? Is it a single, double, triple, or a quad? I'm not talking about alcohol 'cause I don't drink. I'm talking about souls out of office. Microdosed, THC gummies. Just learn you can buy hemp derived THE products legally anywhere in the US through our next partner, Saul. Pretty cool stuff. This podcast is sponsored by Saul Saul's new out of office gummies are perfectly micro dosed with hemp derived THC and CBD to give any day that chill on the beach vibe. I had it recently and let me just say pretty, pretty good. Did you know you can now buy hemp derived THC products in all 50 states? Because the 2018 Farm Bill hemp derived THC is now legal. It's accessible. You gotta get the good stuff. Those out of office gummies help you get that much needed me time at the end of the day or during the day. They're convenient and they are delicious. So that's why I like it. Chills me out, makes me feel relaxed. I feel good doing my hot takes the next morning. It's good stuff. It was founded five years ago by a brother and sister, family crew, Mike and Angie Lee. Mike's a former world ranked professional boxer. Angie's an author and professional speaker, had the desire to create natural alternatives. We like that here. Natural alternatives to medication that can tackle the problems that they were dealing with extensively. And thus you've got soul. I love that. It's a family business. So this holiday season, give the gift of Soul Head to get soul.com, G-E-T-S-O-U l.com. Use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for 30% off your order. That's 30% off your order using Code Midas one last time. Go to get sold.com and use that code Midas for 30% off.


And let me show you this right here. This is Senator Bernie Sanders. This is from this weekend talking about MAGA Republicans trying to hoist up an oligarchy here, play this clip. As President Trump comes into office. We have gotta understand Kristin, and this is something I feel very strongly about and it's not talked about enough. We are moving rapidly into an oligarchic form of society. Never before in American history have so few billionaires, so few people have so much wealth and so much power. Never before has there been so much concentration of ownership sector after sector power of Wall Street and never before in American history. And we better talk about this. Have the people on top had so much political power.


We can't go around the world say, oh well, you know, in Russia, Putin now is an oligarchy. Well, we got an oligarchy here too. And in this last election, in both parties, billionaires spent huge amounts of money to elect their candidates. You know, here in the state of Vermont, we believe we have town meetings, one person, one vote. That's democracy, not billionaires buying elections. Those are the issues we gotta focus on. We gotta rebuild the middle class. 60% of our people. And one more clip here of Bernie Sanders. Let's play It. You know when Trump talks about sending to jail people who on that January 6th committee, that sounds like being a tinpot dictator. So I would hope that we have an FBI and a justice department that protects the civil liberties of the American people and does its best to protect American democracy.


Well, we know the White House is considering potential preemptive pardons of those who've clashed with President-elect Trump. In light of what the president-elect said to me that yes, he does think that members of the January 6th committee should go to jail. Do you think that Mr. Biden should issue preemptive pardons for the entire January 6th committee? Well, I think he might wanna consider that very seriously. Look, that is an outrageous statement. This is what authoritarianism is all about. It's what dictatorship is all about. You do not arrest elected officials who disagree with you, who undertake and Mag Mike, why help this guy do your why?


Help 'em in March. I mean, I mean it. Why bail 'em out? Democrats have bailed them out over and over again. Let 'em sit in their own stew of dysfunction disorder and denial. I dunno. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.