
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


The Civil War inside the MAGA Republicans in the House of Representatives continues. Donald Trump ordered MAGA Mike Johnson to fire the chair of the House Intelligence Committee, Mike Turner. Mike Turner was a fierce opponent of Vladimir Putin and Russia, and a big supporter and proponent of Ukraine. Mike Turner also spoke his mind about the Russian propaganda that infected many of the Magar Republicans. So he has been fired from his position. He's been a member of Congress since 2003.


Ohio's third congressional district became Ohio's 10th Congressional District in the Dayton area. That's his congressional district. CNN was the four, was the first to report it along with Punch Bowl rather. And here's what we learned. House Speaker Mike Johnson is removing house GOP, representative Mike Turner as the chair of the House Intelligence Committee. A source familiar with the matter told CNN Mannu Raju explained Jim Himes top Democrat, the ranking member on the House Intel Committee just told a group of us that removing Turner, quote, sends a shiver down my spine, and that he is enormous, enormously concerned.


Said Turner isn't the kind of guy who is quick to quote, bend the knee to Trump, and kept his eye on the prize of oversight and trying to protect our country from Russian propaganda. That's why Donald Trump ordered Maga Mike to get rid of Mike Turner. Again, someone who's had a very successful career, someone who's very qualified, someone who didn't bend the knee, although, you know, he spoke in favor of Donald Trump. If you watched him before, you would see that he would still say things that are favorable to Donald Trump because he had to, but generally viewed as someone who was at least competent and qualified.


So a bad sign that he is gone. We'll see who replaces him. As Melanie Zona says, Trump was a big factor here. What we're actually hearing was Trump was the factor. People in Trump's orbit thought Turner was too close to the intelligence agencies and others didn't like how Turner was handling a lot of issues, including the fact that Turner was pro Ukraine and pro nato. Norman Ornstein says, I will reserve judgment on Mike Johnson and the Intelligence Committee until we see who he picks for its chair. But I can say now that no one is more happy by this than Vladimir Putin, because Turner on the Intelligence Committee was a check against Putin.


So Donald Trump doing Putin's bidding right here. Margaret Brennan reports the following. I spoke with House Intel chair Mike Turner, who told me that Speaker Johnson fired him as chair of the committee, overseeing the intelligence community. Johnson cited quote, concerns from Mar-a-Lago as justification for firing Mike Turner from being the chair of the Intelligence Committee. Representative Jim Himes tells CBS that it sent a shiver down his spine, which I just read as Andrew DeRio writes. Wild Turner is one of the biggest Ukraine supporters among Republicans on the hill, and is also very involved with nato, much more hawkish than Trump aligned.


Ours would like hawkish, meaning he believes that Russia should not invade a sovereign country of Ukraine the way Donald Trump is threatening Greenland and Panama and saying he wants to annex Canada. Let me show you this from last year where Mike Turner went on CNN and basically said that some of his house GOP colleagues had become useful idiots for Putin and Ukraine. Let's play it. Let's Turn to Ukraine. An issue that's important to you and your fellow Republican chairman, Michael McCall, who runs the Foreign Affairs Committee. Congressman McCall made a comment this week about what he says sounds like Russian propaganda from, from some conservative media, and why it's so difficult to explain to Republican voters why supporting Ukraine is important.


He told Julia Yaffe quote, I think Russian propaganda has made its way into the United States, unfortunately, and it's infected a good chunk of my party's base. He singled out primetime shows on conservative channels. Do you agree with him? And, and how big is this problem? Oh, it, it is absolutely true. We see directly coming from Russia attempts to mask communications that are anti Ukraine and pro-Russia messages, some of which we even hear being uttered on the house floor. I mean, there are members of Congress today who still incorrectly say that this conflict between Russia and Ukraine is over nato, which of course it is not. Vladimir Putin having made it very clear both publicly and to his own population, that his, his view is that this is a conflict of, of a much broader claim of Russia to Eastern Europe and including claiming all of Ukraine territory as, as Russia's.


Now, to the extent that this propaganda takes hold, it makes it more difficult for us to really see this as an authoritarian versus democracy battle, which is what it is. President Xi of China, Vladimir Putin himself, have identified as such, we need to stand up for democracy. We need to make certain that, that we know that authoritarian regimes never stop when they, when they start an aggression. Ukraine needs our help and assistance now, and this is a very critical time for the US Congress to step up and provide that aid. Now, here is Mike Turner talking about Tulsi Gabbard, that he does not think that she was someone who should be appointed to a significant cabinet position.


Certainly not the Director of National Intelligence, but he goes on to say that he trusts the Senate process. Watch this, Donald Trump has chosen Tulsi Gabbard, the former congresswoman, a former Democrat, now Republican, to be the director of National Intelligence overseeing 18 intelligence agencies. She not only went and met with Assad, she publicly doubted high confidence assessments by US intelligence that he did what we showed you pictures of him doing using chemical weapons there. Do you trust that she could actually represent the intelligence community, lead it and be trusted to brief the commander in chief? Well, I obviously differ in a, in a great deal in a number of areas with both her judgment and, and her, her background and experience.


But what I do trust is the, you're smiling is the Senate, is the Senate process, and I think the, the Senators are going to put her through a process. She has been nominated, she will go through the process, and I think there'll be, you know, significant debate in evaluation. I think you don't think that Donald Trump has put together in his last term, and I think he will in this term, a great national security team. I think, you know, CI Director Radcliffe, I think you know, Mike Waltz as National Security Director, are both great examples of people who are gonna be foundational. I think you're gonna see a great national security Team. Well, this is a community that you also have oversight of. So you may not vet vote in the Senate, but it sounds like she doesn't have your confidence.


Muscles Are vital for movement and play a key role in supporting the vascular system. The calves often called the second heart, help pump blood against gravity, aiding circulation throughout the body. By using a standing desk and incorporating movement accessories, you are more likely to engage these muscles, promoting improved blood flow and overall health. If you work in front of a desk like I do, you've probably experienced the frustration of sitting for long periods. I seriously thought this would be a lasting problem until I discovered this episode. Sponsor Uplift Desk. Uplift Desk is at the forefront of ergonomic solutions, promoting better posture and health through adjustable standing desks designed to help you live a healthier lifestyle. Plus they offer amazing accessories to keep you moving throughout the day. My personal favorite, the Under the Desk treadmill, which I have right here, it's a game changer for staying active while I work, standing while I work, gives me more room to move, which gets my creative juices flowing and helps me stay productive. I'm more focused and I'm more alert, and I'm noticed I have so much more energy throughout the day. The best part, Uplift Desk lets you customize your desk with more than 200,000 configurations to suit your style and needs. Their desk configurator helps you build a complete workstation, including storage, seating, and even wire management. Make this year yours by going to Uplift Desk dot com slash midas and using our code Midas, that's M-E-I-D-A-S to get four free accessories free, same day shipping, free returns, and industry leading 15 year warranty, covering your entire desk and an extra discount off your entire order. That's U-P-L-I-F-T-D-E-S k.com/m EI ds for a special offer only available at our link. Start 2025. Right, stand, move, thrive with Uplift Desk.


And here's the thing though, with people like Mike Turner, you'll see in this clip as well how he tried to appease Donald Trump. He tried to hold back his criticisms, and ultimately that always comes back to burn you. If you don't forcefully stand for something, you'll lose everything in Trump's orbit. You, you can't be in the middle ground. You can't think you're gonna appease the guy, honestly. You just either, you gotta, you gotta leave Congress if you're not gonna fight the guy or stand up to him, or you know, if you're a full fledged cult member, you bend and kiss the ring, which is utterly despicable. And I think completely the opposite of what our Constitution calls for, for a co-equal branch of government.


But here's Mike Turner. This is April 14th, 2024. Let's play it. As you know, Donald Trump has been on the sideline saying he doesn't wanna see that aid go to Ukraine unless it's in the form of a loan. But just very quickly, do you expect it to get a vote this week, Congressman? I do. And I expect it to pass. And by the way, Donald Trump had said on the humanitarian, the other, the support to the Ukrainian government on the weapons, the military support, everyone has been very much on this side of understanding that we're at a critical point. Russia's beginning to gain ground. Ukraine is beginning to lose the ability to defend itself. The United States must step up and provide the Ukraine the weapons that they need.


And I think we're gonna see overwhelming support for that in the house this week. So again, Vladimir Putin clearly celebrating this, Donald Trump making a move directly helpful to Putin against NATO's interest. And look, I, I'm no Mike Turner fan, but he's at least the guy you'd want to chair that committee if you had to pick somebody. And now MAGA Mike Johnson fired him because the entire co-equal branch of government, the House of Representatives, they just would literally, whatever Donald Trump says MAGA Mike does, because otherwise MAGA Mike gets removed because he doesn't stand up. So basically, none of these MAGA Republicans in the house have any power.


They just do what Trump says. Well, just keeping you updated every step of the way. Hit subscribe, and let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.