
When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders.


Ryan Reynolds here for I guess my hundredth mint commercial. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You honestly, when I started this, I thought I only have to do like four of these. I mean, it's unlimited to premium wireless for $15 a month. How are there still people paying two or three times that much? I'm sorry, I shouldn't be victim blaming here. Give it a try at mid mobile.com/save. Whenever you're ready. $45 Upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only. Taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes C details.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon. The holidays are here. And you know what that means? It's time to get your friends and family the gifts they deserve. Take the stress out of shopping with Amazon's great deals and low prices on a huge range of items, from toys to tech and much more. Whoever you're gifting for, Amazon has great prices on everything you need This holiday season. Shop Amazon for all your gifting needs.


I'm James McComb reporting live from home in my bathrobe and slippers tonight, we're talking Dunkin Polar, peppermint coffee jean's here with the latest Jean. Do you copy The home with Dunkin is where you wanna be. Time to


move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC. In its other markets, terms and conditions apply


Game set match. That's a ball game folks. Democratic candidate from California's 13th congressional district. Adam Gray is officially declaring victory in his race against the Magar Republican incumbent. John Duarte. California's 13th congressional district is in the Inland Empire in California. This means it is official. California has flipped three magar Republican seats, two Democrats. What this means, folks, is that the final house composition is going to be 220 Republicans to 215 Democrats.


But because of all of Donald Trump's cabinet picks, including those accused of child sex trafficking, and I'm talking about Matt Gaetz, by the way, can we release that ethics report as soon as this new Congress begins? It will actually only be about two 17 to two 15, maybe even two 16 to two 15, meaning that MAGA Mike Johnson is gonna have a lot of trouble getting rules passed, getting legislation through, or getting anything done at all. Remember how chaotic it previously was when MAGA Mike Johnson had a small but significantly bigger advantage in the House of Representatives And folks, this comes as a big shock for MAGA Mike Johnson.


He was previously telling Donald Trump, stop appointing these House Republicans to the cabinet. You're killing me here, Donald, is what he was saying. One of my theories, although I don't want to get conspiratorial though, but I'll say this, is that Donald Trump realizes that if he doesn't have opposition in the house, then he'll, he's gonna get blamed for all of the screw up. So he wants to find a way to try to blame people for something. So he doesn't care that it's chaotic. But I won't, I won't go down that rabbit hole. I, I think for, I think for now it's important to note that this is, these were three big flips and now it is official.


As our friend Lakia Jane from Split Ticket says, this springs an end to the 2024 cycle. For now, unless a recount reveals an error in the tabulation, we don't expect there to be an error in the tabulation from the recount as the final component to our coverage of the cycle, we'll have our split ticket model postmortem release this week with statistical evaluations of performance. Now that it's done, Adam Gray put out the following statement. I'm honored to become the Congressman elect for California's 13th Congressional District. Let's go. The final results confirm.


This district is ready for independent and accountable leadership That always puts the valleys people ahead of partisan politics. But the work has just begun in Washington. I'll work every day to deliver the resources that the valley needs, clean water, better educational opportunities, stronger infrastructure, and more good paying jobs. And you can count on me to build bipartisan relationships to accomplish these goals. I am deeply grateful to all those who volunteered their time chipped in to help our campaign, or took a moment out of their busy day to learn about our race. And I am especially thankful for my campaign team, my friends, and my family.


Now let's get to work folks. We're talking about a lead in votes of about 187 votes. It's why all votes matter. It's why we always tell people Here, get out and vote. One hundred and seven eighty seven votes separated The winner here from the Loser. And by the way, as I read that statement from Adam Gray, could you ever imagine a MAGA Republican putting together a statement like that that talks about these things, clean water? Have you ever heard a MAGA Republican talk about clean water, better educational opportunities?


All I hear about them is throw is is the MAGA Republicans wanting to burn books Stronger infrastructure? Yeah, the Infrastructure Act by President Biden and more good paying jobs, jobs, jobs, jobs. Macro Republican statements are always like, we're going after the deep state. And Donald Trump's the greatest. And you know, and and just like their cult worship of Donald Trump, we need to get back to talking about, And I know Democrats are doing it, but they gotta just message this consistently. Hit it over and over and over again. Jobs, jobs, jobs, infrastructure, infrastructure, infrastructure, healthcare, healthcare, healthcare. Get the message out. Speak plainly and directly to the American people.


And I wrote an article about this on midas plus.com. You can check it out. M-E-I-D-A-S-P-L-U s.com, midas plus.com. Stop letting MAGA take credit for your accomplishments. It, it's baffling to me. The infrastructure act that President Biden got through the Inflation Reduction Act, the PACT Act, the CHIPS Act. President Biden delivered these things for the people who ended up not VO voting for Democrats, but Biden, I think recognized that this group of people felt screwed because they are getting screwed, but they were not getting screwed by the Democrats. They're getting screwed by the MAGA Republicans and the billionaire oligarchy, starting with the Reagan policies.


That's who's screwing these people. When all of this wealth is amassed by the 0.01%, how do you think you're getting screwed? They're getting screwed because of them. And they get corporate welfare. They get all the handouts in the world. And then every time we hear about raising the minimum wage to a living wage, we're told that's horrible for business. Businesses are gonna crash. Okay, I understand. I could have a reasonable debate and discussion with you, but you never hear the concomitant argument about when the CEO's pay package goes to 30 million, 50 million, a hundred million, a billion dollars.


No one's like, oh my God, that's gonna screw up the way. The business never done that way at all. I digress, fellas.


Ladies, the search is over. If you're still scrambling for the perfect holiday gift, let me save you some time. Hexclad, it's the gift your significant other will absolutely love. But let's be real. It's also a gift for you. With Hexclad, it's non-stick and stainless steel hybrid technology. Not only will your meals taste better, but cleanup will be a breeze. Seriously, don't blow it again this year with the same old gifts. Say, I love you with the gift of Hexclad, even though what you're really thinking is I'll never have to deal with burnt on food again. And here's the kicker. Hexclad has a lifetime warranty. These are literally the last pots and pans you will ever have to buy. Let me tell you about my experience. I got my hands on Hexclad six piece set, the perfect starter bundle. It's everything you need to handle holiday cooking like a pro, whether it's sauteing vegetables, searing a steak, or whipping up your perfect sauce. These pans deliver perfection every time and clean up total game changer. No more scrubbing or soaking. It's so easy. It almost feels like cheating. Yesterday morning, I made the most amazing french toast in my Hexclad. Then at night, I cooked up my homemade penny olive vodka. It has upped my cooking game to new heights and has made my friends quite jealous every time they come over. Hexclad combines the performance of stainless steel, the durability of cast iron and the convenience of non-stick all in one pan, their metal utensil safe, dishwasher safe oven safe, up to 500 degrees induction ready, and even have a stay cool handle. It's like they have thought of everything. Whether you're treating yourself or looking out for that perfect gift, now is the time to snag the cookware that everyone is talking about. For a limited time only our listeners can shop Hex Clads biggest sale of the year for up to 42% off with our exclusive link. Just head to Hexclad dot com slash midas to unlock their best deals of the year. Support our show and check them out at H-E-X-C-A d.com/midas. M-E-I-D-A-S, Bon Appetit. Let's eat with Hexclad revolutionary cookware. Happy cooking and happy holidays.


Robert Garcia, friend at the Midas Touch Network Congress member Garcia goes, congrats to Congressman Adam Gray. That's three California flips and one battleground hauled. Well done. And we need people who talk about those issues. Unlike maga, Mike Johnson, who is, he's up there with, sorry for the demonstration. He's up there with the, with the, with the mirror, looking up at people in the bathroom stalls saying, we're, we're just making sure there are no weirdos in the woman's bathrooms. They're focusing on genitals and penises and vaginas. Although what, what are they doing? These MAGA Republicans, what are they doing? I said, there were three flips. The other big flip Democrat Derek Tran declaring victory in California's 45th US House District three weeks after the election.


I reported on that last week. He beat the MAGA Republican incumbent representative Michelle Steele. Again, that vote, that race was decided in the hundreds of votes as well. And then our friend George Whiteside, a NASA executive flipped California's 27th Congressional district from another maga, Mike Maga, Mike Garcia MAGA Extremist here in Los Angeles. Trump is gonna now take office with a razor thin house, GOP majority. And look, folks, I wanna be very clear what these MAGA are after, what they're doing. What are the things that they are talking about? Let's be very clear. For example, you've got MAGA, Republican, Josh Shriver posting make gay marriage illegal.


Again, this is not remotely controversial nor extreme. That's what MAGA Republicans saying pure hate over and over again. Or how about this MAGA Republican representative, Richard McCormick? They're saying the quiet part out loud because they always were saying it out loud. We just gotta listen to it. Here's Representative Rich McCormick saying, we got hard decisions to make when it comes to social security, Medicaid, and Medicare. Those are, we gotta take those challenges head on. He's calling your social, this is what Republicans are calling you, your social security, your Medicaid, your Medicare challenges. We need to take head on. And MAG is talking about cutting veterans benefits.


I did a whole story on this yesterday morning where they're like, all of these lavish perks that our veterans are getting and attacking it like that. Democrats, you just need to speak to the American people directly. Look 'em in the eye and tell 'em what's going on. Show 'em videos like this of MAGA Republican Representative Rich McCormick here play this clip. The problem with the Democrats is they've, they've never run out of things that they can give away for free, quote unquote, when you talk about a trillion dollars in debt payment, just on interest alone every year. We can't just talk about the military though. And the military can do some things better. We can save some money just in the way contract.


We can be careful that we don't decrease our, our abilities 'cause China's right on our heels. However, If you talk about 75% of the budget, 75% is non-discretionary. We're gonna have to have some hard decisions. We gotta bring the Democrats in and talk about social security, Medicaid, Medicare. There's hundreds of billions of dollars to be saved. And we know how to do it. We just have to have the stomach to actually take those challenges on. But we can't just talk about their discretionary budget. That's 20, that's less than 25% of our budget. We have to have some real hard discussions. Well, we Talk about this all the time, and If you don't wanna believe him, this is what MAGA Mike Johnson was saying during the campaign. He said they're gonna get rid of the Affordable Care Act, which is Obamacare.


Listen to maga. Mike. Let's play it. There's A lot of talk. I mean, healthcare reform's gonna be a big part of the agenda when I say we're gonna have a very aggressive verse hundred disease agenda. We got a lot of things though on the table. But healthcare secret, that's part, it's the secrets, the secret healthcare reform. Not a secret. There's some, some really important ideas on the table. And we have a, a docs caucus, the physicians who serve in the house, and they've got a menu of options about this thick. And I think this is part of it because If you take government bureaucrats out of the healthcare equation and you have doctor patient relationship, it's better for everybody. More efficient, more effective. That's the free market. Trump's gonna be for the free market. You heard a little sample of that last night. We wanna take a blow towards to the regulatory state.


Okay? Yeah. I mean, these agencies weaponized against the people. And it's, it's, it's crushing the free market. It's like a boot on the neck of job creators and entrepreneurs and risk takers it. And so healthcare is one of the sectors, but we need this across the board. And Trump's gonna go big. I mean, he's only gonna have one more term, right? Can't run for reelection. Right? And so he's gonna be thinking about legacy and we're gonna, we're gonna fix these things. No, no Obamacare, no Obama rid of it. Yeah. The ACA is so deeply ingrained. We need massive reform to make this work. And we got a lot of ideas on how to do that. There you have it folks. I'm Ben maus. This is the Midas toucher. Did did you, did you check out midas plus.com? Check it out, I think. I think you'll enjoy it. We got some grit.


It's, it's the substack. It's as well. Check it out. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion. And this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.