
I'm William Gug, a URI collaborator and professional ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing. I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to vori.com/william. That's vu OR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


The new KFC dunk it bucket with juicy original recipe tenders. New mashed potato poppers, crispy fries, plus three sauces that fit right on top of the lid so you can dunk anywhere. You can dunk at the game dunk while security points to the no outside food sign and dunk as 20,000 people watch you and your dunk it bucket. Get removed from the stadium dunk almost anywhere with the new $7 KFC Dunkin bucket. Or get the double Dunkin bucket for 25. Prices and participation vary while supplies last, taxes, tips and fees extra


It's turn time. And with FanDuel's dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 plus in President select states opt-in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non withdraw profit boost tokens. Restrictions apply, including token expiration and max wager amount. C terms is sports book.fanduel.com. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


I'm joined by Governor Andy Beshear of the Commonwealth of Kentucky. Governor, welcome. Oh, thanks for having me. Very excited to be here. Let's start with the news of the day. Donald Trump announcing yesterday. He's calling April 2nd, the day after April Fool's Liberation Day, where he says he's imposing more tariffs on the country and he says, that's gonna make everybody super rich. Let me show this to you and then let me get your reaction from the Commonwealth of Kentucky. Let's play it April 2nd is Liberation Day for our country because we're gonna finally be taking in money. We're already doing it. A lot of money, as you know, we put down some early tariffs on people and countries that were not treating us well.


Governor, I know the commonwealth of Kentucky's been hit pretty hard by these tariffs. What, what do you make of that statement? And is that how the people in the Commonwealth are feeling liberation? Well, well first April 2nd is, is actually the day after my wife and my anniversary because we got married on April Fool's Day. I'm told that means I can forget it once for a couple of hours before I fix it. But in, but in in seriousness, this is the Trump tax day or the super inflation day. Tariffs, especially on Canada, lead to increases in the price of gas. How much they lead to that increase is the Trump tax. You're paying it solely because of the president.


Tariffs on places like Mexico increase the price of groceries, which are already too high. The extra amount you pay is the Trump tax. The the tariff on lumber that's that's out there is gonna increase the price of new homes that are already so tough for that couple trying to buy their first home. That increase in price is the Trump tax. And I don't say that because I'm a Democratic governor and he's a Republican president. I say it because it's solely his fault. Every economist is saying, don't do it. It's slowing down our economy. It could lead us into a recession. You know, you inherited an economy that was growing more than most in the world and you're tanking it, you're wrecking it. And, and people in my state are gonna pay more than most because our number one export target is Canada.


And so whether it's Kentucky Bourbon or or our aerospace exports, we get hit and we get hit hard. Also, I think it's one and three people who live in Kentucky are on Medicaid, and that's being hit pretty hard as well. What's going on there with the drastic cuts that, that, that Doge and Trump and Musk are doing to Medicaid and just shutting down essential government services? Well, Medicaid cuts would be devastating for Kentucky, but really all of rural America. So Medicaid covers the people that we love the most. Our parents and our kids. Half of Kentucky's kids are covered by Medicaid. 70% of our long-term care costs for our seniors are covered by Medicaid.


So what happens when you cut Medicaid? Kids see the doctor less. Our parents and grandparents aren't with us as long, don't get the same level of care. But, but Medicaid and expanded Medicaid are critical to rural healthcare. If they go through with these cuts, virtually every rural hospital will close. That's the typically the second largest employer behind the public school in so many of these rural communities. And, and so think about it from the job loss, but think about it from, from this way. It's not just those on Medicaid. It's everybody else who is going to see the doctor in their community when their rural hospital closes, has to drive two hours to a bigger city, to to see the same doctor who had to move because they lost their job.


This will be devastating, devastating across the country, and it'll make a country that needs to get more healthy, less healthy. It's not a secret that the commonwealth of Kentucky is generally considered to be a red state. You are a Democratic governor in what would otherwise be called a ruby red state. You won your election back in 2023. You got about 53% of the vote, 2024. Trump won the state over Kamala Harris by like 30 points. So you won the state and then he beat Kamala by 30 points in the same state where you're a Democratic co.


What's the, what, what do you think the secret is here? 'cause there seems to be a roadmap there. You're doing something right to, to be able to win in Kentucky. So what, what do you doing? Well, that's kind, I I think it's three things. It's focus on the, the core concerns that Americans wake up with in the morning. It's talking to people like they're real people, not using all the sanitized language that's been out there. And third is sharing your why. So if you start with focusing on people's everyday worries, when most people wake up in the morning, they're not thinking about politics, they're thinking about their job and whether they make enough to support their family, they're thinking about their next doctor's appointment for themselves or their parents or their kids.


They're thinking about the roads and bridges they drive every day. They're thinking about the public school they drop their kids off at and they're thinking about how safe they feel in their community. If you don't feel secure in all of those areas, it's really hard to reach another issue or cause no matter how much you care about it, 'cause you're worried about your family. So for me, listen, I always stand up for my beliefs. I've vetoed a lot of nasty discriminatory bills, but I'm always out there trying to create that next job, trying to make healthcare more accessible. When we built a road in eastern Kentucky, it cut down the commute for some families by 20 minutes both ways.


People underestimate the impact on somebody's lives, 40 more minutes with with your family. And so it's making sure that, you know, 80% of what I, or or what the Democratic party should be talking about should be those core concerns. But how you talk about 'em is important too. I mean, we've gotten to a point where we use language that doesn't mean anything. We, we use the term substance use disorder instead of addiction. Well, the folks I know that have gone through addiction, they call it addiction or, or food insecurity. When people are going hungry, the, it makes us sound like, like professors as opposed to talking to people as as people.


And then the words lose their power and their meaning. But the last piece may be the most important. And that's, I think we as leaders need to explain our authentic why, why we make decisions, why we do these jobs with everything you gotta put up with why we put our families through it. And for me it's, it's, it's my faith. And so for instance, when I vetoed the nastiest anti LGBTQ plus bill during my election year in Kentucky, you know, I, I explained it why I did it, and that's it. My faith teaches me that all children are children of God. And I wanted those children who are being hated on by their general assembly to know their governor, cares for them and loves them.


And my faith tells me that that's my job to do, to, to stand up for them. And so I'll never forget, I think the next day a guy walks up to me and I thought, oh, you know, what's, what's coming now? And he said, Andy, I don't know if I agree with you, but I know you are doing what you think is right. And so if we can explain our, our why, we can create hopefully the grace and the space to have some disagreements that are out there. But people still understand what you're doing each and every day and how you're gonna make their life better To show everybody a video that you posted in the past 24 hours where you say discrimination holds our commonwealth and our country back.


Put in my Kentucky accent. It just ain't right. Let, let me show you this video and then, and then I got a question. Lemme play it right now. Kentucky and the rest of the United States cannot possibly reach it's full potential unless our people feel supported to be themselves. Discrimination against our LGBTQ plus community is unacceptable. It holds us back. And in my Kentucky accent, it ain't right Now if a Democratic governor in Kentucky can do that, what are Democrats afraid about? And the rest of the, it drives me crazy. You're in Kentucky and you're saying, look, I'm not gonna let people be bullied.


I'm not. I'm not okay. My faith makes me not okay with marginalized people just getting punched down. Yet it seems that Democrats are living in right wing frameworks and echo chambers and feeling, you know what, if I wanna win an election, I gotta, I guess I gotta kind of be like that. I guess I gotta kind of, you know, you know, grow out and punch down and bully. And you're saying, I'm in Kentucky. And you know what, the people in Kentucky like people who stand up for what they believe in and fight for them, right? Well, bullying is always wrong. And, and standing up for people is, is always right, hate's always wrong and love's always right.


Judging people is always wrong and accepting them is is always right. But I think what's many Democrats are doing is misreading the, the last election. They're seeing that last ad that was played and, and thinking that, that the last movable voters voted on that anti-trans issue. I don't think that they did. I think what Donald Trump convinced them is that, is that his opponent was distracted by other issues while he was focused on prices and the economy. And, and so this isn't an either or as a Democrat, stand up for what you believe in stand up for, for, for protecting people. But at the same time, the next day be out there opening that new factory, be in your community, cutting the ribbon on the new clinic where people are gonna be able to see a doctor that are right there, be out there making sure that public safety is improving for, for everybody.


You know, we've gotta show people that you can stand up for your principles while at the same time be in there every single day for every working family, regardless of, of their politics. We have to do both and, and, and understand that this is not an either or, You know, some of this stuff I feel like, you know, is a little bit of a, of a layup too. I mean, as Americans, pensions are being destroyed as 4 0 1 ks in the gutter. What was Donald Trump posting this weekend? I just won the golf championship at the Trump International Golf Club. Su, such a great honor. The awards dinner is tonight at the club. I, I wanna thank the wonderful golf staff and all of the many fantastic golfers that participated in the even he doesn't even spell event.


Right? Such fun. And he's saying such fun as Americans were suffering, by the way, as there were horrific storms ravaging the Midwest with dozens of people dead. He's saying, having, having fun. IIII mean, what's what's your, what's your closing message right now? You know, it's your first time on the Midas Touch Network just to the country in general. I know a lot of people know who you are, but you know, there may be some people on this network seeing you for seeing you, you know, on, on this network for the first time. What, what's your message generally about where, where we're at right now as a country and what you're looking to do? Well, first, congratulations to y'all on all this success and, and for being out there speaking truth and making sure people get real information.


For me, I think our country is right now at a test of our humanity and a test of our empathy. You know, the idea that tens of thousands of Americans are getting laid off from civil service, many of them veterans trying to continue their service, and Donald Trump and Elon Musk are lying to 'em saying it was because of their performance. You know, you can think that the government's too big, but have the humanity and the empathy to be concerned about these families, many of which have young kids have the humanity and the empathy to say it's wrong to lie to people about why they're, they're losing their, their job. You know, I think that we, we've gotta make sure as a, as a country that we as leaders are setting the right example while at the same time we are pushing back what's happening through this president and out of Washington DC is wrong.


It is wrong in so many different ways, and it sets such a bad example for our, for our kids and, and for the, for the people of America. But I'm convinced that we as Americans are better than this. And if we are reminded of our humanity and who we are, that we can rise above this. See, I see it after every natural disaster that hits my state. We've been hit by 13 federally declared disasters since I became governor. And what do you see? You see people pulling up into each other's driveways, introducing themselves for the first time and saying, how can I help you? You see somebody sitting on their neighbor's porch while the waters rise because their neighbor doesn't wanna leave until the neighbor's ready and then carrying them out.


Now, we may may have folks out there that, that thought that Donald Trump was gonna be focused on prices they're seeing right now. He's focused on anything. But we deserve a president and we deserve a government that always puts our people first and recognizes that those basic needs shouldn't be partisan. So just imagine a federal administration that every day is trying to create more jobs for Democrats, Republicans and independents, trying to make healthcare more affordable for every American, trying to have safe roads and, and bridges for every state. And everyone who's out there believes in public education and instead of trying to tear it down and, and wants to improve public safety in every single community.


Now the, the answer to where we go is something that, that won't just win elections, but it's good for all Americans and and hopefully can help us find some common ground. So I know we're going through a tough time, but I certainly haven't lost my hope. And, and I'm in this fight because I refuse to leave a broken country to my kids. They deserve to have a strong, solid America that's governed by the rule of law. And I'm gonna make sure I do everything I can so they get that country. Well, you pumped me up for the day. You're making me feel good right now. Governor Andy Beshear from the Commonwealth of Kentucky, thanks so much for joining us on the Midas Touch Network. We hope you come back.


I'd be honored to thank You'all so much for having me. Everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Can't Get Enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.