
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing, to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash special offer.


If you have kids or pets, you know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry, or visit chem drive.com.


Today I'm joined by California's governor Gavin Newsom. Governor, you are taking the fight against Donald Trump's disastrous economic policy to Trump's turf on Fox News. Tell us about what you're doing, governor. Well, it's, it's getting really serious, and I don't think people fully have absorbed how serious. We're talking about school supplies not being on the shelves. When Kins come back from the summer, we're talking about just a few months away from having a real impact, quite literally on toys, being on people's shelves. We are seeing 60%, six 0% decline in bookings for cargo. And California is the recipient of 40% of the good movement coming into the United States and Long Beach and la So this is serious stuff.


It's code red now. It's not just a yellow flag. And that's why we wanted to take this ad directly to Trump knowing that he'll be watching Fox and have plenty of oppo apple opportunities to understand and absorb the impacts. Governor Donald Trump saying that if you're a little girl, you just gotta be fine. You get one doll, you get one pencil, you're gonna pay more for it and, and, and just shut up. I mean, that, that's what he's saying. What do you think about that? Well, you imagine if Joe Biden said something like that, how that the primetime lineup at Fox would be reacting to that, how it would light up every, every one of the right wing networks. I mean, this is, I mean, the, it's, it's real.


This is serious. And you know, what happened yesterday was not very serious, and that was this so-called deal with the UK that actually hurts American automobile manufacturers. Don't take my word for it. You saw GM and others came out with a statement saying, disadvantages, imports of, you know, range Rovers and, and Rolls Royces over American manufacturers. So this is, it's time to sober up and it's time for this administration to sober up. They have done real damage and they cannot quickly undo that damage and it's time to highlight the consequences. We obviously filed the lawsuit, but I think now as consumers, we need to understand what, what Trump has done and the impacts, even if he reverse course tomorrow, the impacts of that over the course of the next few months.


What do you think they should do? I mean, obviously this uk this UK deal, you know, to your point, the auto manufacturers saying it's a, a, a disaster. I mean, you know, they did this trade war against the world right now, and they seem to be a total mess. And I, I don't even know what they, you know, are they think tariffs are great, they wanna remove the, I don't even know what they're doing. Like what are they doing? What, what, What do you wanna, yeah, look, if, if, if, if you use their theory of the case, if, if you want to impose tariffs to bring back manufacturing industrial policy back to the United States of America, they have to be predictable. You have to have stability. You have to send a signal to small business owners that this is here to stay.


And that means you have to radically change the way you're doing business. But every few hours, every news cycle, there's another zig and zag, it's chaotic. There's no rhyme or reason. I'll give you a specific example. Just this morning in anticipation of meeting with the Chinese counterparts in Geneva, he decided to negotiate against himself the great negotiator from 145% tariffs imposed on China. Now he says, well, maybe it should be 80%. Who knows what happens in the next few hours? And if you are someone that's buying goods from overseas from China, how do you make a decision? Maybe you wait another week, maybe another month and see if it gets down to 10% like it is in the uk.


It's an absurd, absurd rollout in its profoundly impactful. It's wrecking the economy of the United States and California as the 10 pole. The economy is being impacted more than anybody else. Going back to this ad buy that you're doing on Fox, let, let me just show our viewers the ad then let's talk about it. Let's play it. California is now the fourth largest economy in the world, innovation, manufacturing, agriculture, and we've done it by reducing trade barriers and delivering for American consumers. But the Trump administration is putting all of that at risk, halting delivery of essential goods through our ports. Today it's school backpacks. In a few months it'll be Christmas toys.


These tariffs punish families and risk ending America's run as the world's greatest economy. Take it from California, we're the ones leading it. Governor, how serious is this scarcity issue? You know, I don't want, I'm, I'm, I don't wanna fear monger my audience and say, yeah, there's not gonna be things on the shelves, but I'm hearing from the Long Beach port director, the Seattle port director, that that ships aren't coming in, at least at the quantity they should be. What's really happening? No, it's, it's very real. It's very raw. I was walking with some of the dock workers and, and some meeting with truckers just in Oakland, California, in the northern part of California.


That's down 20%, down 35% in Southern California bookings moving forward, down 60%. It takes days and days and days. It takes weeks and weeks and weeks for decisions being made overseas and purchase orders to go into effect before they end up on the shelf. So decisions that are being made today or the indecisions around making commitments will have a profound impact on tomorrow. And that's why this can't be easily fixed. I think Trump's in a bit of a panic. He recognizes the damage now he's done, I think he's trying to reconcile that with the markets. But there's something now bigger than the markets around consumer confidence. It it's around investments and business decisions that are being made and the impact that's going to have over the course of the next many months, including, and yes, I'll highlight because I have kids, and forgive me, I'll double down again on, on school supplies, on issues around toys or 80 plus percent of our toys.


Things under your Christmas tree come from China. And so this is, it's not about fearmongering, it's about, I think waking people up that this is already had a profound impact on the United States of America and our economy and budgets, including the budget of the state of California. When Donald Trump panics, he tries to buy time and often that's through efforts to distract and deflect. I don't wanna fall into his distraction trap where he talks about Alcatraz this, Alcatraz that, but I think it's important to call it out for what it is, which is look there distraction while, what's his next trip? He's going to the Middle East to meet with sovereign wealth funds that he has deals with in Qatar, in Oman, with the Abu Dhabi fund for his crypto.


It's kind of, look there, here's what I'm doing. What do you think about him? Well, I could not agree though. I think this is the essential question that we have to answer as Democrats and how we address and deal with Trump and this wrecking ball of policymaking, particularly as it relates to terrorists. We have got to focus on the big thing that impacts us in more ways on more days. And that's the issue of these tariffs. And that's why we did first state lawsuit against these tariffs. He does not have the unilateral right to impose tariffs, period. Full stop. And that's why I'm doing this ad to maintain that focus and not get to your point, distracted by distraction day on Sunday just a few days ago where it wasn't just Alcatraz, he was talking about tariffs on foreign films or films that are made overseas and, and, and we all ran, we all chased that.


And meanwhile, what's staring us in the face is hundreds and hundreds, thousands and thousands will be tens of thousands containers, less of goods coming into our ports ending up on our shelves and the impact that will have on our quality of life. Let's talk about California facts.com, why you've launched it. I mean, I I I saw kind of firsthand you dealing with the deluge of lies as you were trying to deal here where I live in Southern California with the disastrous fires at the beginning of the year while you were out there, sleeves rolled up literally on the front lines, ordering the, the trucks and the fire department here. They were lying about you relentlessly.


And you know, I think even, I, I could be wrong here, I even think that you were slightly for that first day caught off guard a little bit that they would go after you right then and there where you were in the thick of it. And then to me there was a moment where it clicked to you go, oh, I see what they're, I have to deal with this now if I wanna be effective in helping. So, so was that the genesis of this and what's California facts? I I think you observed it very well and, and, and with humility, let me acknowledge that I, you know, I I, this is not my first rodeo as they say I'm used to, you know, these guys have tried to recall me on six occasions. They've got another effort underway. One went to the ballot. I've been on the receiving end for years and years and years of, of, of, of this surround sound coming after me.


Not just the state of California, but as someone that pre-positioned 110 engines and a dozen aerial support and had anticipated the high winds and LA was on the scene within 90 minutes or, or two hours. You're right that, that the amount that came was a bit overwhelming. And so we pushed back because I couldn't do it alone. We pushed back by creating a platform around LA fire Facts. And then we decided, look, it's if, if one thing, and I think it started to change the conversation a little bit. I mean, we started just foundational facts that we pushed back and we were able to not just assert it, but prove the lies and miss and disinformation. But the same thing is happening with this California derangement syndrome that's out there 24 7.


And that's why we just put out you're right, California facts dot Gov and, and it's incredibly important 'cause it's, it's a point of pride, but it's also an important part of the progress we're making as a state, again, the fourth largest economy. Appreciate you highlighting that. And obviously that's highlighted in the ad. We had record breaking tourism spend last year, years back to back of increased population where the number one manufacturer in every category, California continues to punch above its weight. But people don't believe that and many Democrats have started to doubt that as well. So that's the idea. It's just a mechanism to push back and it's just another one of many efforts here to iterate.


Yeah, I wanna just talk to you about that briefly when these starts with Trump. But these MAGA republicans constantly attack California. California's leading the United States of all economies, fourth largest economy in the world, yet this MAGA narratives out there and why you need a California fax is sometimes this narrative, which is false, takes hold and then it just gets repeated and then we exist in that framework. So just, yeah, your overall response in addition to California facts, like just your defense of California, you know, in, in the pushback to all that crap. No, I appreciate it. Look, I mean, we're 18% of the world's r and d, which is just foundational in terms of our capacity to continue to lead in, in terms of innovation and entrepreneurialism.


32 of the top 50 a AI companies in the world are located in California. And every major category of every major industry, California has a larger counterpart than other parts of the United States, including agriculture and forestry jobs across the spectrum, including by the way, a, a a framework around progressive taxation, which is interesting because now Trump himself at least asserts modestly that he is looking to promote a progressive tax for people earning over two and a half million dollars, which dare I say looks a little bit like California. We in California have the highest tax rate for the top earners, but we have very progressive rate as it relates to middle income and low wage earners.


And I'll give you a proof point of that. There's 16 states in America. Again, this is about facts, 16 states in America that tax their poorest residents more than we tax our richest residents. So it begs the question, who's the high tax state? So that issue among many other issues, again, manufacturing, I don't think most Californians know this, four $12 billion of output in manufacturing that's 41% bigger than the next state. And as we had a chance to talk a few weeks ago, I think this is profoundly important. When you look at the issue of donor states, you talk about trade imbalances and trying to level set this trade imbalances. How about the imbalance between a state like California that provided as a donor state, $83.1 billion more than it received from the federal government in red states, of which literally seven of the top 10 do.


States that are taker states, dare I say, are received recipients of more federal large s again, are, are in those red parts of the country, including by the way, the $71.1 billion that Texas takes in more than they provide the federal government. Final question, governor. You know, when I have the opportunity to speak with people like you, I know with humility as a reporter there, there's just some things that I'm not thinking about that I know weigh heavily on your mind. I mean, your perspective as the governor, fourth largest GDP in the world. You're seeing things, you're hearing things, you're thinking about things. I'm lucky, I've got an audience of 5 million Subscribe Meidas on YouTube. And beyond that, on this platform of people who just want to know what, what's either keeping you up at night, what are you thinking about?


Do you have hope? What, in general, what do you just want our audience to know and take away right now at this moment, May 9th? My biggest anxiety is how serious and, and, and real this all is. Not just the rule of law, not just this notion of, of three co-equal branches of government, the best of our, you know, of, of Greek democracy in the Roman Republic. This notion of pop popular sovereignty, all of that being at risk. But the, the coin of the realm above anything else is, is, is trust and and the brand that is America and alliances and, and how that could be destroyed like that and how consequential what Donald Trump is doing in real time. And I say that not 'cause I think it, I know it.


I cannot tell you how many foreign representatives and leaders that I've met with and what they're telling us behind the scenes, what they're telling us behind closed doors. It's alarming beyond words. And so look, it takes years and years and years to build something. It could take a matter of hours to destroy something. And we're seeing in real time Donald Trump's capacity to destroy our reputation, to destroy our alliances, and to destroy, potentially destroy literally, if he keeps down this path, the economy in the United States of America, it is happening in front of our eyes. And that's why I thought it was so important to do this ad and continue to remind people of the impacts of these tariffs in particular to the economy and to your pocketbook, California Governor Gavin Newsom.


Thanks as always for joining us. Thanks for having me. Everyone. Hit subscribe and let's hit that 5 million subscriber Mark


Can't get enough. Midas. Plus, check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.