
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See cdk eng.co/audio.


I'm William Gug, a URI collaborate and professional ultra runner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing, I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to uri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply.


I'm joined by California governor Gavin Newsom. Governor, when you and I last spoke, it was the day after Donald Trump announced his tariffs against the world. You warned everyone how dangerous and harmful it was going to be three weeks later. What's your reaction? Well, I mean, 10 x worse than we even feared. And, and we were, we were pretty sober when we got together the day after quote, liberation day. But we've seen what's happened to the world economy. The coin of the realm is trust and how we have eroded trust around the globe. How is this gonna take, I think years and years and years to unwind despite what Donald Trump believes and, and how the markets are behaving as they zig and zag.


And as you know, since then, California, the largest state in our union size of 21 state populations combined. Now the fourth largest economy in the world based on IMF figures that just came out. International monetary fund figures yesterday, no state has been more impacted by the tariffs economically. And as a consequence, we're the first state to sue the Trump administration and we're damn confident that we're gonna win that lawsuit. Tell us about that lawsuit. Governor, how important is it? Well, it's critical. I mean, he has no unilateral authority to impose these tariffs. And, and, and, and interestingly, the Koch brothers backed a lawsuit saying exactly the same thing.


So look at the ideological prism here. A big blue state and the progressive governor and, and, and some of the most conservative quote unquote leaders in this country representing the same point of view. And you may have seen just in the last 24 hours, 12 states attorney generals just joined and are also suing the Trump administration making exactly the same claim. And it's interesting. Final point on that, the Trump administration's trying to change the jurisdiction for our case and our suit, which is just another example of how concerned I think they are. And, and again, any legal scholar looks at this, it pr seems pretty black and white. He simply cannot assert the authority he has under this 1977 construct to unilaterally advanced tariffs.


So we think, we think we are in a very good and solid position, You know, since that day that Donald Trump calls Liberation Day, which I think we call devastation or liquidation day, you know, Donald Trump's been sending messages of tariffs on tariffs off tariffs on tariffs off. Then there are these like private meetings that are taking place where things are like leaked out And that the markets become very volatile. What message is Donald Trump sending to the business community with just the volatility he's creating? Well, he's, it's, it's, he's open for business, I mean, free enterprise to crony capitalism overnight. I mean, every single one of those meetings represents sort of a, a side deal, a special interest of sorts.


Some may be nations, others may be companies the size of nations that make political contributions. We saw this in Trump 1.0. There was an independent analysis done as it relates to the, the, the relatively modest tariffs that he imposed in his first term and how he decided to pull some of those tariffs back. And now they were directly connected to contributors. I mean, this is serious stuff. It's happening in just plain sight and he wants everyone to kneel and everyone to reach out directly to him. And, and this is, you know, this is democracy. This is Donald Trump's version of it. And so it's a very serious moment.


And, and that's why there's a series of purpose and grateful with these attorney generals in these 12 other states. And, and I think everybody, not just crying foul, but getting a little bit more strategic. And I appreciate, you know, we're seeing this parties buzzing now. It's come alive at the grassroots. People are showing up, stepping up. They're not giving into the cynicism and fear. There was some resignation, I would argue for a while. It felt that way in some corners right after the election. That's no longer the case. And it's really, it's really wonderful to see that energy you see in the a OC rallies and, and Bernie rallies, which just incredible. But also just the, the, the enthusiasm that always feel when we see a guy like Cory Booker stand up for 25 hours or, or what Chris did down in El Salvador.


It's just great to see people being accountable at this moment. And I think states like California have a responsibility. We're now about to, to present a 16th lawsuit against Trump administration, we need to really start to assert ourselves from a position of strength. You visited China in October of 2023. You met with Xi Jinping and other leadership in China. So you know how they negotiate, how they respond to threats. Now, Trump imposed a 145% tariff on China, then China retaliated in kind, they cut rare earth minerals. Trump's been claiming that he's been talking with China, but China's foreign minister today said, that's fake news.


There's no discussions taking place until, and unless Trump wants to remove the unilateral tariffs. What do you make governor of Trump's negotiations with China? Well, I saw a meme of of, of Xi reading The Art of the Deal laughing. I think it summed everything up that was on my feed yesterday. I mean, here's Trump negotiating against himself. And you know, I I, and I'm, I I, I want to be careful here because I love my country. I love this nation. But it's just interesting the approach that she has taken, which seems a little bit more steady handed as it relates to his approach on retaliatory tariffs. Now, the impacts of that are outsized in my state.


You know, I've got the, the Port of Long Beach with 40% of the goods move in this country in LA and Long Beach come through, and they're starting to dry up. That's not a gross exaggeration, it's modest, one drying up, but they're starting to significantly decline in terms of amount of cargo coming in to the states. One of the principle reasons we felt we had standing in a lawsuit, this is the number one manufacturing state in America. It's the number one state in terms of a direct foreign investment and two-way trade. We dominated every category, economic category. There are no peers and ag and forestry jobs across the spectrum. This state is disproportionately impacted. And, and so I I just, I pray that we can get a deal with China because of its outsize influence.


And I'll just argue one simple point as a, as a guy with four young kids, you know, 80% of those toys that are supposed to be coming in the ports right now for the holidays, they come from China. And so this impact is to me, you know, it's, it's, it's personal. Yeah, it's, it's, you know, professional responsibility as a fiduciary for the state. I'm a small business person myself and businesses directly impacted. So it's, it's not an intellectual exercise. This one is, is absorbed in every corner of our society, Democrat, republican, rural, urban. These impacts are extraordinary and what he's done is extraordinary. And we have to be extraordinarily vigilant and forceful in our response.


Governor California just passed Japan as the fourth largest economy in the world, which of course sounds like a big deal. You posted about it, you know, why is this just an important thing for us to all, you know, recognize, you know, more broadly, geopolitically? Well, it's a point of pride. I mean, it's a big blue state with $4.1 trillion a year economic output, where 14% of the GDP in the United States America, 50% more than the next big state. But I also want people to understand that this is a donor state. In 2023, Californians contributed $83.1 billion more than we received from the federal government.


And by the way, for your viewers, they may be interested in this, that state, Texas took $71.1 billion more than they provided the federal government, California 83 billion contributor taker, Texas. And I say that to make a broader point, 71% of the economic output in the United States, America, blue counties, blue metros, blue states with lower deaths of despair rates, higher wages, more productivity, greater growth, lower death rates as it relates to murder. It is a mythology that somehow red states are dominating and blue states are struggling.


It's factually untrue. And I think today as it relates to the illumination from the International Monetary Fund that did, the analysis that we highlighted is just a proof point of states like California, big blue states, all across this country that continue to be the 10 pole of the US economy. You Know, governor Texas seems to take the Trump approach at the government level, attack the citizens takeaway freedoms, freedoms ban, the books, cut social programs. But California's done the opposite. California has grown because it has invested in good social programs. So you show that that actually leads to growth. Why is investing in good social programs good for business and the economy?


Well, we had a formula for success. You know, we have a conveyor belt for talent that's second to none, and that's being vandalized all across this country. It's our university system, the ucs, the CSUs, our community college system, the backbone of, of our workforce development that conveys more talent than any other system in, in the United States. And again, we're seeing that attacked for ideological reasons all across this country, good for Harvard, for standing firm and standing tall. And that's a call to arms for all universities to follow suit and do the same. We invest in research and development, 18% of the world's research and development. Number three on the planet, China, Germany, and California, the biggest investment in research and development, pushing out the boundaries of discovery.


More scientists, engineers, researchers, more Nobel laureates, more venture capital coming from California and the inner state and the nation. That innovation, the entrepreneurialism, the reason we call this a coast of the California is the coast of dreams because we're a dream maker for people all around the globe that wanna come here for riches and new beginnings. 27% of this state is foreign born, majority minority state living and advancing together across every imaginable difference. That's what makes us great. We celebrate our interesting differences, as Clinton said, but we also unite around the things that bind us together. And it's a point of pride, all of that under assault, under attack, human capital, economic impacts of these tariffs, the human capital being assaulted with these immigration raids and the chill as it relates to legal immigration, not just issues related to the border.


And so all of these things, these are precious things, but all these things are foundationally part of that formula for success that I think blue states understand at their core. You invest in people, you invest in opportunity, you invest in growth, and you create conditions where people feel included, they feel seen, they feel heard, and they come out and they take risks and a consequence, we're all rewarded for that. And, and so that's why, you know, I'm proud. I've come from a state, there's, there's the American dream and there's a California dream. There's only one state that's attached itself to a dream. And, and my job is to keep that dream alive, to push back against Trump and Trumpism, and to continue to invest in our growth engines.


And finally talking about the American dream, which is under attack right now. People are scared, they're nervous. What's Donald Trump gonna post today? People are looking at their 4 0 1 ks, their pensions. They're seeing all of this volatility. They're seeing people get disappeared off the streets. They're seeing Donald Trump show off meetings with people, the leader from El Salvador, naive Boo Kelly, with all of that going on, governor, finally, as we conclude this interview, just in general, what's your message to the American people right now in this moment, April 24th, 2025, as we're recording this, You've never been more important. I mean, don't give into the cynicism, don't give into the fear, don't give into the anxiety.


That's what he counts on. It's shock and eyes coming. He's coming every day, every minute trying to win one thing. The news cycle 24 7, win the news cycle. So keep our eye on the ball, focus on what's important. Let's try to, you know, avoid, you know, chasing every damn rabbit. But the most important thing is we have to maintain our vigilance. We have to step up and step in. We have agency. We can shape the future. The future's not something to experience, it's something to manifest it's decisions, not conditions that determine our fate and future. So I say it all the time, it's not what happens to us, it's how we respond. And right now, the American people are responding in extraordinary ways.


It's inspiring real people that understand what's at stake for themselves, for their kids and grandkids. And it's inspired, I think, inspired me to do more and do better. And, and so if we continue with that spirit, we're gonna get back on track. We're gonna win the damn midterms, we're gonna get back the White House. And all we have to do is continue in this spirit with that sense of purpose, mission, and meaning that's behind folks that are standing up for democracy, their families, this nation and the world we're trying to build. California Governor Gavin Newsom, thanks for joining us here on the Midas Touch Network. It's good to be back with you, Everybody. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad-free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.