
Have you ever spotted McDonald's hot crispy fries, right as they're being scooped into the carton and time just stands still.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com cancel any anytime terms apply.


What makes a great pair of glasses At Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Let's talk with a governor who's fighting back and winning against some of these Trump executive orders, freezing funds, which would've caused big problems in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Governor Shapiro, welcome. Hey, Ben, it's great to be with you. And by the way, I just wanna say thanks for having me back on. I know you're Mr. Big time now, but you remember who is there in the beginning. Now y'all are number one. Congratulations. I'm so proud of you and your brothers, but I'm glad you didn't forget us little people. Thanks for having me Back on. Oh, we, we, we, we will, we will never forget. We appreciate all the work you're doing in the Commonwealth, and I appreciate that. Let's talk about the lawsuit that you brought against.


Yeah, the Trump administration's funding freeze. There was about $2.1 billion that you identified that was in the lawsuit that you filed of funds that were supposed to go to the Commonwealth that were blocked. That's why you brought the lawsuit. And you've accounted for what, all 2.1 billion now? Yeah, after fighting back. Tell us about that. Yeah, we won. Look, I mean, this really comes down to a simple thing that our kids learn in middle school, right? A deal is a deal. That's it. The federal government made a deal with Pennsylvania to invest $2.1 billion in our Commonwealth a whole lot more than that.


But that's what was frozen. And understand, Ben, this was money that was going to things like fixing old, you know, old abandoned minefields where we were having sinkholes. We actually had a woman die in western Pennsylvania, fell into a sinkhole. It was capping orphan wells that were leaking methane into our communities, which was speeding up climate change and having really adverse health risks in the community and so much more. And so I talked to the federal government and said, yo, y'all can't do this. You've gotta give us the money that is owed to us. Remember, a deal is the deal. They refused. And so I had no other choice but to take them to court. I sued them, but I kept talking to them during that process and ultimately made very, very clear I wasn't going away.


Pennsylvania was gonna get its fair share of federal funding and what's been promised to us, and we were able to get them to unfreeze all $2.1 billion that had been taken away from Pennsylvania. I'm really proud of that, and I'm grateful to the people whose voices were raised up demanding that the federal government do what they were legally required to do. And as a result, the good people of Pennsylvania are protected. Look, you've got a lot of bipartisan support there in the commonwealth. You visit blue areas, purple areas, red areas, and you got pretty good support. Even in some of those ruby, red and red areas.


They're being impacted by a lot of what we're seeing though from the Trump administration. And we've been following a lot of these town halls in Ruby Red areas where people, Republican voters, people who are at least identifying as Republican voters on camera and independents and others are just saying, you know, we're losing our jobs. This is hurting us. I saw MAGA Mike Johnson speak yesterday, speaker of the house, and he's like, no, this is fake. This is all AstroTurf. These are just activists. And it's not, it's not really what the, what Republican voters or or independents are thinking. You got a beat on what's going on in the Commonwealth and what's what's happening. You know, literally, Ben, just a couple hours ago, I was up in what we call the northern tier of Pennsylvania.


You can't get any further north, otherwise you're gonna be in New York. And these are really conservative Republican voting communities. A lot of voters voted for me there, but by and large, these are communities that overwhelmingly supported Donald Trump. And two things were brought up to me by folks there, folks in the media, and folks just when I got pulled aside who were, you know, wanting to talk to me, one, they said, thank you for protecting us. Thank you for making sure that we are seen. This was a member of the L-G-B-T-Q community who came over to me and said that the other thing is people are really worried about the impact of these federal cuts on their communities.


Let's talk just for a moment about Medicaid, right? They're talking about cutting Medicaid in Washington. I get $30 billion a year coming to Pennsylvania to pay for Medicaid. There are 3 million Pennsylvanians who get healthcare through Medicaid. There are 13 million total Pennsylvanians, 3 million of them are on Medicaid. And by the way, Ben, a high percentage of them are in these rural communities where I was just a few hours ago, I've made clear to our federal officials that a cut to Medicaid directly hurts your constituents here in Pennsylvania. It would have a devastating impact on these rural communities.


I'm gonna do everything I can to both educate our lawmakers to help them understand that cuts to Medicaid are gonna harm our citizens, especially in rural Pennsylvania, and hold them accountable. If they make those cuts, if they even cut 10% outta Medicaid, that's a $3 billion hit. And that's something that is gonna be very difficult for us to make up here in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania through our state budget. Now, there might be some people out there going, well, I mean the federal government, what's their role in sending money to Pennsylvania or any other state? Well, here's the thing, folks in that rural community where I just was, they pay federal taxes and they want that money to come back to our state.


Nearly every state in the nation gets, you know, somewhere between 30 and 40% of their overall annual budgets from federal tax dollars, from federal money that comes back to their states. The idea that that's gonna be cut and we're gonna make it harder to build roads and bridges, cover kids with autism, protect our veterans, just to name a few things that is really, really concerning to me, and we've gotta push back on that. And so, you know, if, if Mike Johnson thinks that this is just made up, or AstroTurf or whatever you said, how about he shows up in some of these rural communities in Pennsylvania and actually listens to the real concerns on people's minds.


By the way, the people that voted for a Republican representative who made Mike Johnson speaker, the people who voted for Donald Trump to make him president, they don't wanna see their communities be harmed. And these cuts that they're talking about would be really devastating. When I've been following some of these town halls and meetings and some of these red rural communities, one of the things I hear often also is, why is Elon Musk and a group of 19 to 25-year-old guys, some who refer to themselves as Mr. Big Balls, going through our social security information, medical records, tax records, and doing it so cavalierly and then saying, Hey, you should trust us because we're billionaires, and billionaires are the most trustworthy people.


So let us just have all of your information. And I hear people saying, look, go then and testify in front of Congress. Go under oath and tell the American people what you're doing, but we don't want our privacy being invaded by these people. Are you hearing that? Yeah. And look, protecting privacy is a fundamental responsibility I have as governor in overseeing a government that serves the needs of 13 million Pennsylvanians, protecting people's privacy, their health, their safety, and ensuring that we have proper protocols in place to protect their interests. You know, look, I, I hold the president accountable. He decides who he's gonna surround himself with.


He decides who he is going to empower. And I wanna make sure the people he surrounds himself with, the people he leans on to help lead this nation are people who actually give a damn about the American people protecting their privacy, protecting their interests, looking out for their needs. That's what I want to see, and I hold the president accountable to that. Let's talk about your budget. You been posting on social media, some of your priorities like this. This is a photo that you posted. Let's invest in our childcare teachers and staff. Now, as I said before, you've got bipartisan support, but, but governor is, isn't this, is this woke?


Is this a, is this, is this woke? I mean, childcare, Medicaid, healthcare, helping people, you know, I'm being facetious, of course, but I know, you know, you're saying what the priorities are in the Commonwealth. Yeah, look, you know what it is, it's common sense. You, you go out there, you talk to moms and dads and caregivers, you talk to business owners, you talk to chambers of commerce and labor unions, and you talk to them about the concerns they have about workforce, right? Who's gonna do the jobs we need, not just today, but well in the future? And you ask them, what's holding you back? Well, for many, it's childcare. You know, if parents don't have a safe and reliable place that they can drop their kids off at and go to work, well, they're not gonna go to work because they're gonna be home caring for their kids or making other arrangements.


We know that if we can build out a childcare system that is available to all, we talked about rural communities before, especially in those rural communities, we know that we can have greater economic productivity. Let me offer, I'll nerd out on you here for a quick second. We have the need to put about 25,000 more kids in childcare in Pennsylvania. This is a need that parents have identified. Well, to do that we need to fill 3000 open early learning teaching slots. And so my budget does a common sense thing, which is to say, we're gonna give a thousand dollars stipend to childcare workers to either retain them or attract them into this really important field.


This is something that's been endorsed by Republicans and Democrats alike, and it builds on the work we've done on childcare by tripling our childcare tax credit to reduce the cost for families, trying to avoid childcare and actually giving businesses a tax write off when they pay for their employees childcare costs. So we're trying to come at this in a bunch of different ways, funding the providers, putting money back in parents' pockets to be able to afford childcare and helping businesses support their employees. This is a common sense thing we can do to attract more people into a really, really necessary field. It's gonna help us grow our economy and have really good outcomes for our communities.


You know, and finally, I know how patriotic the people are in the Commonwealth. Two very disturbing developments I've seen in the Trump administration on this for, I mean, probably 2000, but number one, veterans being disproportionately impacted by the terminations within the federal government. 30%, 40% of federal government workers are veterans, or the spouses of veterans. And then Donald Trump, having the United States join an access of evil, like with Russia and North Korea to vote against a resolution condemning Russia's unlawful invasion of Ukraine. We know that there's been a lot of hardworking factories in the commonwealth who have been building some of the weaponry as well, yeah.


To, to defend Ukraine. So I know it's an issue that hits close to home. It does. So let, let me address, you know, on both of those fronts, Pennsylvania's proud, the proud home of nearly a million veterans, and these veterans deserve better than what they're getting from the Trump administration. Veterans are getting laid off, and veterans are gonna see their programs that they rely on for healthcare and other things get cut back on as a result of the budgets that are going through Washington right now. Veterans deserve better. And by the way, here in the Commonwealth, we are looking to hire some of those laid off veterans for really critically important jobs that we have from a broader national security perspective.


And Ben, we could spend hours on this, but I think this is a critically important point that we need to start talking about more. I don't hear enough people talking about this. When Donald Trump took the oath of office, he took the oath of office to be president of the United States and be the leader of the free world as presidents have been for many generations, stretching back even before Ronald Reagan and the changes that came there. He went from being the leader of the free world to now in just one month, wanting to be a leader of a single hemisphere and leaving China and Russia in charge of the other hemispheres that is deeply, deeply dangerous for America's national security interests.


It is deeply troubling to see a president retreat in the face of Vladimir Putin and President Xi. We need a president who's gonna stand up for America's interest, who wants to be the leader of the free world. He has demonstrated nothing but weakness when it comes to national security over the course of his first month in office. Ben, we need to talk about this more. America's national security is at risk as a result of these decisions the President has made. And I'm very, very concerned. I'm concerned about how he's treating our veterans, and I'm concerned about our national security going forward.


Well, as your constituents say, I can say also the Midas mighty is happy that you're out there though, fighting back, pushing back, and we hope you'll come back on the show. Let us know everything that's going on in the Commonwealth. We appreciate you as always, governor Josh Shapiro. Thanks Ben. Great to be with you. And sincerely congrats on all your success. I'm really proud of you guys. And you know, thanks for remembering us little people who were there in the beginning. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Have a good one. Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcast, daily recaps from Ron Popowski and more, sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now, and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.