
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request. an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage. LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today,


Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman, do you guys vote? He wants to go? What you are watching, there are members of Congress leaving the Ethics Committee meeting where the Republicans voted to block the release of the ethics report into Donald Trump's attorney General Pick, Matt Gaetz. The ethics report is believed to describe in very specific detail how Matt Gaetz engaged in child sex trafficking with multiple children, victims, as well as how Matt Gaetz engaged in rampant drug abuse, as well as how Matt Gaetz engaged in obstruction of justice.


But the Republicans on the committee voted to block the release of the ethics report, thus the ethics report will not be released at least by the House of Representatives which had jurisdiction. You'll recall that Matt Gaetz resigned his position as a member of Congress after Donald Trump nominated him to be the highest law enforcement position in the United States of America, the Attorney General. That's right. Let me just repeat it again. The House eth, the House Ethics Committee voted and Republicans voted to block the release of the report. This comes as Matt Gaetz was walking around the halls of Capitol Hill today with Donald Trump's Vice President Elect, JD Vance and Donald Trump's pick for Secretary of State, Marco Rubio and others, and a lot of the MAGA supporters were posting this Gates, Rubio Vance seen this am together on Capitol Hill.


He's getting confirmed. Sorry, libs. So the way the Magdas are talking about this, this is a great way to own the Libs by having someone who may have engaged in child sex trafficking with multiple children, victims to become Attorney General. Also someone who's never actually practiced law in a courtroom before, at least to any meaningful degree. So zero trial experience, also putting that unqualified person to be Attorney General. Look, Donald Trump gave a directive to members of Congress and to senators today as well. Here's what Donald Trump posted. He says, this is what the radical left lunatics do to people. They dirty them up, they destroy them, and they spit them out.


They are trying that right now with some great American patriots who are only trying to fix the mess that the Democrats have made of our country. Then he puts in all caps, we will win Exclamation point, exclamation point maga. Shortly thereafter, Donald Trump then made a post selling Trump guitars for $2,500 per guitar, which don't get delivered for at least five to six months. That's how Donald Trump is spending his time. We also learned today first VIIA BC News that Matt Gaetz sent over $10,000 in Venmo payments to the two women who testified about Matt Gaetz sex trafficking charges and allegations.


Here you see the Venmo payments that were made, $500, $514, $772, and they were accompanied by Venmo notes to the girls, such as being my friend, being awesome just because travel expenses. There's other ones here like car deductible cartridges. Love you refreshments. These were the payments made to the individuals who testified before the House Ethics Committee. Also, there's this check right here for $750 to the girls and it was written to, with the memo reading tuition reimbursement.


I think there was a total of about 27 Venmo payments totaling $10,000 that were made. Now this also comes as Marjorie Taylor Green said that she is aware of numerous other Republicans who have similar situations to Matt Gaetz and who may be affiliated with Jeffrey Epstein and other sex traffickers like Jeffrey Epstein. And so one of the ways these MAGA threatened other MAGA Republicans not to release the ethics report is by essentially extorting them saying, we know your relationships with Epstein. We know that you are Petos and we will tell the world about you if you release the ethics report about Matt Gaetz.


After Donald Trump nominated Matt Gaetz to be the Attorney General of the United States, Marjorie Taylor Greene wrote for my Republican colleagues in the House and Senate, if we are going to release ethics reports and rip apart our own, that Trump has appointed and put it all out there for the American people to see. Yes, all the ethics reports and claims, including the one I filed, all your sexual harassment and assault claims that were secretly settled paying off victims with tax payer money. Mind you, she's talking about her Republican colleagues right here. Then she goes on to tell her Republican colleagues the entire Jeffrey Epstein files, tapes, recordings, witness interviews, but not just those, there's more.


Epstein wasn't, isn't the only asset. So if we're gonna dance, let's dance in the sunlight. And apparently that combined with Donald Trump who's been found liable for sexual assault by a jury, their comments convinced the Republicans to block the release of this report. It is just so it would be stunning and shocking if this wasn't who Donald Trump is.


This Episode is brought to you by Wild Grain. The holiday season is here and it's time to start baking delicious homemade favorites with family and friends. Wild Grain is here to make you look like a baking expert without the stress. If you're not familiar with Wild Grain, it's the first baked from frozen subscription box for artisanal breads, pastries and pastas. Wild grains boxes are fully customizable to your taste and dietary restrictions. They've recently launched a gluten-free box and a plant-based box that's 100% vegan alongside their classic variety box. Best of all, they take the hassle outta baking. Everything bakes from frozen in 25 minutes or less with no mess or cleanup. I recently received my wild grain box and I was instantly obsessed. My favorite so far has been the everything sourdough bread and the croissants, fresh and delicious every time. The best part, I can bake everything right from the freezer in under 25 minutes, which means I could whip up fresh bread or pastries even on busy days this holiday. I'm excited to add wild Grain's goodies to our family gatherings and let everyone enjoy fresh baked goodness without spending hours in the kitchen. Impress your guests with minimal effort. This holiday season. Wildgrain is offering our listeners $30 off the first box plus a free item in every box when you go to wild grain.com/midas. You heard me right? You can now get $30 off your first customized box when you go to wild grain.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. Or you could use that promo code Midas M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout.


Maga Mike Johnson was also on record as saying that he did not want to release the report that would've showed or could have showed that Matt Gaetz was involved in child sex trafficking. Here's MAGA Mike Johnson saying that play the clip. I'm Going to request on request the ethics committee not, that is not the way they do things in the house and I I think that would be a a terrible So, and here's Jim Jordan who before he was a member of Congress, when he was a member of the wrestling coaching staff at the Ohio State University, he was well known for covering up sexual abuse by the wrestling coach at the Ohio State.


Here. Jim Jordan says, Nope, we're not releasing this report. We're keeping this report hush hush. 'cause that's what republicans do. The party of Petos. Here's Jim Jordan, play the clip, And Congressman Jordan, do you have any sense about what will happen with that house ethics report that was supposed to come out Friday? Remember, gates had been accused of things and no prosecution had been continued. It had been dropped. Yeah, but Dick Durbin's trying to get his hands on that report, obviously to leak it out to hurt President Trump. What is your sense on that? Well, it's my understanding that is not supposed to go public. So if it's not supposed to under the rules, it shouldn't go public.


And what I know about that Matt Gaetz is one of the best members we had on our committee. You in my time in Congress, which has been a while. I don't know. There are very few people who have the cross-examination skills he does. And I want someone in the Justice Department who's not gonna say, moms and dads at school board meeting needs to be investigated. I want someone at the Justice Department who's gonna say it's wrong for the FBI to do a memorandum and say that pro-life Catholics are extremists. I want someone with the Justice Department who can tell us who planted the pipe bombs on January 6th, who leaked the Dobbs opinion, who put cocaine at the White House instead of all the other stuff they seem to be focused on. Oh, and then by the way, you had Stephen Miller last night on Hannity also saying that regardless they were gonna push Matt Gaetz through and Tulsi Gabbard through and RFK through and others through recess appointments.


Here is what he said. If there are some cabinet appointments that become troublesome, will the president use the recess appointment process? Yes, the president has won a mandate and he'll use all lawful constitutional means to fulfill that mandate on behalf of the people who voted for him in record numbers. Alright, And here is what Magar Republican Senator Rick Scott said earlier as well play the clip. I do. One quick question. Where do you stand on recess appointments? Mitch McConnell, it's reported, has said that there's not gonna be any recess appointments. Would you support recess appointments?


I think we've gotta do everything. Everything's gotta be on the table to get Donald Trump nominees approved as quickly as possible. When Trump became president in January, 2017, his nominees did not get through quickly. That has got to change. So either we've gotta get him through the Senate or if we need to do recess appointments, we should do recess appointments. So that is where we are at, folks, the Magar Republicans going all in on covering up sex trafficking allegations. I just wanna be very clear, okay, if, if, if there were anything that would have demonstrated that Gates didn't do this, don't you think they would've released this report? Don't you think that would've been made public then? So they are knowingly covering up sex trafficking allegations with very specific details to try to help Matt Gaetz.


That's what the Republicans are doing right now. And Donald Trump is, you see all of his moves right now, quite literally picking people to lead the cabinets, who will destroy the departments, destroy the government. That's his goal. What did you think he meant when he said retribution? He's gonna destroy the United States of America. You see him doing it right there. So wake up people. 'cause that's what's happening right now before our very eyes. And if that doesn't piss you, I don't care what political party, you're not owning the Libs by having a sex trafficker. Be the attorney general. You're owning the co. You're owning yourself. You're acting ridiculous, disgraceful, shameful. I'm Ben Marcellus.


This is the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe. We need to get to 4 million subscribers immediately. Let's grow this network as big as we can because corporate media ain't doing any favors by the but make sure you hit subscribe right now. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter. Post Malone presents the big ass stadium tour with Jelly Roll and special guest Sierra Farrell in select cities. Presale for city card members is available now@livenation.com.