
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed Or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock. Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply


When you check out at the pharmacy. You see the journey from Idea to Medicine thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at PhRMA dot org slash ip works wonders.


Ryan Reynolds here for Mint Mobile. You know one of the perks about having four kids that you know about is actually getting a direct line to the big man up north. And this year he wants you to know the best gift that you can give someone is the gift of Mint Mobile S Unlimited Wireless for $15 a month. Now you don't even need to wrap it. Give it a try. At Mint Mobile dot com slash switch $45 Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes on unlimited Mint Mobile dot com for details.


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year's. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the opendoor app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California, an Open Door brokerage, LLC in its other markets, terms and conditions. Apply


this holiday season. Surprise everyone on your list with the best gifts tickets to see their favorite artists live. Choose from thousands of concerts and comedy shows, including Mariah Carey, Merry j Blige, Matt Matthews, Metallica Thomas, Rhett Trans Siberian Orchestra, Sarah Silverman, and so many more. Share a memory together or give a gift they'll never forget. Find the most exciting gift for every fan at Live Nation dot com slash gifts. That's Live Nation dot com slash gifts


On this vote. The a's are 1 74. The Nays are 2 35. One voting present, two thirds not being in the affirma, the affirmative, the rules are not suspended and the bill is not passed. Utterly humiliating for Donald Trump and Elon Musk right there. As 38 Republicans voted against the Trump Musk and MAGA Mike Johnson Frankenstein and Bill that replaced a bipartisan agreement to stop the government shutdown. You saw it there. That was the moment where 38 Republicans stood up and said, you are not bullying us.


Elon Musk and Donald Trump. The bill failed 1 74 to 2 35. Now you remember the sequence of events right here. There was a continuing resolution that was agreed to by Democrats and Republicans. Then Elon Musk started posting yesterday, kill the bill with Samurai Swords. He called the bill criminal. He said that anybody supports it is going to be primary. Then Trump swooped in and said, look, we could only support a continuing resolution to stop a government shutdown if the debt ceiling is abolished. So Donald Trump and all the MAGA Republicans who previously said that the debt ceiling should not be raised when President Biden was trying to raise it.


And then a deal had to be struck with Kevin McCarthy are now saying, not only should the debt ceiling be raised, they're basically saying the whole concept of the debt ceiling should be abolished. And so even magar Republicans like Chip Royer like so wait a minute. This whole Doge thing about reducing the deficit and cutting back on debt. So the Magar Republican plan was to kill a bipartisan continuing resolution and to change it based on Elon Musk and Donald Trump's request. Something that was going to increase the debt immediately by $5 trillion. This right here is a magar Republican chip Roy who's on the house floor saying, what in the hell are you doing?


Donald Trump and Elon Musk Watch this Fact of the matter is $330 billion. Congratulations. You've added to the debt since you were given the majority again on November 5th. It's embarrassing. It's shameful. Yes, I think this bill is better than it was yesterday on certain respects. But to take this bill, to take this bill yesterday and congratulate yourself because it's shorter in pages, but increases the debt by $5 trillion is asinine. And that's it precisely what Republicans are doing. I am absolutely sickened by a party that campaigns on fiscal responsibility and has the temerity to go forward to the American people and say, you think this is fiscally responsible?


It is absolutely ridiculous. But then Donald Trump and Elon Musk started attacking magar Republican chip Roy and saying that he was a phony and he's just in it for himself. But it wasn't just Chip Roy. There were 38 other Republicans who voted against this new version of the continuing resolution. Then maga Mike Johnson gave a press conference and MAGA Mike Johnson said, okay, don't be fooled by Republicans wanting to increase the debt limit because this is actually something that we're trying to decrease by increasing, it makes no sense. Watch this, We we know what we are to do. We're we're determined to do that.


And even though this vote would push the debt limit to 2027, it in no way reflects any lack of enthusiasm on our part. To get about those serious cuts for the American people, we have to have fiscal responsibility as a core principle of our party. So that's what the, the house Republicans are committed to. Every single one of them, we will get together and do that work. And it begins in early January. And here MAGA Mike Johnson just looks absolutely terrified and he's like, this is just Washington. This is what you do. No MAGA Mike. This is what Elon Musk is directing you to do. Who's controlling our government? A billionaire unelected bureaucrat who's ordering and basically running the government.


Take a look at Mag and Mike Johnson here play this clip. Everybody. Here's the house speaker Mike Johnson. This is Washington. This is how the the lawmaking is done. It's a long process. Sometimes it takes a while to reach consensus, but we are gonna do the right thing here tonight. Hakeem Jeffries wrote the Musk Johnson government shutdown. Bill has been soundly defeated MAGA extremists in the house. GOP are not serious about helping working class Americans. They're simply doing the bidding of their wealthy donors and puppeteers. Gotta give credit to Democratic Congress member Jared Moskowitz, who calls it out so perfectly right here. Let me bring you Moscowitz.


Play this clip One minute to the gentleman from Florida. Mr. Moscowitz, The gentleman from Florida is recognized For one minute. Thank you, Mr. Speaker. You know, denial is not just a river in Egypt. Let's talk about the last two years. It was the Democrats who raised the debt ceiling, not the Republicans last time. Many of you voted against it. It was the Democrats who kept over the government, not once, not twice, but every single time we needed to keep the government open. It was the Democrats who kept the government open. More of us voted for it than you. And all I've heard for the last couple weeks about it, this giant mandate, landslide, trifecta, put on your big boy pants, pass your own bill.


We're we're only here. We're only here because you guys can't agree amongst yourselves. That's right. So hold on a second. Hold on a second. Democrats will keep government open for the American people. We will mediate the disagreements between that side of the room and that side of the room. We will do that for you, but you gotta at least invite us to that meeting. So if you want us to solve your problem, 'cause you can't agree amongst yourselves, reach out. Thank you, Mr. Vi. Time has Expired. The Gentlewoman reserved.


I'm sure you may have seen me in the past on the podcast drinking some coffee, but you know what? It was giving me the jitters. I was having trouble sleeping. I was having so much coffee, but I found an alternative that tastes incredible. Introducing Mudwtr water. So as the chilly days of winter roll in and the holiday rush begins, it's easy to forget about taking care of yourself. Enter Mudwtr water, a soothing it, energizing coffee alternative that helps you stay sharp and balanced through the busiest time of the year, made from a blend of chai and cacao and coming adaptogens like lions made reishi and some Chaga Mudwtr water gives you a natural boost without the crash or coffee jitters Mudwtr water. It's like your holiday self-care ritual in a cup packed with antioxidants and wellness benefits that nourish your body while keeping you centered and clearheaded through the chaos of the season. And as you prepare for the holidays, it makes the perfect stocking stuffer for anyone in need of a little extra self-care. So whether you're powering through gift wrapping, decking the halls, or simply enjoying a quiet moment to yourself, Mudwtr water's the ultimate way to bring balance and calm to your winter and holiday routine. So can you do me a favor? Give Mudwtr water a shot and save big, because our listeners get up to 43% off your entire order, free shipping and a free rechargeable frother. So head to MUD wt r.com/midas. When the survey asks, please support our show and tell them we sent you. Give Mudwtr water a shot and save big, because our listeners get up to 43% off your entire order, free shipping and a free rechargeable frother. Head to Mudwtr water.com. That's MUD wt.com/legal AF. When the survey asks, please support our show and tell them that we sent you.


And then here is Democratic Congress member Hakeem Jeffries talking about this as well. Let's play the clip. The Musk Johnson proposal is not serious. It's laughable. Extreme MAGA Republicans are driving us to a government shutdown. Democratic Congress member Jamie Raskin says this holiday season, house Republicans want to break a bipartisan deal and furlough millions of hardworking federal workers, including 50,000 in my district, who placate the richest man in the world, president-elect Elon Musk and his VP JD Vance. I voted no.


And as Jake Sherman who covers the Cummings and goings on Capitol Hill, he says the following, look, house Republicans are a long way from solving this problem that they created because Samurai sword wheeling, Elon Musk and Donald Trump said, kill a bipartisan bill. As Jake Sherman says, house Republicans are a long way from solving this. A technical point to mention, as of now, 8:05 PM when he wrote this, the house GOP leadership has not given itself same day authority. This means it will be difficult for them to pass a bill tomorrow under the simple majority threshold.


And as you heard, Congress member Democrat, congressman, democratic Congressman, Jared Moscowitz, said, look, we've bailed you out before. Good luck. You do it on your own right now. If you wanna be adults and have conversations with, we'll help. But if you want to be Samurai sword, wielding maniacs and just try to give all these handouts to your billionaire oligarch friends, we are not going to be there to help you. Finally, democratic Congress member Garcia, here's what he is gotta say, play the clip. Oh, Congressman, this has been something to watch today. And I, you know, it, it is interesting. There are conservatives who like to refer to the Democratic Party as the mommy party and Republicans at the as the Daddy party, but they seem to, at this moment have two daddies, two alternate daddies.


And it's not clear who's the daddy in charge it. It feels like it's Elon Musk, but is that the way it feels on the hill? Absolutely. I mean, I think we are beginning and witnessing the start of the Elon Musk presidency. There is no question. And Donald Trump has been regulated. Now the Vice President to Elon Musk, new administration, the Republican Party here in the house completely bent the knee to Elon Musk. He says something, they jump and it's just in insane and crazy that a deal that had been negotiated by Speaker Johnson and Hakeem Jeffries and the Senate was completely tanked because of Elon Musk sending out messages on X into social media platform.


And so this is complete insanity. There is now this new, new administration developing at the head being Elon Musk. And the fact that we have now the richest man on the planet dictating what the United States Congress should be doing is completely insane, dangerous, and Americans should be very concerned. So there you have it, folks, a humiliating defeat for Donald Trump and Elon Musk, after they killed the bipartisan bill, had this thing get put in instead. And again, this thing like, you know, basically what, what did it add? It, it added a it, it lifted restrictions on investment in China.


I wonder who would benefit from that? Right there. And they wanted to remove the debt ceiling so that Donald Trump could do tax cuts for billionaires. Oh. Oh, okay. Guys didn't work. Democrats standing up and pushing back. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Love this Video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash Newsletter.


This holiday season. Surprise everyone on your list with the best gifts tickets to see their favorite artists live. Choose from thousands of concerts and comedy shows, including Mariah Carey, Mary j Blige, Matt Matthews, Metallica Thomas, Rhett Trans Siberian Orchestra, Sarah Silverman, and so many more. Share a memory together or give a gift they'll never forget. Find the most exciting gift for every fan at Live Nation dot com slash gifts. That's Live Nation dot com slash gifts.