
You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a On price They have my favorite brand. Just like a whole new bu Ah, I I'm saving so much. Yeah. Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals you'll love Burlington. I told you. So.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are, Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Donald Trump's announcement of tariffs on automobiles has absolutely pissed off the entire world, including Japan. Japan now says every option is on the table against Trump's 25% car tariffs. Japan's government warned on Thursday of a significant impact on its economic relations with the United States and on the global economy because of tariffs announced by Donald Trump. Quote, we believe that the current measures and other broad-based trade restrictions by the US government could have a significant impact on the economic relationship between Japan and the us, as well as on the global economy and the multilateral trading system trading a spokesperson for the government.


Said also, now as you're watching Japanese TV news programs, certainly a pivot from how they were previously covering the United States and how they're dealing with US Japanese relations, which seems to be entering into a period now of instability due to Trump and must hear the commentators suggest that Japan, like Europe needs to think about a foreign policy that does not rely on the us. And of course, this is all happening as there is a coalition of the willing meeting in France with Emanuel Macron and other leaders standing up with Ukraine. Then earlier this month, Donald Trump made the following aggressive statement towards Japan.


Let's play this clip Japan. But we have an interesting deal with Japan that we have to protect them, but they don't have to protect us. You know that that's the way the deal reads. We have to protect Japan, and by the way, they make a fortune with us economically. There's another case, but we have to protect Japan. But under no circumstances do they have to protect us. I actually ask who makes these deals? The wa You make those deals, by the way, in your previous administration, by the way, the Washington Post headline is Japan, a car making giant moles appropriate response to Trump tariffs. And they are thinking how they are going to retaliate. Why don't we call in the former ambassador to Japan, rah Emanuel, also former mayor of Chicago, also former chief of staff to former President Obama Ambassador.


What do you make of all of this? I mean, you, you know US Japanese relations better than anybody. What do you make of all this? I would take it at two points. First, Japan's the number one foreign direct investor in the United States for the last four years consecutively over a million Americans or a million Americans work for Japanese companies and nearly half of their investment goes to manufacturing. So it's a kind of, you know, we're gonna kind of be Pennywise in dollar foolish here. Second, you know, Japan hosts the largest military footprint the United States has anywhere in the world. It's the only country that has a permanent aircraft carrier. It is in the, it is the long pole in our deterrence against China in the Indo-Pacific.


And so, you know, nothing stays just in the economic lane. It's a relationship. So that means national security, diplomatic support, it means political support and it means economic support and integration. Second, imagine this when the United States wants to put further sanctions on China as it relates to export controls for high tech. The only way it's successful is Japan, Korea, Taiwan, the Dutch stand, shoulder to shoulder with the United States. They're gonna think real hard about whether we should stand with the United States or allow our companies to continue to export to China. So, you know, relationships don't just have one length. It's a series of things. You weigh equities against each other.


So I think this is very shortsighted in this approach. There's a way you could have approached as we did in years past, both when I worked for President Clinton, we did the five pillars on trade, et cetera. Japan now is the number one, as I said, number one, foreign investor in the United States. Nearly a million Americans work for them. And of those half are in the manufacturing industrial space, the exact jobs we want in the United States. So ambassadors, you see it as Donald Trump just going around. Let me attack Canada then. Let me go after the European Union, then let me go after Japan. Let's try to destroy all one. The economic relations of the United States, as in two all geopolitical security. Well, Well, let me be clear. It's not like economic relations don't need to be reformed, change altered.


But what we're, what we're successfully doing is breaking. Nobody has successfully in this administration yet built, we're very good at the breaking part, the building part you have yet to see. And if the whole idea is that out of the Zenith is gonna come some new world, as he says, it's gonna be Liberation day, this is a country that has, as I said, is creating manufacturing industrial jobs in the United States. What are you looking at? Where is this zenith? Describe it. Who's coming outside of you? Say it's gonna happen. In fact, give you an example. Japan has increased, gone from 1% to 2% of their GDP will go to defense. It's the third largest defense budget in the world.


United States. China, 99.9% of that budget is gonna go into purchasing equipment. We're gonna be the largest. What if Japan decides to start partnering with Europe? That means we're gonna lose manufacturing jobs inside the military, industrial part of the United States. What if they decide to cut back on the F 35, the Patriot, the cruise missile, and they're gonna say, we're gonna partner and do that with Europe. You're gonna actually lose manufacturing jobs, not gain them. So this is, I I know it comes as a shock. Sit down. I wanna be able to do this gently. This is not thought through. And other national security concerns as well from Donald Trump. From Donald Trump saying things like, maybe we'll give degraded versions of the F 30 fives to allies.


'cause they may not be allies. Two, of course, signal Gate. And while I got you on the show, I gotta get your, I think one thing, can I do one thing, I don't mean to interrupt, but having been a person on the ground helped create the trilateral between the United States, Japan, and Korea. And it was historic because it showed a united front in a clear, credible deterrent against China. China was very nervous. Now that we have decided to pull back, step back and beat our allies like their adversaries, China is in the middle of having now had two meetings, both with Japan and Korea jointly on both the foreign policy, diplomatic front and also on the trade front. So they're gonna reap all the advantages that we had built between the United States, Japan, and Korea.


And so we're literally hurting not only our allies, but hurting our po, the credibility of our deterrence against our number one threat. China, sorry about that. Speak to That because you, because, because you negotiated that. Speak to that because people, I talk about it on the show a lot, how China's moving in and filling the void, both in terms of bricks and also reaching out outside of bricks with people and what countries that formerly allied with the us Here's what you should note. Ever since the United States in Ukraine showed a weakness and a vulnerability towards Putin, that very weak. Or two, a week later, China did an unprecedented naval exercise against Australia.


Our ally, they had a shut down civilian air tra cra air traffic near Sydney. They did an unprecedented move against Japan in the city of Japan. They did it against Vietnam, they did it in the Philippine area and they did it on Taiwan straits. So they see weakness, weakness invites aggression. You have to be smart about your deterrence. But it is not an accident that both, while China is talking to Japan and Korea, which are very important allies, they project our po our power. They reinforce the basic message of the United States, that we are a permanent Pacific power and presence.


You can bait long on us versus China's theory. We're the rising power. The United States is declining power. You either get in line or we're gonna get, you're gonna get coercion. And in this situation, we built something that is a fundamental, restructuring the strategic landscape of the region, enhancing America's credibility of its deterrence. China took note of it, now all of a sudden the administration's walked away from it and China is stepping into that void and taking all the benefits and all the fruits of our hard work. I gotta ask you about Signal Gate. Of course, you are a former chief of staff to former President Obama. What do you make of all of this and what would've happened? Well, that would never have happened with you there, but what do you make of it?


Because your perspective here, you know, needs. I actually watching this unfold in the last 48 hours, I think the Trump administration's national, the moniker on their national security will be dumb and dumber. It'll be the reissuing of a old classic. And I can't, I look at this and think about other instances. Did you think this was happening when we were planning and preparing for Osama bin la I was in the situation room with the president in the first seven weeks of his administration. We had a meeting in the situa small situation room, not the big one, on how to handle the pirate situation, which the US ship was taken. And we dealt with it. It was four of us, president, myself, Tom Donlin, deputy National Security Advisor, and and de and a national security advisor, Mr. Jones.


He made a decision on Friday night. That was the execution in a secure area. If you had done this, when we were preparing to put our men and women's boots on the ground in Pakistan, in the preparation for the exercise that the president planned for the capturing or eliminating Osama bin Laden, there was six months of preparation, nothing leaked. It was not on a public di, there was a security. There's a reason you have these planned secure, A, the element of surprise, the ability for our men and women in uniform Air Force, Navy, otherwise Marines, to execute the mission that the cha commander in chief details them with.


That surprise is a piece of your security. If what they're saying is true that Jeff Goldberg figured out how to get on there on the on his own, that means China, Russia and all our adversaries that are trying to harm the United States can get on there. So that's crap. So I, they have earned a reputation as the keystone cops of the reissuing of the movie. The moniker on the national security team will be dumb and dumber. And you can figure out who plays dumb and who plays dumber. What do you make of the coverup? Where now they're saying there's nothing on there that was classified. These, this is normally what happens. No, no classified information. You've seen classified information.


You can say with a hundred percent certainty that was classified. Right. One of the things that we dealt with a lot on during President Obama's time, and I, there were different moments of different things with President Clinton as it relates to Bosnia, et cetera. But President Obama, when we were picking or selecting targets leaders in terrorist organizations, there was a process, a very secure process run by the national security that had intel military, you know, collateral type of damage, weighing different equities. There's none ever, none of it leaked because, you know, God forbid the heads upwards, you know, given to the terrorist to change their patterns, to change how they moved, to change the way they communicated.


If this had been picked up by Iran, they would change. And obviously if it was successful and it looks like it was successful operation, they would've notified the individuals we were trying to target the missile. The person for the Houthis said, operates their missile program, which is what we're trying to degrade, if not eliminate. And this gets back to something I also said. They talk pathetically using that their term about our allies, who actually the uk, Canada, the 51st state, Denmark, the colonial power of Greenland, the Dutch Aussies, Kiwis, and Bahrain are all been part of an operation since January 12th. Those are our allies standing shoulder to shoulder.


The people that are freeloading are president, president Trump's allies, Russia, China, Belarus, and North Korea. They're the ones that ships haven't been hit. And if you think that's an accident, I gotta bridge over the tigers forever. You buy, we, this administration doesn't know who an ally and adversary is the freeloaders. Our president Trump's allies, the allies of the United States of America are the ones that are not pathetic, but are actually are risking their own servicemen and women on behalf of the freedom of cease. So the freeloaders are our adversaries. Those defending the freedom and navigation are our allies. Gotta ask you about your thoughts on this Doge Elon Musk wrecking ball to the federal government attacking veterans.


What, what, what, what, what do you make of it? You, Yeah, one of the things, I mean, look, all we know right now is what's broken. And I will just as a, I'm surprised none of the Republicans have said, whoa, if I was in leadership like I used to be in Congress, they have grandmothers sitting on the phone for five hours with nobody to answer that for their social security check. They are breaking. That is if your husband dies, you're trying to secure your benefits and your check. They have ruined the system.


Now I think this is gonna be a u it has a potential from, there's both a political standpoint and a policy politically. The Republicans aren't gonna own this. If I were the Democrats, I would press this issue right now on the floor and there's plenty of time to do it while all there's stuff about Signal Gate, et cetera. But I would prepare an attack on the way they have hurt our grandparents and their retirement security that they earned. They're sitting on call centers for five hours with nobody picking up the phone. That's also true at IRS. So all they know how to do, and then remember, I think Colin Powell told George Bush, you break it, you own it.


That's gonna be true here too. So all we know is what they know how to break. You have yet to tell me where the savings are and what they've actually is a better service before. Whether that's the veterans' benefits, whether that's gonna, today you're asking me the day in which we're gonna lay off all these people on healthcare. There's gonna be massive re impacts on cancer, drugs, HIV drugs, other types of things. And also delivering services to seniors that rely on Medicare seniors and poor people that rely on Medicaid. And so breaking is easy, building, very difficult. And you're gonna see that, and the Republicans are gonna own it also in the midst of what is a desire by the president for a recession and his economic theme, You think he actually has a desire for, does he want a recession?


I, I don't know why he said it, but, well, first of all, I don't know if he wants it, but I worked for President Obama when we inherited the, what's called the Great Recession. And it was this close to going and tipping into a depression. We stopped it, pulled the economy back. I worked for President Clinton who inherited a recession. We worked as an administration. The presidents led them to pull the country out of a recession and to then build an economy that became, in both cases, examples of great growth and J job creation. This administration, through their tariffs and chaos are driving a health. And we just got today, you're asking me today, they showed the report the economy was doing well and had forward momentum.


Tariffs go up 4 0 1 ks go down, peak consumers have pulled back. And the, when the consumers pull back the economy tips over sta straight. And he said, well, there could be a recession. I've never seen anybody be so cavalier with people's own personal economy and, and that economic security for the working middle class of this country that he said it, I'm using his words and his treasury secretary, is that ac They basically, oh, that, that could be the consequence. I don't know. I work for two administrations tirelessly that worked every day, 24 hours, seven days a week, 365 days a year to get out of a recession and to build the economy.


You have an administration that shrugs their shoulder and says, well, there could be a little pain here. Well, if you have 11 billionaires in your cabinet, what do they know about pain for a family that can't make it to the 31st of the month on their paycheck and is trying to get it to Walmart or to Target. And they are buying less and less and less as noted by the Walmart, Walmart, CEO. This is real economics. And I think one of the things that's missed in the past is those who are doing well, we're actually healthy as consumers. The rest of the consumers in our society, we're actually living in a recession. Our job is to help them economically, not hurt them.


Finally, what should Democrats do? I mean, I if you were in leadership Finally last question, the bonus Question. Last question. The the easy one. Yeah, Well look here. Here's my thing. America today is less safe. The economy is less stable and our future is less secure. Our obligation, because the middle class have been betrayed, not just now, but in the past. And the American dream is unaffordable to the American people, it's inaccessible to the American people. And for us, that is unacceptable. We're gonna work tirelessly. We didn't get here overnight, but we're gonna work tirelessly to get us out. And this is an administration not only that has betrayed you, but is corrupt to its core.


And that's what I would do. And I would start with things like social security. I would start with things like Medicare and I do think we should remember, well, there's a lot of old focus and energy on Washington. It's kind of a tale of two parties. What's happening in the rest of the country. You can see by these special elections, Democrats at the ballot are strong, vibrant, and aggressive. Washington needs to understand that and be strategic in its direction of the demarcation between the United, the Trump administration, the Republicans who are blindly falling in line versus a party that offers not just, we're not anti-Trump, but an alternative of what we're gonna do for the working middle class of this country.


Ambassador Ram Emanuel, thank you for joining us. First time on the Midas Touch Network and I think we covered it all in 20 minutes, but we gotta get you back on soon. Thank you very much. Congratulations. Every Thank everybody. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't Get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Popowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Hey, I am Ryan Reynolds. Recently I asked Mint Mobile's legal team if big wireless companies are allowed to raise prices due to inflation. They said yes. And then when I asked if raising prices technically violates those onerous to your contracts, they said, what the fuck are you talking about? You insane Hollywood ass. So to recap, we're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees, extra beats lower above 40 gigabytes. C details.