
You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What? On price? They have my favorite brand. It's like a whole new bu Ah, I give, I I'm saving so much. Yeah. Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


Hey, Midas Mighty Ben Misel is here from the Midas Touch Network. I wanna share with you a new show we are launching right here on the Midas Touch podcast feed that's gonna be hosted by myself and Dr. Vin Gupta. We call it Midas Health. A lot of you, the Midas Mighty, have asked us questions, whether it's about the measles outbreak or whether it's about the Trump administration, gutting the Health and Human Services, and gutting other federal programs that play a vital role in your health. Of course, we want to bring to you the best experts in the medical field. So we've brought on to the Midas Touch Network, Dr.


Vin Gupta. So in this inaugural episode of Midas Health, Dr. Vin Gupta, one of America's most trusted healthcare voices, breaks down how RFKs firings at HHS will impact the health and well being of everyday Americans, crippling health agencies from doing even the most basic tasks like comprehensively monitoring the entire food and drug supply. Dr. Gupta also provides an update on the measles vaccine and actionable advice you can use to keep yourself and your loved ones safe. I wanna give you a brief background on Dr. Vin Gupta before I introduce them to the first episode of Midas Health.


Dr. Vin Gupta Gupta is a prominent American physician and public health expert who operates at the intersection of healthcare innovation and communication. VIN is likely known to many of you in his role as a frequent medical analyst on all Matters healthcare for NBC News and M-S-N-B-C. His public health communication work, especially during the COVID-19 pandemic, has earned multiple recognitions for its clarity and effectiveness, and he is often described as one of America's most recognizable healthcare figures. So, who else to launch Midas Health and host it? Then Dr. Vin Gupta.


Dr. Vin Gupta has a multidisciplinary background as a practicing pulmonologist with 10 plus years of military background in the United States Air Force Reserves, and as a technologist working on medical devices and other innovations for a range of companies. And as a researcher serving as a as affiliate faculty at the University of Washington's Institute for Health Metrics and evaluation. Dr. Gupta earned his Bachelor's of Arts degree from Princeton Medical Doctorate and a medical doctorate from Columbia, a master's in public administration from Harvard and a Master's in International Relations from the University of Cambridge.


He completed his medical training at Brigham and Women's Hospital is a life member of the Council of Foreign Relations and a national board member of the American Lung Association. So, without further ado, let me bring in Dr. Vin Gupta. Dr. Gupta, welcome to the Midas Touch Network. Thanks So much, Ben. And hey, Midas mighty. It's great to be on the Midas Touch Network and on the Midas Touch podcast, I'm gonna be a correspondent on the Midas Touch Network talking about all matters health, giving weekly updates on key issues just to make sure you and your family are informed and have accurate health information. Because you know what? It's pretty self-evident. We're not getting that from the sources that we should be getting it from, like the US government.


The information environment right now is chaotic, especially on health, and we're gonna fix that. We're gonna make sure that you have information when stuff hops in the news, like the measles outbreak, which we'll be talking about for this week's update. Or if some, if it's something unexpected like say bird flu, we'll be get making sure that you have all the information you need. I'll be keeping my pulse on current events and, and we're gonna be doing this frequently. Before I get into that, I wanted to give you a little bit of a background on myself. I'm a pulmonologist, spend about 30% of my time at the bedside caring for patients in a hospital here in Seattle. I'm a reservist in the US Air Force Reserves, specifically in the Medical Corps. Been in there for 11 years. I've deployed multiple times and it's really doing what I do in a civilian ICU up at 30,000 feet in the bay of the C one 30.


So I see American healthcare, I see patients across the spectrum from a lot of different lenses though. And what I promise to you is what I do in, in my other contributions for media, I'm gonna give it to you straight. I'm gonna tell you the truth. We're gonna focus on actionable things that you and your family can do to stay safe. So with that being said, what are the things that you need to know right now this week that are happening in health? Well, number one, I think we can't ignore the news coming out yesterday that RFK Junior is deciding to cut 10,000 people from the roles of HHS. That's a big deal, and it's gonna have real impacts to everybody, to all of us, to all of our families.


And I think we should be talking about that in those terms. How are these cuts gonna actually impact you and your families? Well, number one, he's bringing all communications under him. So no longer do the NIH to the FDA to the CDC get to actually have independence and what they talk about to the American public. They're all gonna be now responsible and going up to him, and he's gonna have a say in, in terms of what actually gets communicated to all of us. So there's gonna be a lot of bias injected into what's actually being said and communicated from all those agencies. By the way, that's not how this has been before. All those agency, N-I-H-F-D-A-C-D-C had had independence for a reason because we shouldn't be con in any way mixing politics and political appointees and their priorities with what these agencies are meant to do, which is to keep all of us safe and informed.


So that's a concern, and that concern is already playing out in real time. I'm gonna touch a little bit about me on measles momentarily, but the reality is the communications environment on health has already been completely distorted. The CDC D'S chief spokesperson resigned in protest last Friday for a reason. He wrote a damning op-ed in the, in the Washington Post on Friday detailing why, but basically saying that the American public was not getting accurate information because RFK had already co-opted all the megaphones of those health agencies to advance his own agenda, which is, as we already know, highly, highly skeptical when it comes to vaccine safety and effectiveness, highly anti-science, and frankly just putting forth a bunch of junk information when it comes to what people should and should not be doing when it comes to say, measles.


That's Sebastian nonsense. And so the communications environment is only gonna get worse, which makes this engagement even more important. That's number one, the information that we're getting from the highest sources, the highest appointed officials, you can't trust it. Number two, it's important to keep in mind that he's, he's actually reducing workforce personnel from key parts of the FDA that oversee our food and drug supply, specifically quality and safety of our food and drug supply, especially when it comes from imported sources. That doesn't make any sense. You know, I mean, we just came out not too, too long ago from a baby formula crisis where, you know, we didn't know if what was causing contamination of baby formula.


I mean, this is not even two years ago. And we are having constant issues with food ca food contamination. I mean, we talk about salmonella outbreaks in some of our produce. We've had norovirus issues, we've had, you know, multiple cases of listeria in, in raw meats. I mean, this is something that the FDA needs, frankly more manpower, more human capital to be investing in when it comes to making sure our food supply is safe, not less, doesn't make any sense. Our drug supply, we know that we rely, and we need this, especially throughout the pandemic, we rely a lot on drugs being imported from other parts of the world to make sure that Americans have what they need, whether it's Tylenol, whether it's the prescription drug.


We don't produce all of that onshore for a variety of reasons. So if we don't have enough people at the FDA to actually do critical evaluation of quality and safety of our food and drug supply, which is basically what he's removing when it comes to these cuts, when you look deep down and he scrutinize where these cuts are coming from, he's doing in these key really important areas that frankly need to be reinforced, not widowed. That worries me. And then lastly, it's this focus, this, this sort of markety type phrase that he's, that he's saying on his YouTube video yesterday that somehow the CDC is gonna return to its core focus on infectious diseases and that that needs to be kind of, its foundational cause and it needs to return to those roots.


You know, it's a nonsensical statement. It may sound good. I think he's probably fooling a lot of people when he says that and they're, they're probably just blindly agreeing with him, but it makes no sense. And here's why. For the last at least 30 years, probably dating well past the last 30 years, the top 10 killers of Americans, and frankly most people worldwide, are chronic diseases. Things like high blood pressure, diabetes being obese, smoking. It's not things like influenza or diarrheal diseases, infectious diseases. It's not any of those things. Those are important. The CDC needs to be investigating outbreaks like for example, the measles outbreak, when and where it happens, it needs to be keeping its pulse on things like the bird flu outbreak in across all mammalian species.


Luckily not humans, but, but pretty much every other species has been impacted. CDC needs to focus on that. But somehow this concept that the CDC, that that should be, its only focus completely misses the point. Legions of Americans are dying because of chronic disease. If it doesn't focus on what's killing us, then what's, what good is it? Who else is gonna do that? The answer is No one, it doesn't make sense. Don't listen to it. Question everything. He says he's gonna own the comm shop, which is not a good thing. 'cause there's gonna be no independence. There's gonna be no accountability, no crosscheck to say is what he's gonna put out actually true. Or is it just tinge with, you know, political priorities and political jargon.


Is the FDA gonna actually be able to do Its, its charge and its mission when it comes to evaluating food, especially imported food, especially imported drugs for quality and safety. I doubt it. If we're losing key personnel, I don't know how that happens. And what is, what's the future of the CDC for saying it needs a return to a focus solely on infectious diseases. Who's gonna protect us from the epidemic of chronic disease that we know is killing us? That's the focus here. And he doesn't have a plan. It's gotta be the CDC. He can't take that away. Now onto measles, where are we? You know, this last week we're, we've already across the country, across the country, we, we've now crossed over 400 cases where we've seen it continue to simmer in places like West Texas and New Mexico.


We've actually seen cases where some families have children who've taken so much vitamin A thinking it's a preventative, potentially even a treatment because of what RFK and IT former organizations have been putting out that they come into the hospital with vitamin A toxicity, which can cause serious organ damage. It's not a trivial thing. And here's the, here's the issue here. They put out all this garbage medical advice that has no basis in the scientific literature. Like for example, a healthy diet replete with vitamin A is somehow gonna prevent measles infection. Doesn't happen that somehow it's gonna be a, a substitute for vaccination.


Again, not true. And they're putting people's lives at risk. I mean, the family of, of the child that lost their life is convinced that somehow the measles vaccine was part of the problem and that it's somehow precipitating all these rise in cases. It is directly because RFK and his prior organization, the child's health defense, is putting this information out there. They're actually pedaling this. And this is not a new thing for them. They've been doing this for a very, very long time, and his name was appended to all of it right before he had to resign from that organization to then become the HHS secretary.


So, no, make no mistake what's happening in West Texas, what's happening in New Mexico and across the country. By the way, we're well past it's, or it's not even April yet. We're well past where we were in total case numbers over the last four years. We're already well past that. It's not even April. It's gonna get worse. And the reason it's gonna get worse is because our incumbent health secretary has created an environment where people think treatments for something like measles exist when they do not listen. RFK and the people around him are not practicing physicians. Pretty much everybody around him has not practiced medicine either in a really long time or has never practiced medicine.


They're not credentialed in most cases. They're not even well respected by their peers. And yet they're providing cover for him to put this information out there. Cod liver oil does not in any way treat measles. Vitamin A in select cases is used as a supplement to help in the management of, say, a child who's unvaccinated exposed and hospitalized with measles. It is used as part of our, as as an aid a as a, as a supplement, as part of our treatment approach to a child. Once they're already super sick with measles, in no way does vitamin A actually prevent the illness itself.


And by the way, where vitamin A can actually be useful in the world where people are actually deficient in vitamin A. Places like East Africa, parts of Southeast Asia, parts of South Asia, the U-S-A-I-D actually funded programs to actually help get kids that were vitamin A deficient the necessary vitamins and minerals so that they, they were no longer deficient on day one of the Trump administration. He ended those programs through cutting, ultimately U-S-A-I-D. So on the one hand we're talking about the importance of vitamin A, and yes, it has its purpose in select use cases. Not really relevant here in the uni in the United States.


'cause the United States doesn't really have vitamin A deficiency. But in parts of the world that do, we were actually doing something about it on day one. The Trump administration actually cut that funding to the ending of U-S-A-I-D. So let's be clear here, there isn't a logical train of thought. They're actually internally inconsistent in their policy. If they really cared about this issue, perhaps they wouldn't have cut the programs that are actually helping people when it comes to vitamin A and considerations about measles. So that's one. Two, let's just please keep in mind, one shot of the vaccine actually produces detectable antibodies against measles within just a few days. Remember, you can get, if, if, if you are not sure you got two shots of the measles vaccine, just get a booster shot.


If you have no proof that you got at least two shots of the measles vaccine, just get a booster shot. It's safe. It's very safe contrary to misinformation out there. And it's, it can only help you in the case of if you're, if you don't think you got that second shot. If you're not sure, if you have an immuno compromising condition, of course talk to your medical provider. That's always gonna be the default answer. But it's something that you can also be proactive on. And if you're just not sure, get the booster shot. If you're pregnant, if you're pregnant, you're unvaccinated and exposed, immediately talk to your obstetrician. We might give you a medication called immunoglobulin to help protect you. So that's something also to keep in mind.


But just as a summary here, measles, we expect this is gonna get worse, probably far worse in terms of caseloads and potentially even kids getting really ill before, hopefully it starts to subside. I'm hoping by some time in the midsummer, this is gonna take some time. Remember, vitamin A is not something that's relevant to measles and the management of measles here in the United States. We do give it to kids that are hospitalized with measles as a part of our supportive care, but in no way treats measles and in no way prevents measles. Please, if you know somebody that's taking high doses of vitamin A for that purpose, they're injuring themselves that are potentially causing significant harm to their body.


Number two, really important to keep in mind here that two doses of the vaccine, 97% effective at, at preventing measles protection is lifelong aside and very unusual exceptional cases. Like if you have an immuno compromising condition, that's where, where you might wanna make sure and talk to your medical provider to make sure that you're fully covered and really critically, if you were just not sure, if you have had two doses of the measles vaccine, just go ahead and get a booster. If you're that, if you're in that group that was born before 1957, I'm sure you've heard, well, you're probably naturally exposed. You should be all good. Listen, if you're somebody in that age group and you're worried, or you're living in the community where there's a lot of measles, just either you can do one of two things, get the measles booster, nothing wrong with it, or get your titers checked.


Those are two actionable things you can do. So in closing, there's a lot going on. There's a lot of noise. We're gonna be doing this frequently because you all deserve the best health information possible. What's happening at the highest levels of government is not acceptable. It's it's being conducted by people who've never really taken care of patients at the bedside, frankly, in the first place. So it's even more reprehensible that we're seeing this bunch of non-health experts ruining how we speak about important public health topics to the American public. We need a better, better way here. We're gonna develop it with all of you. Thank you, Midas mighty, for your trust. I look forward to seeing you again soon. Can't get enough?


Midas, check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Popowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas plus dot.