
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable. Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook. Gambling problem Call one 800 GAMBLER.


I'm looking at Iowa right now. And you may say Iowa. Yes, Iowa. I think Iowa as it's been in elections. There's a reason why it's at the start, you know, could be a bellwether, I think to determine if there's going to be a blue wave, Viv, we're gonna be able to hold Donald Trump accountable if democracy's going to prevail in Iowa. We've been seeing some interesting signs there as well. Like there. MAGA Republican senator, of course you've all seen this one. Joni Ernst getting booed when she was basically saying to everybody, whatever, who cares if This budget bill is gonna take away healthcare from 15 million people and take away food stamps and take away rental assistance and attack women's reproductive rights, whatever, we're all gonna die anyway.


Y'all remember this clip? Let's play it. So We, people are not well, we all are going to die. Sarah Heaven says, You know, when the people in Iowa are pissed, I mean you're hearing reactions like, like this. There's this, a lot of people are saying, look, it was incredibly rude and disrespectful that she would say that, but then she goes to a cemetery and then just mocks us all and then says, well, you better believe in Jesus Christ because that's the only way you're gonna get salvation. 'cause you're gonna die in a cemetery. People are like, what the hell is this? Here's an example of, of, of some of the voters in Iowa, let's play this first voter.


It was rude and it was very unc and there was no compassion in her statement whatsoever. But when she saw what Ernst called a sincere apology on Saturday, I made an incorrect assumption that everyone in the auditorium understood that yes, we are all going to perish from this earth. So I apologize, Pierce Was irate. We Should call her out and maybe refer to her as Joni Hurst from here on out. Instead of Joni Ernst Calling the apology insulting. She's videotaping herself walking through a cemetery.


And if you have lost anybody you cared about that fought courageous battle against any kind of health issue, that that's not the kind of place to make your point. What about what VA nurse Pat Kerns has to say, play this clip Angry. Doesn't begin to like describe what I feel about it. Patrick Kerns is a father of two adults on Medicaid and he says the comments from Senator Ernst felt like an attack on his kids. She, she was saying to me, she doesn't care if my kids die. You know that that's how, that's how I heard that. And I think that that's how a lot of Iowans here. That it's not that we're we'll all die, it's just that nobody that she cares about is gonna die because of it.


And, and I think that that was very telling You combine that with what happened when MAGA Republican Congresswoman Ashley Hinson from Iowa's second held a town hall back on back on May 28th. Remember this moment I was also proud to vote for President Trump's one big beautiful bill last week. This is a generational investment. This is a investment. This is your time. Okay. And then back on January 29th, Democrat Mike Zimmer flipped Iowa's Senate District 35, a district that was a Trump plus 21 in 2024, this op-ed in the Des Moines Register, Joni Ernst has lost my vote.


And you we're hearing stories from lots of people in Iowa who voted for MAGA Republican senator Joni Ernst before, and they're saying no more. No way. This has become a death cult. And you see right there, state Senator Zach Walls saying, Steve is right. I'm hearing from Iowans all across the state that they are ready to move on from Joni Ernst, let's bring in Zach Walls right now. And Zach, you're hearing from people in Iowa, and I know that you have a big announcement as well. I sure do, Ben, it's great to be with you and I'm thrilled to share with your audience that I'm running for the United States Senate because Iowans are working hard but aren't getting ahead.


And I wanna do something to help solve the problems that hardworking families are facing. And that Joni Ernst, who's apparently her plan is just wait for all of us to die. She's not solving those problems. And we need someone who will. You're making that announcement right here exclusively on the Midas Touch YouTube channel. We got the YouTube exclusive. Tell us what you're hearing though, from the voters in Iowa as you've been touring the the state. What are you hearing? Well, we've been all over and I think that what they're seeing is the failed leadership of Joni Wash Joni Ernst in Washington, and an establishment that isn't focused on actually solving the problems that people are facing. And, and we all see it every day, whether it's at the grocery store with high prices that haven't come down.


My wife and I have a 14 month old and we're paying almost as much for daycare as we are for our mortgage. Or the fact that, you know, like we heard from Jo Joni Ernst, the potential cuts to Medicaid would threaten the healthcare that 700,000 Iowans count on things in Washington aren't working for them, and it's time to make a change. Yeah, we heard the nicknames from some of those voters. Joni Hurst, I actually like Joni Washington, Joni Trump. But it seems that basically, you know, the, the only agenda that someone like a Joni Ernst is focused on is what's Donald Trump gonna do? What's Donald Trump gonna do? And you know, when I speak to, you know, whether it's leaders in a place like Iowa or just across the country, I just find that voters right now are basically saying, could we just get back to like, not the like weird political, like strange stuff that like Trump is doing and this, you know, the just what are you gonna do to fix my roads?


Yeah. What are you gonna do to make things cheaper? Like what, what are you actually gonna do as a politician that's your job and not this like weirdo cosplay routine that you're doing out there in Washington? Well Ben, one of the very first things I did after launching this campaign was meet with labor leaders over in the quad cities, which is a really important part of Iowa. And one of the things that I heard from them was the fact that we're literally seeing our, our roads and our bridges crumble, right? And these are the guys who are out there working hard to make sure that we have infrastructure that We can all use. And I think that one of the biggest challenges that we're seeing in Iowa is that Joni Ernst has become so consumed by internal party politics.


She's totally lost touch. I don't think that you can make the comments that she did or that bizarre double down video if you were actually in touch with what was happening here in Iowa. And that's a big part of why we need a change. That's a big part of why I'm running. Tell me about these town halls that you're seeing and you know, it seems that there's a lot of just organic, just people coming together, you know, in Iowa, and then you see people like Joni Ernst and others, you know, calling them, oh, these people are just paid and they're, they're funded by, you know, left wing organizations. And it's people just like, no, we're scared, like we're legitimately scared and you keep on lying to us.


Just stop it. Well, I actually had the chance to speak with one of the people who asked a question at that Hinson town hall, Nick Larson. He had this really, I thought, powerful question that, that he asked Representative Henson. And when I called Nick to talk with him, you know, what I heard from him was just deep frustration with what's happening in DC and feeling like Iowa has been left behind. And if you look at the numbers, you know, we're 48th and personal income or 49th and state GDP and a report was out just last week that had us dead last in terms of our overall economy. I think the problem is that Joni has been completely consumed by Republican politics. I'm sure all of your viewers remembered that earlier this year. They had the nomination fight with Pete Seth, and she expressed some reservations that were clearly very well founded as Jeffrey Goldberg found out and then shared with the rest of the world a few short months later.


But Joni didn't do the right thing. She didn't stand up for what she knew was right. And that's the fundamental problem with Joni. You know, she said that in 2014 she'd go to Washington and make them squeal. She promised to only serve two terms, but now a third term and she's breaking her promise to us. And so I'd say the Joni Ernst dissolve squeal no bacon. You Know, what I noticed with the, with people like Jordy Ernst is once they make that move, you know, whether it is, you know, like a HEGs or whatever it is, and they, and they shed their entire dignity, then the next move is kind of like to go all like, like they have no place other than to go full cult and to go all in because they've already, they've already dropped it.


So then they figure, well now my, my only chance is to go as extreme as possible because at least there, you know, maybe I could divide the people, you know, amongst kind of tribes within a state and just hope that the, you know, right wing maga disinformation, flooding the zone really defeats just the facts and, and, and the truth that's out there. But, but what do you say to that? What do you say at the end of the day, you know, when, you know, politics has, I always talk about it on the podcast that politics, you know, unfortunately I think has been gamified in a way that, you know, you have this side and that side and at the end of the day what you're missing is, well, who's just objectively telling the truth and who's fighting for me and who's helping me?


And, you know, and, and how do we connect that back with voters to get, whether it's people in Iowa or elsewhere, to stop voting against their own interests, stop voting against getting rid of their healthcare, stop voting to get rid of their, of, of what makes Iowa a great place. It will, Ben. Look, I would say that there are clearly plenty of Iowans in our state who appreciate or, or who, who, like what President Trump has been saying out there. That's why Iowa voted for Donald Trump in three consecutive presidential elections. But I think as people are looking around at what's happening right now, they're shocked at at what they're seeing. Just the other day I was on the phone with a friend of mine who runs a beer and wine importing business up in northeast Iowa, and he has no idea if he's gonna make any money this year or lose his shirt because of the unpredictability of these tariffs.


In my own district where I live in southeast Iowa, I was contacted by a constituent of mine named Candy who I've worked with for many years. She lives in a mobile home park not far from where I live, and her community just got bought by another out-of-state, you know, company and she's worried about her lot rent going up. I've got a buddy of mine who's a farmer just east of where I live over in Cedar County. He's a, a farmer and runs a custom spraying business. And the inputs that they use for what they do are more expensive than ever and in shorter supply because you've had so much corporate consolidation in that sector that they can't get what they need at a price that they can afford. And so what they want is someone who's gonna stand up to the administration when what they're doing is wrong for Iowa, who will be willing to work with them when there is an issue or two that is actually good for Iowa, but who will always put Iowa first.


And just like you just said, Joni Ernst is no longer that senator and that's why I'm running to get the job.


Where Can people find out some more information about you? Absolutely. If they wanna learn more, they can go to zach wahl.com. That's Z-A-C-H-W-A-H-L s.com. I'm Zach Wahl on all the major social platforms and I hope they'll consider sending a little bit of money our way and following along on the campaign.


Zach Wahl the big announcement here on the Midas Touch YouTube channel. He's running United States Senate seat in Iowa. Thanks, Zach. Thanks Ben. Everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.