
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing, to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at shopify.com/special offer


This MLB season FanDuel s Dinger Tuesday is back, And this year all customers get a profit boost to BET home runs every week. So gear up to go yard all season long on FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 Plus in President Select states opt in required bonus issued is non Withable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply, including any token expiration in max wager amount. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem Call one 800 GAMBLER Maga.


Mike Johnson is under fire from his own political party, the so-called moderates MAGA Republicans, I'm not really sure that exists. They sent a letter yesterday to the Senate Majority Leader and MAGA Mike Johnson, Senate Majority Leader Thune and MAGA Mike Johnson. Just basically saying what the Senate is doing with the budget bill is a total betrayal. You've made it worse. I dunno how you can make it much worse, but the Senate, the Senate Finance Committee managed to make it much, much worse. But there's nothing, there's no low about what MAGA Mike Johnson will say or, or not say, MAGA Mike Johnson mocked millions of Americans who could lose healthcare and says, Hey, you just need to be doing something constructive with your life.


If you're gonna be on the public wagon and you're able, you should try to help pull it. All we did was put in in there, as you all know, a 20 hour work week requirement per week. Give me a break. They're complaining about that. You either have to be working, you gotta be looking for a job and a job training program or volunteering for your community. For heaven's sake, do something constructive. How about Mag Mike Johnson? You do something constructive because there ain't no work really coming out of that House of Representatives other than taking away people's Medicaid and basically rubber stamping whatever Donald Trump wants. Lemme just share this with you all here. This is MAGA Mike Johnson. This is how they try to frame it on the propaganda of Fox where MAGA Mike Johnson is asked, what do you say to the Democrats that are pushing this narrative?


That's not true. What's a ridiculous question to ask? That's not true that Republicans are cutting Medicare and Medicaid. Like it's literally in the bill that it cuts Medicaid and Medicare and risks people social security. But go on Mag and Mike, let's play it. And what do you say to the Democrats that are pushing this, this narrative that's not true. That Republicans are cutting Medicare and Medicaid. Yeah, it's, it's of course nonsense. We had their ads taken down when they began to claim that early on in the process. We are not cutting Medicaid. We are, we are strengthening the program for the people that desperately need it and deserve it. The, the populations that Medicaid is intended to help. And that's the, the elderly and the disabled and you know, young pregnant women for example.


So what we're doing is Then maga Mike Riddle me this, why did your own party send a letter to you and Senator Thune saying that there are, they're very alarmed at what the Senate is doing and it's gonna make the budget bill even worse. Then you have MAGA Mike Brazenly lying again and saying, we're not cutting Medicaid, we're strengthening it. Just listen to whatever Trump says. He never lies, does he here play this clip. You've, look, you've got a number of provisions. We wanna make sure that we hold by our commitment that we are not cutting Medicaid. President has said that, and I've said that. We've all said that we're strengthening the program for the people who are the most vulnerable populations who really rely upon that.


You're talking about the disabled, the elderly, young pregnant women, for example. Oh, got it. They're helping the most vulnerable, not the billionaires. And that that's where their focus is on, you know, and then, you know, you've see, you've got these maga republican senators like Jodi Ernst from Iowa, and when she's asked about Donald Trump's other kind of betrayal and lie, there's so many of them. But starting a war in Iran, joining Israel in a war with Iran. But then I guess their new statement is war. War is peace. We're not really at war, don't worry about it here, play this clip.


They do not want to see a war. This is not a war. This was a strike on a threat to the United States of America, I would say as well. This is retribution Harris for the thousands of American lives that have been taken by Iran through direct strikes from Iran as well as their terrorist proxies. And Well apparently we also learned that the facilities are still largely intact. Iran's no longer meeting with the IAEA to cooperate with any oversight into their nuclear arsenal. And that if anything, things have gotten much worse. I wanna focus on how all of these policies are also hurting states like Iowa.


You saw Joni Ernst there. And so let me bring in Iowa State representative JD Scholten, who's running for senate against Joni Ernst and State Representative Shelton's, also a professional baseball player. You got the Sioux City professional shirt right there. You're at the stadium. So let me ask you this question first though, because when Donald Trump was campaigning, he did not know the difference between Sioux City and Sioux Falls. And I think, you know, it's, it's an important point though I think to bring up, which is that Washington does not know about what's actually happening to the farmers in Iowa. And to me it was a really revealing moment if you don't know the difference between Iowa and South Dakota.


So that revealed a lot to me. I mean, that's pretty consistent with what we hear from folks out in dc. We're a flyover state. And and so folks like Donald Trump don't recognize the difference between the two states. And the reality is a lot of Iowa has not bounced back since the 2008 economic crisis. You have farmers right now that are impacted by the first trade war with that during the first Trump administration. A lot of our soybean farmers have lost the market to Brazil. And so a lot of folks who are relying on, on that at for decades of trying to get into that market have now lost it in just a few years.


And we'll probably never see that again in my lifetime. That's the reality. You have Joni Ernst out there saying, why are you so focused on the die part of this? Like if you die, we're all gonna die at some point. So like, why do we, why do we care? You're gonna die no matter what. And then she goes in front of the cemetery and then she like mocks one. I thought it was so disrespectful to people's resting places, but then also, you know, mocking people's fears of, of, of dying, you know, and I don't like to go into hyperbole and talk about, you know, death cult and this and that, but it's like we know that this bill is going to have consequences on people in the state, on people's jobs, on people's healthcare and, and she like, and she mocks it and she mocks people dying.


It's it's sick. E exactly. It's so disrespectful of what she said is in that quote unquote apology. The the reality is we all are gonna die, but we don't have to die. So billionaires can have a bigger tax break. The this bill if passed is gonna devastate a lot of our rural communities. It's gonna devastate rural hospitals. It's gonna devastate rural nursing homes and ob GYN clinics and all of which are already massively consolidated and it's just gonna lead to more stress on urban health centers. And so this is gonna impact all of us, not just kick off millions of Iowa or millions of Americans and thousands of Iowans. It's off their healthcare.


It's also gonna herd all of us because the healthcare centers are gonna close. You know, Trump has this shtick where he will go and travel to a state like Iowa and he'll say, oh my farmers, I love you, my farmers, no one's gonna make you better farmers that I'm gonna make you, you'll be the greatest farmers ever. You'll be so rich. And then he lies and then screws him over. He then tries to scramble and figures out if he can get government subsidies to cover losses that are caused by the trade wars that you know, that, that he starts as kind of temporary band-aids on a solution that's unsustainable and actually building the wealth that farmers deserve in a state like Iowa.


So, so I guess how do you win and and and how and how does that work? I mean, look, you know, to your point, you know, when people think about Iowa, I think from DC they try to, you know, they view it as a flyover, they view it like this and that the people in Iowa are smart. I see the people out there in Iowa, you know, protesting at no kings. And it seems that they, that they get it. So how, how do we translate though? Like how do we get people to say, no, no, no, I know he's saying that, but he's screwing you every time he does this, he does that, then he screws you, wake up.


Well, it was interesting when I ran for Congress, we got retweeted by farmers and ranchers for Trump. You would see that in their little bio and everything. And a lot of it, because I took strong stances against anti-monopoly and enforcing our antitrust laws and having new ones, you know, I've talked to farmers who will always vote for me and ones who will never vote for me and everywhere in between. And when you, when you convey that they know they're being squeezed, they know on the input side when it comes to seeds and fertilizer and, and those costs, they're getting squeezed by a huge multinational corporation. They know on the market side they're being squeezed by a multinational corporation. You have JBS who Brazilian owned, very corrupt, charged with over $256 million worth of fines because they're so corrupt to give the Trump inauguration $5 million more than all those billion tech billionaires that were front row and center.


JBS gave them more for that inauguration. And now the Trump administration's trying to waive some of the laws. We have to protect the, like the foreign corruption act. So, so JBS can have more benefits to 'em. It's a pay to play situation. And this is something that we need to talk about because farmers feel this. You know, I think COVID put a huge spotlight on this. You had farmers getting squeezed, you have workers working in suppressed dangerous situations. You have the consumer paying the most they ever have for things like meat and different things like that. And then you have these huge multinational corporations bragging about the record profits.


They have all that happening at the same time. And so I think if we're gonna win in rural America or compete in rural America, you have to talk about things like that. At least in the Midwest. You do, You know, one of the things that I try to say too is that farmers are so integral to our country. The very fabric of our country is built on farmers. And I always say that really what Donald Trump and Maga and people like, to me, journey Ernst are doing is they're using farmers as props. And by the way, it, it's, I understand at some level that, you know, it's exciting to be on TV and to, you know, to have the shiny lights on you and to have someone who is the president or whatever, you know, put their arm around you.


But you know, the, the question is this, as you look back at Trump's 2016 campaign, as you look at what he's doing now in 2024, you know, you always ask like, are you better off? And you know, it just seems that over and over again, farmers are used by Washington, by Trump to get the photo op of himself next to someone who looks like a farmer, you know, who's out there, you know, and, and so Trump can say, you see, look, look at me. I care about these people. And then they not only disappear, but then they undercut the market by going to Brazil or China or elsewhere and throw the American farmers under un under the bus.


I'll give you the final word on, on, on what you think our audience needs to know. Well that's exactly right. And that's why we talk about fight, fix, secure every single day, fight for universal healthcare, fix the economy so it works for everyone, not just the billionaires and the multinational corporations. And secure our democracy from the billionaires and, and special interests that are dictating things. So if you wanna follow our campaign, you can go to Scholten for iowa.com. All our socials are on there too. What we're creating something special here in Iowa. This race is right for an upset. And so I just hope folks can follow along because some special is brewing. Jd, where can more people find out about you in your campaign?


Yeah, you can go to Scholten for iowa.com. Everybody check it out. Good luck in the game tonight. Who are you playing? The Winnipeg Goldeyes. So Winnipeg, we just got, we were in first place, now we're in second. So we gotta get it back. Good luck and everybody hit subscribe. Check out that site and let's get to 6 million subscribers. The truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100% US a union made inmate


Want the same expert advice you get from the pros in the store while shopping online at Discount Tire dot com. Meet Treadwell, your personal online tire guide that matches you with the perfect tire for your vehicle. Get your best match in one minute or less with Treadwell by Discount Tire. Let's get you taken care of.