
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply.


Great days. Start with great underwear. A Tommy John makes the greatest with Tommy John, you make each day better than the last. And with over 20 million pairs sold and thousands of five star reviews, guys everywhere, love their Tommy John. Plus, you're fully covered with Tommy John's best pair you'll ever wear or it's free guarantee. Grab 25% off your first order now at tommy john.com/spotify. Save 25% at tommy john.com/spotify. See site for details


Ready to level up. Chumba Casino is your playbook to fun. It's free to play with no purchase necessary. Enjoy hundreds of casino style games like Bingos slots and solitaire anytime anywhere with fresh releases every week. Whether you're at home or on the go, let Chumba Casino bring the excitement to you. Plus get free daily login bonuses and a free welcome bonus. Join now for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Play Chumba Casino today, no purchase necessary. BGW Group fo were prohibited by law 18 plus TC supply.


I'm seeing a lot of messages like this from business owners who for whatever reason supported Donald Trump in the election. This is from Craig Fuller who runs something called Fright Affiliated Freight Affiliated media. They do market intelligence for freight related services. He goes, I enthusiastically supported Trump's victory in the November election. I thought I was voting for a pro business policies and small targeted incremental tariffs. I did not vote for a neutron bomb to wipe out supply chains in small businesses 100 days in or Azalea banks musician who said, okay, I think it's time everyone who voted for Trump admit that we made an effing messier.


Like this is an absolute disaster. And this was after she bragged about voting for Trump following the election. You know, and then there's just things every day that just makes you, I guess, scratch your head, is an understatement. Like this. Putin gifted Donald Trump a portrait of himself raising his fist after the Butler Pennsylvania incident. And witkoff, Donald Trump's special envoy to Russia said how touched Donald Trump was by the painting commissioned by Vladimir Putin. But look, I think the business community is getting it right now. The front page of the New York magazine was this cartoon right here, political cartoon. I did not think for one second. He was going to go this crazy.


As all the Wall Street bankers see the market imploding as the US economy is now behaving like that of a developing country. We're seeing op-eds written by conservative economists talking about that. And then just the message boards you look at from the conservative message boards, and it's all people saying, I'm not too proud to admit it, but I feel stupid. Now, I wanna bring in friend of the show John Crier, your Midas Touch fan, which is great. The producer of the podcast, the Man Who Calculated Death, which I want to talk about as well, because it focuses on the scientists who built the first cruise missile for Adolf Hitler.


And these times are not too dissimilar from those times. But first off, welcome to the show. And this, what what do you make of this mess? John? Thank You so much. It's great to be here. I I I'm a, I'm to some degree amazed that some people are being that candid about it, only because we're three months in. I mean, this is pretty remarkable to a a, this is supposed to be a honeymoon. This is supposed to be Trump's honeymoon. Trump's honeymoon is very bumpy so far. And you know, the, a lot of the, the sort of more cultish aspects of Trumpism will be much, much harder to, to dislodge from people because once, because it's, it's similar to Brexit, you know, there's very few people in Britain who are, who are willing to just say, wow, that was just a dumb idea.


I can't believe I fell for that. You know, can, as, as supposedly Mark Twain said that it's much easier to, to con somebody than to, to convince them that they've been conned. John, what's your overall assessment of just what's taken place, just you personally, in the past 100 days, worse than expected? Is this what you expected that he was gonna do? How, how do you try to, you know, speak about this or, or come to some understanding of what the hell's going on? Well, I come at, come at it, even though, you know, I'm an actor, I just, I love history. I love, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, it, it, it just keeps repeating, you know, and this, this type of thing has happened in authoritarian governments in the past.


You know, bur Berlusconi attempted it most recently. You know, it, it's not a, this is not, this has happened before. And you know, he is as bad as I expected. I had pointed out before the election that that, that it won't be tanks on every corner. He'll be turning the United States into an authoritarian state through fear. It's gonna, it's, it's, it's people being scared for their jobs, people scared for their businesses, and him using the levers of, of federal power for revenge, which is what he has said he would do. He said he would do that. I mean, I didn't have to be, you know, Einstein to figure out that he was gonna be doing this. And that's why I, I think the point that you were making, which was that, you know, it, that a lot of these folks seem surprised about this when he talked about doing almost all of this.


And, and by the way, I still feel, I I have Trump supporters in my family, you know, I feel for them on some level because we, in the entertainment industry created this guy. You know, we created this image of this billionaire brilliant guy. And it was never him. He was always kind of a moron. He was, he doesn't, he still doesn't understand what tariffs, how they work on the most basic level. You know, he's, he's, you know, he's got these weird sort of this weird fox brain that's just been addled by 40 years of Fox. And so he actually believes this, this, this war to, you know, this trade war to onshore, these, these manufacturing jobs will actually work. You know, it, it, it's, you know, there's a million reasons that it won't.


And, you know, IIII, this is, this is as bad as I thought it was gonna be. You know, I think you once made a statement saying that Donald Trump is almost like a Charlie Sheen of politics. And you said, look, I, there there's charismatic aspects of Charlie Sheen. I, I liked working with the guy, but you know, there was a lot of other things going on, you know, There as well. A lot. Yes. That's an understatement. A lot of things going on is gonna be on his tombstone. We're not gonna go into that. But, you know, this malignant, narcissistic profile, you know, this personality of somebody who's able to, I think one of the words you, the things you said is like just totally full of shit.


Like someone who could be totally full of shit, but who can convince people of things to just do things against their interests over and over and over again. I mean, and, and, and you see that he talked about the cult aspect of it. So I dunno, maybe speak to that because in the entertainment industry you see these charismatic personalities who are able to, you know, get people to do things against their interests frequently. Yes. And but to be clear as, as, as many of the issues that, that Charlie faces, I, I do think he'd be a better president. So I'm not, I dunno that it's fair to to completely lump the, the two of them together.


No, what I, the thing I was pointing out was that, that at the time when I made that comment, Charlie was still just going off and saying whatever stupid tiger blood comment he was making. And you know, we, we, Trump has always been comfortable with saying whatever stupid thing he said, because most people sort of wrote him off as, as harmless and didn't hold him responsible for those things. And I think part of his allure to the people who like him is that he says whatever stupid thing he's thinking, you know, they think, well, you know, that's, that's him being authentic. But, you know, he, he, and I've always, the, the, the, the, he's that old guy at the end of the bar who thinks he knows how the world should work, but he's really kind of a loser, you know?


And, and you know, unfortunately, people bought into the mythos that, that we created in the entertainment business through Art of the Deal, which was ghost written by a guy named Tony Schwartz. You know, Trump didn't write it. He didn't write any of the books. You know, the, the Apprentice was, you know, they had to work so hard to make him look like a billionaire on The Apprentice. They had to the, you know, that boardroom was a set because the real Trump tower looked so cheesy, you know, the, the, the, it it was common knowledge in the business that he was not a particularly successful real estate magnate, but he was a fun character. And that, And that character has really stuck with people for all these years.


There's still people who are surprised that he doesn't actually have a lot of business acumen. John, why do I think the headline coming outta this interview is gonna be John Crier? Charlie Sheen would make a much better president than Donald Trump by. That's fine. Let's, let, let, let, let's, let's pivot though, to talk about your podcast and, and your podcast in general. The most recent one you produced is the Man Who Calculated Death. You're focused on a scientist who built the first cruise missile for Adolf Hitler. It then kind of goes into this murder mystery aspect as well. But this, this is your focus right now, focusing on, you know, I I think these historical parallels to this moment approaching it, you know, from this almost true crime lens to also shed light on the modern moment through these historical experiences, get you talk about this show.


I would love talking about this show 'cause it's been like the last six years of my life. It's an incredible story, but we didn't mean for it to be relevant that, that, that the story ends up having, being about a family, surviving their country, falling to authoritarianism wasn't supposed to be relevant when we started this story, but unfortunately events transpired. No, what happened was, the way this story came about is Suzanne Rico, a friend of mine, and a friend of my wife's, sort of b mentioned at a dinner party once that her, her, her grandfather was one of Hitler's most important scientists. I was like, wait a minute, I'm sorry, that's not dinner party conversation. You're gonna have to back up and tell me this story.


And it turns out she had been, her mother had died recently. And, and her mother on her deathbed had admitted that she had written a memoir, but she wouldn't be able to finish it. And she wanted Suzanne to finish it for her. And Suzanne was a journalist, she was a little anchor woman here in, at the CBS Elliot here in, in Los Angeles. And so Suzanne spent an enormous amount of her, she spent the last six years of her life researching her family's history and found this, this dark mystery sort of at the, at the heart of it, which was, was that her grandfather, who was this genius aircraft designer who never had personal bigotry towards any, anybody in particular, never, never had impulses towards authoritarian rule, became incredibly important to Adolf Hitler.


And, and did, you know, some horrifying things in the service of, of, of the Third Reich, but me at the, but at the end of the war, his wife was, was killed in a mysterious bombing. So Suzanne just took it upon herself to solve the bombing and find out who did it and why. And, and she made a podcast about it. That's one of the most amazing things that I've ever listened to. And it's, it's been lovely to be a part of it. So we all have decisions to make in Yes. The, in these moments, you know, you're seeing universities bend the knee. Yes. You're seeing universities stand up, you're seeing law firms bend the knee, you're seeing law firms stand up, you're seeing Hollywood studios bend the knee, you're seeing Hollywood studio stand up.


How do you process this moment where courage is needed? But as you go into, in the man who calculated death, the fear is real and palpable, and people are reacting to it differently. But ultimately, you know, in my view, history's going to judge where you are in these moments and, and you can't ever bend the knee. You can't obey in advance. But how, how do you think about that? Well, I, I I'm grateful that we, that we as a country have been around a lot longer than the, the Weymar Republic, Germany. They didn't have constitutional traditions and institutions built up the way that we do.


So we have some real, So it, it's not a perfect metaphor, but whenever authoritarianism is coming to your country, and it can come to any, you know, it has a, it has a few elements that are in common, some that are shockingly in common. Like the other day, they, that thing came out about the, the Trump administration trying to, trying to promote women having babies and, and coming up with trophies for women, having babies. Well, Hitler did that, and in fact, Suzanne's grandmother got one of those medals for having babies. So, you know, it, it, it, it history isn't always, doesn't always repeat, but it, it certainly rhymes.


And, and the, the big takeaway for me was watching this man and his family have to adapt to the, to the slow changes in their, in their, in their country at first, and Hitler did fascinating things. He made it easy. He, he just made it, he put small impediments in front of people at first in terms of how they were going to live their lives. And slowly it forced people to change their lives, to adapt to him. And, and it just be, it was, it was easier to become a Nazi and to be, and, and, and to, to, you know, he, it, it wasn't clear, you know, Hitler wasn't Hitler until he was, you know, we, we, we, we feel like, oh, that guy was obviously evil day one, you know, but it's like, no, it, it didn't, you know, he just seemed like a guy who loved Germany, you know, and, you know, he had a, he had a coup that didn't quite work, but he went to, to jail and, and made so many speeches that were so beautiful and, and, and, and, and got people so excited about being German again, that, that he came outta jail more powerful than he'd been before.


And, and everybody said, well, at least that guy really loves Germany, you know, but, but again, it's, it's, you know, you, you see these things and you go, oh, you know, I I, I would love to think that I'd be, you know, really brave in times like that. And I, I would love to think so, but it's really hard. They make it really hard and they make the, the consequences so much worse than just, just going along with it, you know? And, and that's why so many people did it Finally, you know, do you see signs of hope right now though? And you talk about how in the Weimer Republic it was short-lived and, you know, ultimately, you know, defeated in the war.


And we looked back on that as one of the most atrocious, if not the most atrocious thing in, in human history. It does, there does seem to be, right now at least an understanding of the historical lesson by many, we're seeing the protests, we're seeing si, you know, signs of, you know, great opposition. I interviewed earlier the head of the ACL U, for example, who's working with all these groups that have coordinated a 50 straight, a 50 state legal strategy. You're seeing federal courts not just giving in right away, although some bad rulings and some really bad rulings for sure, but not, but, but, you know, there are signs of hope. Let, let, let, let, let's leave on an optimistic note.


What do you think about That? Absolutely. I, I think there are important differences. You know, obviously we have, we have better traditions of democracy, but much longer held institutions. And, you know, it, it, like I said, it's only been three months. You know, it takes a while for, for real understanding of what's happening to filter down to everybody. I mean, you know, obviously we have the internet and you people, like you and I are, you know, keeping track of everything that's happening on a daily basis. But the vast majority of Americans just aren't. They wanna live their lives. And there's nothing wrong with that, absolutely. But I think everybody's slowly coming around to realize, oh, this guy does not actually know what he's doing.


He's actually pretty malevolent. He's actually, he's hurting a lot of people and will, and, and if the, these doge cuts are, are allowed to stand, the, the, the damage will be catastrophic to, to public health, to programs, to, you know, poverty in the United States. So, you know, it's gonna take a little while. It's gonna take a while, but I, I do believe that, that, that people are starting to fight back. People are starting to understand how to fight back. I believe it's going to take a, a people power style movement, a nonviolent people power movement that is, that is going to protest, it's gonna take large demonstrations, but, but you, we've even got conservative commentators calling for mass for general strikes.


So clearly it is starting to filter down to people that something has gone gravely wrong here.


John Crier, one of my favorite shows, two and a Half Men, but great podcast right now. And thank you. Everybody should check it out. The Man Who Calculated Death, just it's beautifully produced as well. You bring in a lot of elements and it's, it's really great. The Man Who Calculated Death, check it out. John Crier, appreciate you. Thank you so much, Ben.


Everybody hit subscribe and let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't Get Enough Midas, check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily Recaps from Ron Kowski and More. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.