
For over 50 years, Burlington's Legacy has been great deals on coats for all weather conditions. So before you're caught unprepared for the winter weather, head to Burlington for name brands, quality items, and surprising fits for every family member. Stock up on coats, sweaters, and accessories before the cold hits so you can finally stop avoiding the elements and start living comfortably warm up at your nearest Burlington location. Less than one mile away. Burlington Deals Brands. Wow.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock, Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


It's the holidays and your bags are packed. The cat sitter scheduled. What about the gifts? Sephora's got you covered with free same day delivery. Get the best beauty gifts from brands like Rare Beauty, K 18, Valentino, Glossier, and anything else in store delivered right to your door. Same day. Same day. And no minimum spend required. They'll never know you forgot who says, I forgot exactly. Offer ends December 24th. Exclusions in terms apply for Beauty Insiders only one time use available in most markets.


When you're on the go and it's time to refresh your energy, grab an ice cold Celsius Arctic vibe where zero sugar, seven essential vitamins and proven ingredients meet the pure refreshment of frozen berry. Unlike traditional energy drinks, each sip of Celsius is a perfect balance of flavor and function. So whether you're hitting the gym, the office, or your next adventure, grab an Arctic vibe at your local retailer or visit celsius.com to learn more.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify. The global commerce platform that supercharges your selling. Wherever you sell with Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps, and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/tech, all lowercase. That's shopify.com/tech.


Welcome to the Midas Touch Podcast. Don't adjust that dial or those knobs. You have Anthony Davis, you have Michael Poppa for a very good reason because, and I'll tell you in a minute, because The brothers were off doing an exclusive interview with President Joe Biden at the White House, along with a lot of our production team. And so they said, Hey, Anthony. Hey Michael. There it is. Can you fill in for The brothers? I've been on The brothers podcast, so has Anthony. We've never hosted it in lieu of The brothers. We're gonna do our best. Trust me, we will. And here's what we're gonna cover on this show, Anthony. 'cause you didn't know we're gonna do the ab I call it the Disney a BC settlement.


Bend over. Yeah. Everybody owns everybody. Trump owns a, B, C, Disney, and now George Stephanopoulos. And they've decided rather than they've decided, rather than fight the good fight for the First Amendment and for freedom of the press, they would rather pay $16 million to Donald Trump. It sets a terrible, terrible precedent. And we can't, we can't allow it. But we're gonna talk, we're gonna talk more about it then we're gonna talk about Judge Rashan and the immunity decision. We finally got it. We've got one, one down and one to go. The immunity decision went against Donald Trump, which means we're ever closer to him being sentenced. There's one more motion left. We're gonna talk about the 41 page decision that just came out with Judge Marchan.


I mean, literally as we were going on the air, then the Republicans and MAGA in the house, they've just got Anthony, they just got Manchin or Sine because one of their own victorious sparts. I thought they, she was one of their own out of Indiana, a Republican Congresswoman Congressperson has now declared that she is not going to caucus with the Republicans, meaning, and she doesn't want to be on any committees. But then strangely wrote, all she wants to work on is government efficiency and e and work with Elon Musk. Really weird, but what it does to the ever shrinking, I can't even call it a majority anymore. It's, I used to say slim majority, but we're down to, we're down to one equipoise.


Yeah. I don't even know if it's one. You and I are gonna talk about it. I'm gonna do the math with you. It may be zero, but that's, that's a new crazy development. And what's good for the goose is good for the gander. So we'll talk about what is the heck is going on in, in what looks to be another do nothing. Congress the hundred 19th coming in on January 3rd, Alexander Smirnoff getting a little international here. That's good for us. Alexander Smirnoff, he sounds tasty and delicious, but what what he really is, is a guy who was an FBI informant who lied to the FBI that Joe Biden and his son took a $5 million bribe over the spring. And that got all the oversight committee and the, and the judiciary committee on Mago all hot and bothered.


Oh, the Biden crime family, $5 million bribe because of charisma. Fake false. And ironically, the same prosecutor that nailed Hunter Biden nailed this guy. So Dan Weiss two, and I don't know what zero, but Alexander Smirnoff just pled guilty to lying about the Biden family. Too little too late in my book. And then you and I are gonna talk just at the very little Easter egg here at the top about a new show that you and I are gonna do that we call, wait for it, everybody Global AF about how the, the world is responding good, bad, or indifferent to Donald Trump and the incoming presidency.


What they can do to reign him in, or what they can do to, to salvage their own economies and governments. We're watching, we're watching European countries and countries and like Canada starting already to collapse before Donald Trump even takes office. Oh, we have so much to talk about. Anthony, first of all, good close friend of mine. You and I had a long chat yesterday. Didn't expect to be on the horn with you today, but I'm so glad to see you. How are you? I'm very well. I I, I think I've got over my depression. You know, a lot of people in this arena, undoubtedly the Midas mighty have been through a kind of a, a brief period of mourning since the election. But so many things have changed. Positive things like I heard today about David Hog, like, you know, running to be a, a politician.


I mean, these are the types of things that give me the kind of energy to continue and certainly all the messages of support that we've received, as well as the kind of resolve of, of Midas Touch and the Midas mighty. And, you know, Ben wrote that piece about really kinda not kowing to Trump or any of this drama coming outta the administration. And, and that motivated me a lot. So I am now fighting the good fight. I'm back on the horse and I am almost looking forward to taking this on in the new year. I agree with you. I, I don't know what the stages of grief were, but I collapsed them all instantly into anger. Yeah. And, and fighting back. I had a, I had a, I I've been the Miami today and I took a plane ride.


I mean, I took a cab ride to get to the airport and I had a very nice conversation with a guy who instantly recognized me from the show, at least my voice. And we had a long chat. He had his own legal AF in the back of this, of this car. And, and he gave me, as I, whenever I meet, I, I'm able to meet a lot of people in New York who know the show. He gave me a lot of confidence. And he said to me, you know what I like about you and the show, you guys aren't scared of Donald Trump. And maybe you should be, but you're not. And it gives me a lot of confidence. And we're not scared. I mean, first of all, well, we're, we're gonna talk about the a, b, C story in a second. I just wanna touch on the, the, the amazing get by the Midas Touch Network and by Ben MICUs and his brothers to have Joe Biden give what normally would be like on 60 Minutes is on the Midas Touch Network.


And there's a good reason for it. We, as an American, people can no longer trust if we ever did corporate or mainstream media to do the right thing to defend the First Amendment and the freedom of the press. Instead, they're so worried about their stock price, their licenses, their government contracts, depending upon their parent companies. And now you have this whole parade. It, you know, it's like, I, they must be given, I don't know, they must be standing in line like a cat's deli in New York to get in to see Mar-a-Lago and kisses ass. It's like Apple and Facebook. Yeah. And Amazon. Well, Joe and Ko were first in line, weren't They? Joe and Mika. I mean, they must bump into each other in the parking lot and way into Mar-a-Lago.


And what we, that means, what we've been saying is true that independent media that exists on the ecosystem of YouTube, like the Midas Touch Network and all of the channels and things that we do, is really the only place because they can't yank my license. I mean, they can try. They, they can't, they can't. I don't, I don't have a military contract with them. I don't have anything that they can take away from me. And I'm not worried about them. Like Cash Patel going after, you know, Olivia Troy with threatening ridiculous demand letters. I don't care about that. I've been a practicing lawyer for 33 years and I'll defend myself and everybody on this network for false attacks of defamation. There's a big article today, I don't know if you saw it, Anthony, do you see the article in The Times about the, the new strategy of the MAGA is gonna be Yeah.


And now that they've been successful with ABC and Disney, the new strategy is gonna be to use the investigations and defamation actions. Yeah. We Off and spoke about this as well. 'cause there was a gathering at Mar-a-Lago and Steve Bain's back in the frame. I mean, he of course is the architect of so much of this insanity, including the deconstruction of the administrative state. And, you know, he was in prison. He is outta prison. He should go back to prison. There's this whole thing with him. I mean, they, they're all, they've all got four, all of these people. But he basically talked about retribution in such clear language. And it is frightening. And I think that this is what people struggle with. It's like, is it the threat that's frightening?


Because invariably, the legal letters or the subpoenas, they don't come for ages. It all starts with just these kind of empty, veiled threats. And as you say, if you're not frightened of their rhetoric, and if you recognize that, so you know that they're cowards and ultimately in court, they invariably lose these types of cases because we don't tell lies. We just report the facts. And they are compulsive liars. And so ultimately the truth will catch up with them. I I wanna say something very quickly, Michael, about the, about the media generally, that kind of media space, you know, 'cause I used to work in the network news in, in the UK and Europe and stuff.


Everybody. I worked for Al Jazeera and I worked for Sky and various networks. It, it's so incestuous. And this is the reason that Joe and Mika were first in line to Maa Largo. You know, these people have had long-term relationships with Donald Trump. Donald Trump has been in the media for so long, 30, 30 years old. Right? And so he has been around these very same people who are news anchors, who are channel managers and owners. And you know, there, there's, they all know each other. And so there is history there, and we don't have those relationships. And so, you know, we, we start clean at this point, onwards. Well, that, Well, as we get into the a, b, C story, next, let's just look at, let's look at it this way, right?


Jeff Bezos, who bought the Washington Post and then drowned it in a bathtub, you know, democracy dies in the darkness. Yeah, yeah. It die, it die in the top because he has, Amazon has 30 billion do with a b billion dollars worth of military contracts with the US government. Jeff Bezos parties with Ivanka and Jared, they're next door neighbors in Florida, right down the street from where I'm at right now. He was never gonna allow the Washington Post to bring down another president the way Catherine Graham did. And or the New York Times did with the Pentagon Papers or with the, or with the Watergate. Never. And neither is the LA Times owner who's a billionaire who wants to, I want all views.


I want everything. Yeah. Meanwhile, you can't endorse Kamala Harris. Jeff Bezos said the same thing for the Washington Post. And, you know, these things do have an effect on the election result. And that's why, for all the people that are like thinking, you know, was this election rigged from a disinformation perspective? Pretty much, you know, yeah. So much disinformation buying an election by nature of the huge amount of money we've never seen an election that had this much money spent on it by people who are not even in politics. And Disney Let, let's now turn to Disney. Disney which owns a BC already got bashed under during the woke era by DeSantis in Florida.


Even though they sorta won that, not really. They didn't want to go through it again. Donald Trump in 2017 tried to block this is no, this is known. He tried to block the sale of CNN by Time Warner because he hated the CNN coverage and a B, C and Disney don't want to get on the wrong side of Donald Trump from a First amendment freedom of speech position. What George Stephanopoulos said in his interview with Nancy Mace, which was consistent with what a federal judge said that Donald Trump was technically a rapist, was easily defendable in, in Miami, in the courtroom that I'm in all the time down in the Southern District of Florida. We said that from the beginning on legal AF they, they were never gonna settle this case.


We said, because they're in the right. Just to bring, you know, I don't wanna talk in shorthand for the whole show. I wanna bring everybody up to speed in an interview back in March, Nancy Mace, who's a representative, a lot of people know her now 'cause she won't let a transgender mem member of Congress use the bathroom of their choice. And she's, she's, I always said, balls out on this. I read some of her, her social media posts, she's disgusting on the issue. I'll just put it at that. But she's also run for office on a platform that she was a rape survivor. It's public. She talks about it, it's part of her personal story. I have no reason to doubt it. That's not my point. But when George St. Stephanopoulos said to her in an interview, how can you support Donald Trump, where at least two juries, federal juries in New York have a judged him to be.


And then he used the R word, he should have said technical rapist, which is what the judge said. And the reason we're hung up on the semantics here and splitting hairs over something ridiculous. 'cause whether you're a sex abuser in New York, or you are a rapist in New York, I don't see how you could ever be defamed. I don't know how Donald Trump with his reputation could ever be defamed. Anyway. You have to have a, an unsolid reputation in order to be defamed. But the, the issue is this, in, in, in New York, at the time that Eugene Carroll was sexually assaulted by Donald Trump, she could not accurately testify to the jury 'cause her eyes were closed 'cause she was being sexually assaulted.


She could not tell them what part of Donald Trump was inside of her was whether she was digitally or with a penis. And so the jury said, okay, sexual abuse under the law, as it existed in New York at the time, the law has been changed. Now it would be rape. And the judge said, when Donald Trump tried the same defamation trick against Eugene Carroll to try to sue the victim in that court case, the judge says, you're not gonna, because she used the R word. The judge says, no, technically you are a rapist. I mean, that is a federal judge. So for Stephanopoulos to say to Nancy Mace, how can you a rape survivor support somebody who's been a judge to be a rapist? That's what this whole thing is about.


Right. For those that don't know. Now, Nancy Mace is ju did you see Nancy Mace's comments? Yeah, she, I mean she she has been running a whole story this week, hasn't she? I mean, she's been walking around with her arm in a, in a cast. Yeah. She said that she was shamed as a rape victim, which is ridiculous. Yeah. And then Jeremy, our producer, do you have the social media post that she just put up today or after the a, b, c first, first of view. And this is Nancy Mace and now a b, c news. We are so back 2025 will be the year of mainstream media apologies. Okay. So, And they love this, don't they? Yes. Like they, they literally revel in the idea that the mainstream media is gonna do a huge backtrack because they, you know, they've finally got their comeuppance.


Well, the what? But it isn't gonna play out like that. Well, well, what you said earlier is Right, the inter the terror effect Yeah. Of making comments like this is, is what they want. They want the media to think twice about running any story. Whereas in the past it was like, you know, we are the media. We are the fourth estate. We are freedom of the press. Forget it. That is over. And the only place left is independent journalism and independent media platforms. Because, 'cause nobody, nobody knew what you and I were gonna say today. Right. Let alone tell us what to say. Trump was asked earlier today at this press conference that he gave at Mar-a-Lago about, you know, would he seek retribution?


Would he go after? And they actually said, you know, the, the questioner basically said, would you go after the YouTubers and you know, small organizations? And he goes, well, the newspapers, yes, but we've identified some others that we are going after. And he says, yes, we have to, we have to. The problem is that, that this is the playbook of authoritarianism. And because we don't have any examples of authoritarianism in the United States from recent history, certainly these few generations that are currently watching this, you don't know necessarily that what he's saying falls under the banner of authoritarianism. But it does, this is the language of the dictators of history.


This is the language of these characters that he hates us comparing him to the, the, the, the Hitlers and the Mussolini and the Stalins. He hates that. But the reality is that if you go down the road of the press is the enemy of the people and, and saying fake news, fake news for nearly 10 years, that is gonna have some corrosive effect on the media's ability to take part in the democratic process. And a true democracy is having a free press that can hold the authorities to account. And Trump is gonna do away with that. Yeah. So we are now living in that kind of post apocalyptic world that we've been warning about.


It's actually happened. His words today confirm the fact that that is the environment we are now living in. And we used to look to, we used to look to the Soviet Union and go, well, you know, that stuff will never happen here. It is happening here. I don't know who the ppu, I, I, I think the puler surprise for journalism and investigative reporting. I don't even know who you hand it out to anymore. Right. It's certainly not in America. You can't trust any of them. Yeah. I mean, look, here's the settlement that just happened. Just to, to round out this, this discussion Ben and I did on legal AF a an update on the story. We said, oh, all right. The magistrate federal judge is ordering Donald Trump to sit for deposition this coming week and for Stephanopoulos, okay, four hour deposition, fine, do that.


And then a, b, c, you and your, you know, white shoe, you know, $5,000 an hour lawyers file your motion for summary judgment. You're gonna win on the first amendment and put this thing to bed and set the right precedent to that. You're not going to a cow town, put your neck voluntarily under the boot of Donald Trump. And instead, not only do we get an announcement of a settlement, it's $16 million, $15 million for a presidential museum. It's like, this is like, like Madam Tessa's. It was Supposed to be a, a library, but Trump can't read. He doesn Read so he doesn't read. So. Right. But interestingly, do you know why they chose the number 15 million?


No, I'm, that is the gonna hate it. That is the annual salary of, of George. That's what he gets paid every year. They reckon he is worth a hundred million dollars. I mean, I don't know why, no disrespect to journalists, but I don't know that they're worth that much money in this case. You know, they've chosen he his annual salary to, to, to use as a That's a very good point. I didn't know that one. Right. I didn't know that. Well, look, and, and, and the million, they didn't rack up a million dollars in attorney's fees. I know the lawyer that he's is using in Coral Gables, there's no way they racked it up on how limited the, the, the work's been done in this case at all on one set of motion practice. And they had a very good judge, judge Alt Nga, who I know well.


She's the chief judge of the Southern District. I knew her when she was a Miami Dade County Circuit Court judge at state court. She's very good. They had the right judge, they have the right facts, they have the right law. They just didn't want to, to tangle with Donald Trump on the way in. They wanted to make nice. And so Stephanopoulos had to agree. I'm sure they all got in a room. And the Ben just did some reporting about some secret meetings between a, b, c executives and Donald Trump at some point. And, and now you, and now you understand it all. But, but look, we're, we're gonna talk about, we'll talk a little bit more about the White House coverage by and, and why I think Midas got it. And no one else got it.


This last interview or one of the last interviews for Joe Biden, they're gonna talk about this. Breaking news happened like a half an hour, an hour before we took to the air, which is Judge Marshan as expected, ruled on and against Donald Trump. He found that the immunity decision by the United States Supreme Court from July has no impact at all on the evidence that was allowed in to the convi, to the trial that led to the conviction. And therefore he denied it. We're not done yet. There's one more motion coming. We'll talk more about that on the other side of the break as well as what is going on with the Republican MAGA zero majority now in the house with Victoria Sparts person I never heard of. And now she's, she's UK Ukrainian.


She's a Ukrainian, she actually voted against more AIDS to Ukraine. So that's a whole other Story there. Well, you know more than I do. You'll take over that one and then we'll talk about Alexander Smirnoff and things that are going on around the world. But, but one of the things that keeps this globe spinning and this Midas touch network spinning because we don't have outside investors, is our sponsors. And thank God they were all thank whoever they were all here after the election and, and double down on supporting independent and fair-minded reporting and commentary and journalism like we're doing here on the Midas Touch Network. So let's take our first outbreak.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 answers. Bull market, bear market. Will the rates rise or fall? Will inflation go up or down? Can someone please invent a crystal ball? Until then, over 40,000 businesses have future proof their business with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management inventory, HR into one fluid platform with one unified business management suite. There's one source of truth giving you the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions with real time insights and forecasting. You're peering into the future with actionable data. When you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you're spending less time looking backwards and more time looking on what's next. I use this and you should too. Whether your company is earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. Speaking of opportunities, download the CFO's Guide to AI and machine learning at Netsuite dot com slash midas. This guide is free to you at NetSuite dot com slash midas NetSuite dot com slash MEI ds.


As you know, I'm a dad n well, I've just been having the greatest time ever. Here's the thing, I never knew just how important it was. What we give our children. Typical children's vitamins are basically candy in disguise. They're filled with two teaspoons of sugar, unhealthy chemicals, and other gummy junk that growing kids should never eat. That's why HIA was created. The pediatrician approved superpower chewable vitamin. Now while most children's vitamins are filled with five grams of sugar and can contribute to a variety of health issues, HIA is made with zero sugar and zero gummy junk. Yet it tastes great and is perfect for picky eaters. HIA fills in the most important common gaps in modern children's diets to provide the full body nourishment that our kids need with a yummy taste that they love formulated. With the help of nutritional experts, Haya is pressed with a blend of 12 organic fruits and veggies, then supercharged with 15 essential vitamins and minerals, including vitamin D, B12 C, zinc, folate, and many others to help support immunity, energy, brain function, mood, concentration, teeth, bones and more. It's non GMO vegan, dairy free, allergy free, gelatin free nut free. And everything else you can imagine. HIA is designed for kids of all ages and sent straight to your door. So parents have one less thing to worry about. Like I said, I'm a dad and I wanna make sure that I give my child the best possible vitamins. And that's why I'm so happy to have come across HIA Health. The ingredients are amazing and I don't have to worry about sugar or gummy junk because HIA Health is made without that stuff and it's able to keep the great taste. Now we've worked out a special deal with HIA for their bestselling children's vitamin. Receive 50% off your first order now to claim this deal, you must go to HIA health.com/midas. Now this deal is not available on their regular website. Go to hi ya A HEA LT h.com/midas and get your kids the full body nourishment they need to grow into healthy adults.


And we are back. Alright, so Anthony are, for those that are just coming in midstream, The brothers are at the White House. Big deal. No big deal. No big deal, right? Midas Touch. Got the exclusive interview, got the get with President Joe Biden, we'll work on it. There you go. Jeremy loves this posting. And then we'll, and then it will end up on the Midas Touch Network when it is ready. So let's talk about a new order that just came out by Judge Rashan 34 felony count conviction. Anthony Wright of Donald Trump. All that's left is the sentencing. The jury spoke 12 jurors.


12 zero in New York. He got convicted 34 times. That's a lot. Then Donald. And then he wanted to have it over over overturned because of the Supreme Court's ruling on presidential immunity. So so that was his leverage, right? Well, Right. I mean, at some point after he was convicted, at no time did he raise supremacy clause issues except over a couple of witnesses during the trial. He never raised it, he never raised, raised it in motion practice. He never raised any immunity or, or supremacy clause. But then he got this great ruling in July afterwards, before he was sentenced. And he asked the judge to let briefing happening about it. The judge was about to enter this order on the 12th of November at the, after the election, the other side.


And the Manhattan DA both joined together and said to the judge, well, there's been an election, maybe that's changed some of the analysis. And that passed a lot of people off, didn't it? That that Yeah, he was ready to, he was, he already wrote this, this 41 page order that just came out. He wrote this already. He was ready to issue it on the 12th against Donald Trump. I am convinced there's a copy of it. Right. So we had to wait and the judge says, you wanna bring another motion? What's your other motion? And there's a unique, there's, there's a, a criminal procedure law in New York that allows for trying to overturn a conviction or throw out a conviction on kind of equity and justice grounds. But you gotta have these factors in order to do it.


Judge says, all right, submit your, you, you trump you submit your motion on equity grounds and you, Manhattan da, you oppose it. And that's it. It's the only papers I want. And then I'll get around to ruling on that. So that has been fully briefed and I think that's a dead loser for Donald Trump. And what I said when we covered it on legal AF is there's the immunity decision that's still out there. We're waiting on that and now we don't have to wait any longer. So 41 pages came out, I won't bury the lead. Denied. Effectively, judge reminded Donald Trump and his lawyers that they already conceded that the conduct that it's a, at the, at the heart of the criminal prosecution is not presidential.


Which takes it out of the entire kind of framework of the immunity decision from July, because that was all over official versus unofficial and what is out the outer boundaries and what's court constitutional and, and presidential function for immunity grounds. But the judge says we don't have to get to any of that. 'cause you've already conceded in your moving your motion practice that what you did before you were elected in 2016 in the conspiracy to, to bury the Stormy Daniels sex Act. I love that. This all goes back to Stormy Daniels. It's kind of brilliant, isn't it? That that yeah. That she is, she is at the center of this entire storyline. Yes. And the election interference, that one, his first round of election interference.


Yeah. And the judge says, since you've already conceded that, the only issue then for me is whether you waived the issue. 'cause you didn't raise it properly on a, you know, sign of sort of that procedural issue. And even on the merits, whether the evidence that I let in from some of your White House connected people after you got elected and some testimony after you already in the White House, whether that impacted the jury or is harmless error. And the, did you get a chance to read it? No. Alright, so let me, lemme, I don't want the audience to go pop's just talking over an No no, I'm, I'm, I'm good, I'm good. I had a chance to read it and I don't think Anthony did. So here's the ruling. The, the judge found that he, that Donald Trump did not properly preserve many of his arguments, particularly he said he, it was not preserved as to Michael Cohen, the immunity issue.


'cause he never raised it. It was not preserved as to Madeline Wester hoot, who was his executive assistant in the White House. And it was, those two were no, only Hope Hicks did they find it was properly preserved. But the judge says, I'm gonna, I'm gonna just look beyond that. I'm gonna act like you did preserve it and now I'm gonna rule on the merits. And the merits are that the evidence that came in is not, is not immune. It's not about your official conduct. It's about your, your private affairs, literally your private acts, which are not covered by immunity. And even if that weren't the case, the judge said this is what we call harmless error. Given the volume and the mountains of evidence and testimony against Donald Trump.


These little snippets from Michael Cohen about checks being written in the White House and made and Madeline hoot about scheduling meetings for Donald Trump and Hope Hicks about, we were really concerned about certain things during the campaign is it was not the reason that Donald Trump got convicted. So immunity decision is in, Donald Trump has a way to appeal it. He can take it up to the two courts in New York State courts doesn't like the rulings there. He can take it over to the United States Supreme Court. But we're still waiting on the issue of whether the second motion, I think now the second motion's dead, which is just throw it out because I won it. I mean, it's effectively that just throw out the convictions and all the jury's hard work because I won the election.


That's not how that works. So once he clears that out, here's the question for you, Anthony does, he's got time to sentence, even if he postpones the actual start of the sentence, he can actually sentence Donald Trump before the inauguration. Do you think he does? Well, I think he should. Right? And, and, and this I think is the bone of contention that came when this delay was announced a few weeks ago, is that everybody thought, well when is this guy gonna get caught up with? Because the thing about Trump and MAGA Republicans is that they're all pleading, you know, this is a witch hunt. This is a witch hunt.


But most people never have any connection with law enforcement. We, we are never arrested. We, we are never arraigned. We are never in court. We're, we are just that world. That kind of criminal world is not something that most people are ever connected to. And yet Donald Trump, his whole life has been around this. Invariably he's got away with things 'cause he has paid people off. He has enough money to get lawyers. And so, you know, he's, he's basically been able to buy his way outta trouble for decades. But that's why it's so frustrating for those of us who are law abiding, to see these kind of lifelong criminals who somehow they're so slimy, they slip through the fingers of justice.


And I, I think that that's really the hardest part or the hardest lesson from this, is that, yet again, it feels like the white male, rich and powerful are getting away with everything. And yet, you know, you go look at the number of young black men incarcerated for marijuana and it's, it's just so unjust. And, and, you know, I keep saying it and I keep defaulting back to this position that the United States really is a lawless country. And, and, and the only laws I see, or the only kind of rules as I see it, are those who can afford expensive lawyers to fight cases for them.


This is why you and I are gonna have a great new show. Yes, we are. We're gonna, we're gonna 'cause we don't agree on everything. Yeah. But we do it in a respectful way that I think people are gonna find really interesting. You and I are gonna do a show come the first of the year, beginning of the year called Global AF, where we're gonna little, little, little pitch there. You and I have been talking about it for two years. Remember? We literally Yes, we have. It was two years ago. Yes. Yeah. About how and now's the time about, about Trump's impact on the rest of the world and the rest of the world's impact on Trump and years. And how the rest of the world is, is clamoring to protect itself's from a future Trump regime's. Notice I never say the word administration because I know and that's intentional.


But, but we are, we are, we are a very short amount of time away from the inauguration. France's government looks like it could fall. Yeah. Germany's government just fell. Correct. Canada's finance minister just dropped out because of a dispute with Trudeau about how to handle Donald Trump. Yeah. Right. And left. He left Out South Korea. That's right. Right. South Korea is, is martial law didn't work. So now they're gonna, now they impeach the guy. Yeah. But this is the kind of things I think are important to kind of expand the reach of, of Midas touch and your work and my work and bring it to that next level. So everybody, we're not ready to announce a date and time for it yet. But global AF is, is on its way.


Let, let's talk about, and I wanna debate with you there, where I'm gonna have you come on legal AF to talk about lawlessness. Yes. I, I, yeah. I I, I, I just don't completely agree with you. It doesn't mean I don't Well, it's hard for you because A, you're an American, so you're institutionalized. B you're a lawyer, so you have a vested interest in justice and, and, and CCA because, but from my perspective, you know, I come from a country that is a lot less litigious than the United States. People do not sue each other. It, it just doesn't work like that. And, and you know, here just to hear like states suing each other and weird stuff like that.


Yeah. Or it just, it just makes no sense. We're all supposed to to be on the same team. Yeah. We'll save it for global AF but when I was a global head of something, I had a fair amount of litigation that I supervised in the uk, but We'll, It's like copyright and patent law. Yeah. Yeah. It's financial services stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And, and financial services is all that really comes out of the UK and, and, and, and weapons of mass destruction. But that's about it. You know, Well, at least your country and is productive and what's not productive. Look at, look at this segue. Yeah. Is gonna be the hundred 19th Congress. I thought the hundred 18th Congress was a do nothing Congress. Wait till you see what's on the, what's on the menu for the hundred 19th. You if Mike Johnson, he thought, well, all right, I got my four or five, whatever it was.


As we're waiting for Cal invariably for California Yeah. To finally get it's, I dunno why it takes so long for so long for them to count vote. But finally, San Diego was still, was still going a couple of days ago, Wasn't it? Yeah. The dust finally settled and it looked to be three or four seat majority. And then Donald Trump decided to put Elise Stefanik in as UN ambassador. And she's, and the governor of New York is, is Democrat. So there goes, so now you, you had a three seat lead or, so Elise, the phonic is gone, then he decided to, to put, lemme get my list. Right. Who else? There's two more that he put in. He put in Mike Waltz as National Security Advisor and, and Lori Cha Chavez as labor.


So there went, there went the lead. And now you've got Victoria Sparts who I want you to talk about. Yeah. Because you seem to know a lot about, or a Republican from an Indiana congressional district who had the weirdest, if Jeremy has it, let's put it up. Has the weirdest social media post I've ever seen. I am not, I'm gonna stay a registered Republican, but I'm not gonna caucus with the Republicans. Meaning she's not gonna vote with them until I see that Republican leadership in Congress is governing. Well, good luck. 'cause the hundred 18th didn't govern. They they did a lot of investigations. They did a lot of hearings. I learned a lot about, you know, hunter Biden's, you know, pictures and Laptops. Yeah. And his laptop. Yeah. But then put it back up for a minute, Jeremy.


So I can read it. I do need to be involved in, in, in circuses. I do not need to be involved in circuses. I'd rather spend my time helping Doge, that's Elon Musk, department of Government Efficiency and representative Thomas Massey to save our republic as was mandated by the American people. So weird. That's from Ron Philip Kowski of our, of our Midas touch network. Because here's what it means just to unpack that. If she's not gonna go on committees, which, which is where all the hard work comes from. It's on committees, voting things out of committee, until then it gets to the floor. It shapes our laws. So if you're not gonna be on committees like Marjorie Taylor Greene wasn't, wasn't either for a lot of, a lot of time there and you're not gonna caucus with the Republicans, meaning they can't count on your vote, then effectively she is the mansion and cinema of the, for the Republicans because they, that, that just for me means that Hakeem Jeffries is effectively the speaker of the house.


'cause they're not gonna get anything big passed in the house without the Democrats. And they And how many times did Democrats bail out the Speaker Johnson and the Republicans in the last year alone many times. Well, he, he, he knows that he needs them. And so it's hard for Speaker Johnson because he tries to play the tough guy. But he ain't a tough guy. As we know. He's kind of an impish, wimpish, little rumple stilt skin of a character and with, with who has his son check out his social media apparently to make sure that he's not looking at any adult sites. One of the weirdest stories I ever read. But but that aside, he is having to kind of play that fine line.


Now, you know, I I'm of the opinion because specifically, and if we just look at that social media post, again, there is so much contradiction in there because at the top she's talking about not wanting to sit on committees or part, participate in, in the caucus. But then in the second breath she's saying, I want to help Doge and, and Thomas Massey. Well, Thomas Massey is a, a disaster and he ain't gonna be saving the Republic. And Doge, as we know, is it's just Vik Ramis Swami and Elon Musk who are gonna just be arguing with each other. I have never seen those two men in the same room. I don't even think they know each other. I dunno if you've noticed, if you do a Google search on those two guys, there isn't single, can't find a photo.


No. There isn't a single photo of those two men together. So, you know, they're both egomaniacs, they're gonna kill each other. So undoubtedly Doge is either gonna fall apart or only one of them will survive. And they're claiming that they want to pull $2 trillion out of the, or $3 trillion out of the, you know, national spend. That's gonna mean based. But when you hear that, by the way, when you hear that, that's your entitlements. Yeah. That's social security food. Yeah. It's everything. Medicare and Medicaid. 'cause that, that's, that's what it, it's, And it's also the firing of so many people who work for the federal government. And so a huge number of people are gonna be out of work. So that again, is a, is a disaster. And they don't care. I mean, look, Elon Musk has a history of firing people.


Just look at Twitter becoming ex and you know, him having no emotional skin in the game and just firing everybody. So I, I'm very much of the opinion that all of that is going to end in, in disaster. But what's interesting with this individual, this character, she who we shall name Victoria spaz, she, I mean, she wasn't even gonna run. She, she, she ran and then she won. This is in Indiana. And so now she kind of feels like she has a little bit of, a little bit of leverage. I think she might be one of these egomaniacs who's just trying to play for a little publicity. I mean, cinema and, and Manchin were very much like that.


Tell me about the, they thought it was all about them. UK Tell me about the Ukraine connection, which I didn't, I didn't, I didn't know she was Ukrainian. I didn't know she was against the aid to Ukraine, therefore pro-Russia. Well, it's, yeah, it's hard to know, isn't it? Because if you know, she's, you don't know how she has been whipped. You know, this is a, this is a British phrase. I hope you use that in American politics. But, you know, the, the ultimately her personal opinion on Ukraine, I mean, it's the same as George Stephanopolis. We dunno what he thinks, but clearly he's been required to make a decision. And it's the same with her. Maybe she was made to kind of vote in that direction. But her personal opinion, I guess I would think if she is a Republican, and as we know, most Republicans now tend to be kind of far right.


Maga Republicans gone to the days of your grandfather's conservative party. And so I'm just of the opinion that she's, you know, just rolling with the team on that one. But maybe she felt like she wanted to claw something back for herself. You know, there's two types of people that go into public office. There's people who genuinely wanna make a difference. And then there's the egomaniacs hungry for power. So we don't know this person well enough to know which category she falls into, but I worry with people like cinema and mansion two very, very complex and dangerous individuals say one thing, do another, then the next day they've relocated their political position completely.


They're, they're slippery, they're snakes and, and there's always plenty of them in, in American politics. Well, the good news is that I, I believe that, that Donald Trump and those that are coming into power with him have underestimated the amount of levers that need to be pulled in order to run a government. And he only has, I know it seems like an, an an interminable period, but he only has four years. It's actually less than that if we crush him at the midterms. Yeah. And, and we, and I believe we will. I, I don't believe, and you've heard me say this before, I don't believe we just witnessed the magnification of the United States. No.


And it just all went red. No, it had to do with the economy. It had to do with people not being enthusiastic enough to come to the polls. And it had to do with some social issues where our narrative and our brand took a hit. But that can easily be resolved if the Democratic party fair minded people focus on it. But Donald, here's, here's, so the good news is there're never gonna be able to rid the government of all the civil servants and all the people that actually operate the government in the amount of time they have on the clock, MAGA Congress is gonna be so tied up with their almost non-existent majority, where they're gonna have to rely heavily on ha Hakeem Jeffries and the Democrats who are disciplined and taught, taught that by Nancy Pelosi, poor, by the way, poor Nancy Pelosi Yes.


Slipped down some stairs in Luxembourg, how to get a, how to get a hip replacement after, but at least She got her hip replaced in Europe and not in America. That's the advantage to to to that she's now a health that's gonna be, she's a health tourist. This Is gonna be a good show for you and me, this global AF I See it already. I I I know I'd much rather have my hip fixed in Luxembourg than in Luxe the United States luxeburg. I would just Say that. Yeah. But poor but poor Nancy. And then her husband gets his, his head hammered. I know, I know it's been a bad couple years, but she, she's taught the Democrats and Hakeem Jeffries how to keep their party together in opposition. She's been in opposition before. She's still speaker emeritus. She's going to help. Believe me, nobody has sharper elbows that knows how to, how to run that Halls of Congress better than her.


Donald Trump knows that. And the reason he's so reli, he's gonna be so reliant, and this is a good thing for the, for the legal side of this show. He's gonna be so reliant on executive orders. But executive orders are the mo are the weakest of power for a president. They're easy to write and they're easy to sign, but they're hard to defend because you have to make sure that you haven't crossed over and breached the separation of powers. That it, it aligns with a law that's already on the books by Congress, that it's within your wheelhouse of a constitutional power. And you, Donald Trump screwed it up the first time around and he is gonna screw it up again, which gives us an avenue of attack, an angle of attack to take these executive orders into democratic controlled federal judges and federal circuits.


Yes, it all times out at the United States Supreme Court. But we can tie him. Four years is not a lot. We can tie his policies and him up in knots over the first two years as we come into the midterms, crush him at the midterms and make him as, as quickly lame duck as possible. And then it, then the third year of his administration will be the mad scramble between JD Vance and, and Nikki Haley and people we haven't even thought about. And Ron DeSantis and everybody else, and Joni Ernst to try to get the mantle and run for, you know, and run against whoever the Democrats are. And we have a very strong bench, a very young, nice bench of 50 and early 60 year olds who are ready, who are ready to run, including Kamala Harris.


Should she try again? Yeah. But another example of that is Trump's threats about mass deportation, where he was talking about wanting to deport what was, what was the number? 13 million or something like that. Yes. To do that would take at least a decade and hundreds of billions of dollars. And he ain't gonna be spending that much money on, on deportation also in would involve the military. You just couldn't do it with, with the kind of ice enforcement that you have now. So a little bit like his kind of threats to, to journalists. I, I think the threats about deportation are just that they are threats. They are designed to scare people, but they were also designed to make people who were a little bit racist and xenophobic vote for him by thinking, yeah, let's get rid of anybody who doesn't look like me.


And so that's kind of worked for him, but again, he's just not gonna be able to do it. And then the other thing I would, I would say, and you know, there's, so, there's so many avenues to talk about here, but I'm not convinced that Donald Trump wants to do the work. You know, he, to me is checked out. He, he wanted to get over the finish line so that he could get out of these legal cases that really was all he wanted to do. Agree, agreed With you. He, he doesn't wanna, he doesn't wanna work. And so he's gonna be playing an awful lot of golf. And in, you know, and the Democrats are not gonna be playing golf. They're gonna be very, very focused on, on either fighting in Congress or fighting in court.


And so I think that he's gonna end up delegating to people who are unsavory. And I worry about some of the people that he will un will delegate to because they might have much more extreme, or they do have more extreme views. I mean, he doesn't really have any views. Remember he, he'll just say whatever is necessary to whichever audience is facing him. But the people around him, the Stephen Miller, who's, you know now the sidekick for policy, I mean, I Saw, but he doesn't, but but, but Trump doesn't like to be shown up either. He doesn't like to be, he doesn't like to, That's why JD Vance is missing in action. Right. It's like right. That that guy's gone, Elon Musk now is the, is the vice president, acting vice president elect, it seems.


So that's gonna be very interesting is, is how much fight he has. 'cause even this press conference he gave last night, it's kind of impromptu thing at Mar-a-Lago. He was moving slow, you know, he is knackered and I, and I get as well as bonkers two great words. Right? Right. And I, I get the feeling that he is gonna do as little as possible just to maintain, he likes to pretend he's like an actor, right. He's like a TV actor playing the president. He just wants to play that president role again and have people suck up to him. And that's why it's so frustrating that the, you know, the media is already collapsing in on itself to please him. And, And, and those in favor of democracy and the lawyers around them.


We, we, we had a dress rehearsal for four years in 2016 and 2020. Yeah. And we, we know what to do. Now the federal courts are a little bit harder these days because, you know, Donald Trump got a lot of, a lot of maga, right Wing federalists especially. But Biden's got a whole bunch of fresh ones in there too. But Biden's got a whole bunch of fresh ones. There's some that are unretiring, we'll talk about that after we come back from a break. I love that there's three judges who basically said, I'm 70, I thought I was leaving. But now that you're screwing around with my appointment for my replacement, I'm going to stay. And it's driving Maga nuts. You know what else drives maga nuts? The Midas Touch Network. They love attacking us. They love, you know, you get a lot of comments on Substack from Ben when he writes these great Midas plus things, by the way, numbers of way.


People always ask me, and it's in the chat too, how do we support you guys? You people, how do you, how do we support the network? How do we keep it up and running? There's a number of ways. One is you're here already on the Midas Touch Network. Take a moment if you haven't already and hit that subscribe button. It's free. Many, most of the things I'm gonna talk about here are absolutely free. That's one. Support the contributors like Anthony and me in our shows that are on the network. Anthony, plug your, the shows that you have on the network. I have uncovered on Wednesday with my friend Ron Philip Kowski, and on the Sunday the Weekend Show, where we do deep dive conversations with some of the great brains around the world.


And that's always fascinating. So how did I Get on that? How did I get on that show? You've Been on a couple of times. You know, I always just make space for you when, when I have a, when there's a cancellation, you know? Yeah, That's true. Then we've got legal AF and various versions. We've got the Wednesday edition I do with Karen, free Minnick, Nilo, Karen, free Minnick Nilo in the news for very good reasons, very much. She's defending Luigi Mangione, the person who's been accused of killing the United Healthcare CEO. I'm hoping she'll do midweek with me this week. I think she's going to, and I think we're gonna be able to talk about parts of it, right? So tune into legal AF midweek for Karen Freeman. Nilo. Fresh off the, the, the, the, the press clamoring for more KFA.


We got her exclusively on the Midas Touch Network on Saturdays. I do legal AF with Ben Misal, who I co-founded the show with. We got a legal AF YouTube channel called Legal AF, MTN for Midas Touch Network. And then I'm curating a lot of stuff over there, six or seven videos a day and some new shows that we're doing. So you can go over there, help us build that pro-democracy channel. We've got, Midas has a substack, it's called Midas Plus, where you can get a version of this show without ads and the, a version of the legal AF without ads over there on, on Midas Substack. Can I plug my substack? Is it a good time? Of course. I just started, you Can plug whatever you like. Well, I did, it just started, so it's pretty small right now, so it needs a little, little bit of growth.


But yeah. V Anthony Davis on, on Substack, and I'm writing like personal thoughts, so not stuff that necessarily is connected to Five Minute News or the other work that I do. Yeah, and I wrote a, I wrote a blog last night about these drones in New Jersey, and I kind of predicted what I thought is actually happening down there. And then today I heard that two idiots got arrested and I was like, I think I might've got that story right for a change because I did not predict the election correctly. Oh, you're, you're one for one, one for one. And then, and then of course we've got our, our sponsors and, and I don't wanna make too light of this, but the sponsors are part of the lifeblood of what keeps our lights on.


There's no other way to put it without them, that this wouldn't, this whole thing wouldn't happen. And so we, we test out these products. We get these products, we turn down advertisers that we don't think fit. We fire advertisers like Washington Post that we didn't want on here any longer for various reasons. And so listen to the ads. Listen to the products. If you can afford them, you know, try 'em out. If you can't, you can't. I understand that. I'm not trying to, I'm not a huckster, but they are. And they know what we do here on Midas Touch and they know what on legal AF and, and weekend and, and all the shows, and they're like, we're in. We want to talk and address that audience.


And we're a very unique audience and we're very respectful of our audience. So that's a long-winded way of saying, here's a word from our sponsors.


Let's face it, after night with drinks. I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. Hey, I gotta be honest with myself, right? It feels like I have to choose between having a great night or a great next day. That is until I found pre-cool ZBiotics. Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough. Next day. Pre-Cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference the next day. For example, after a fun night out with friends at like a local bar or wherever we go, I could still get up the next morning and hit the gym. And I'll admit I was skeptical at first, but I tried it at a dinner party with some friends. And the next morning I felt great, ready to tackle the day. Ready to do more videos here at the Midas Touch Network. I kept hearing about pre alcohol and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I get the Hype Plus with their GMO technology, ZBiotics is continuing to create probiotics that tackle the challenges of modern living. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Code Midas at checkout, ZBiotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you are unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash midas and use that code Midas. It's M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off.


Oh, you know, I had to do it. Moink four companies control over 80% of the US meat industry. China now controls the largest portion of US pork. These companies are using mobster like tactics to crush American family farms. And with the additives they're putting into our food, Americans are stuck with sketchy meat. So what can we do about it? Let me tell you about a company that's coming up swinging on behalf of American Family Farms and your family's food security. It's called Moink. As I said at the beginning, Moink Moink, the business is simple. Moink meat comes from animals raised outdoors, where a pig is free to be a pig. Their farmers are given an honest day's, pay for an honest day's work, and they deliver meat straight to your doorstep at prices that you can actually afford. Born, raised, and harvested right here in the United States. Support American Family Farms and join the Moink movement today at Moink Box dot com slash Midas. Touch right now and get free wings for life. They're the best wings you'll ever taste for free, but for a limited time, here's how you spell it. M-O-I-N-K box.com/midas touch. That's Moink Box dot com slash midas. Touch.


Now for all I know that Moink ad read by Ben may have caught the eye of the Biden administration and led to the interview. I I'm just spit ball. It was balling here. I think it was. I'm spitballing. Yeah, Hopefully Ben showed up with like half a dozen stakes in his, in his backpack. Moink. Alright, so we're back on the Midas Touch podcast. People might think what happened, Poppo and Davis hijack the show. We might come, we might try it again. Knock 'em out. Come in and run the show for a little bit. We're having fun here though, so look, let's get international. You and me. I'll just leave it at that. Let's get international.


Let's talk about Alexander Smit enough and his as an FBI informant. We did a lot of coverage on it. I might as touch you might have also Yeah. About his testimony. 'cause it was like bombshell testimony. Could you imagine a guy coming out and saying to the FBI and to what a special prosecutor that was prosecuting Hunter Biden at the time. I've got news for you, hunter and Joe took a $5 million bribe. I think it was a piece, right? And a payoff from Barisma and it's part of the corruption scandal. And, and Dan, Dan Weiss's special prosecutor was like, go on.


And then James Comer and Jim Jordan and the MAGA oversight and Judiciary Committee, they got So excited about It. Oh, they got, so it was like a wet dream. The fi they finally found it, the $5 million bribe scandal. Now look, let me, let me just tell you why I don't know. I don't wanna mean our audience. I mean others, when did they suspend critical thinking? Joe Biden, you can say a lot about Joe Biden. Okay. You can have your own respectful criticism of Joe Biden in his career in the eighties, in the nineties, things that he was responsible for. You know, we could talk about Clarence Thomas. We can talk about busing. Busing. We can talk about three strikes and you're out.


We can talk about a lot of things if you wanna be critical of Joe Biden in his evolution as a politician. But one thing you have to give the guy credit for, he's been in the public eye for 50 years. He was the youngest senator we ever had. He was the oldest president we ever had. And everything in between the, the media has had the ability to x-ray and acid test pressure wash Joe Biden for 50 years. And they've come up with nothing in terms of corruption because he is not corrupt. So all of a sudden, because mag's in Congress, Joe Biden is now, you know, a mobster taking $5 million bribes from come on.


I Mean, it's so offensive that phrase, Biden crime family is so offensive because it's all projection coming from the Trump crime family. And, and you know, the other thing that people fail to remember is that Joe Biden has experienced so much loss and grief in his life. And, you know, that changes people. Not that he necessarily needed changing, but it, it, it it is the measure of the man. I mean, the fact that he went straight back to work and kind of pushed through the grief of losing his wife and, and, and daughter in this car accident and then losing his son years later. I mean, and that also contributes to Hunter Biden's addiction.


Hunter Biden's first memory of Bo Biden was waking up in a hospital bed next to him when they were kids after the car accident. Yeah. They were in the car crash. They were In the car crash. That's right. And they, and, and they lost their sister and they lost their mom. I mean, it's unprecedented. And to come back from that, you know, they might, they might have a famous name now, but they are still only human. Joe Biden almost did not take the seat because that car accident happened around Christmas time. Yeah. And he was gonna be sworn in for that January three, four date as a new senator, as a young senator. And he thought about not doing it because just several weeks before he lost his wife and one of his children and had a scramble to create a support system while he was still obviously grieving.


And, and Joe Biden should be on Mount Rushmore as a civil servant. Right, right, right. Just for everything that he's done, vice president to the first African American president and a, and a strong partner and supporter of Barack Obama. I mean, And someone who's pivoted as well. You mentioned that they, they pivoted, Right. The evolution. I mean, how many other politicians can you count that have pivoted and, and evolved in a way that Joe Biden has considering that he was born like 200 years ago? Yeah. When the world was very different. I mean, the fact that you even mentioned busing where Kamala Harris had to take him on in the right, in the debate. Right, Right, right. About, about I was that little girl Joe. I was like, wow.


It was so far. He was way back then, huh? Yeah. But, but my, my point is, it, it, it just chaps my backside to hear maga de try to destroy Joe Biden, force him not to run for reelection effectively, along with the media complicity, the complicity of the media. And then we're, we're, and then we're gonna talk about Alexander Smirnoff, who just pled guilty because he's a phony informant who lied in order to curry favor with the FBI. Dan Weiss, the prosecutor believed it for a while. The Hunter Biden prosecutor. And then of course Mago went crazy with it. And they spent so much time with public hearings over it And money as well.


The cost of The cost of Those, those hearings spare. Where is the apology? Where is the apology to Joe Biden? Well, You can forget that. You can, you can forget that. But the other thing that Smirnov did, which I thought was very interesting, is he claimed the Russians probably had recordings of Hunter Biden because a hotel in the Ukraine capital where he'd stayed, was wired and under their control. And he said that that information had been passed along to him by four high level Russian officials, except Hunter Biden had never traveled to Ukraine. So there's, there was this whole kind of contradiction which Could easily, easily, easily, easily Debunked. Yeah, it Debunked, Right? Yeah. So I, I but I I, I get this feeling that whenever the MAGA Republicans get a little morsel of potential evidence or something, because their entire remit is to own the lips, the detail is irrelevant.


Yeah. As long as you own the libs. And that's what they use this guy for. So you're saying Libs like liberals, right? The Libs liberals, yes. Yeah, Yeah. Okay. So make sure people heard it right. Not lips, Not, not Liv. Tyler. Or, Or, or lips. Right? Or lips even. Yeah. Yeah. The libs of the libs. Well, listen, I think this is one of the re I, I remember two years ago I was, I think, well on holiday, you know, when I'm just taking off stroll and I called you from wherever I was at, I was outta the country somewhere with my wife. And I said, Hey Anthony. I was like, What's he phoning me for? Right, Right, right. Or I texted you first.


I said, I got an idea and I think, you know, I'd love to do it with you. And at the time, it wasn't like the right time. This global AF what's now what now we're referring to working title global AF I think it'll be the title. And, and you know, we were very focused as a network on not insular, just focused on things that were happening here and with Trump and with the resistance and, and all. And then pivoting to helping to try to get Kamala elected, you know, with our, you know, in our, in our, with providing good information and, and pure information. But now, you know, the global impact of Donald Trump's return to power, and we're watching it.


I mean, it's already in real time. It's not even like we have to hypothesize. And he's not even the president yet. He's not even the president yet. And Canada is in turmoil. Germany is in turmoil, France is in turmoil, you know, and he's Gone to war with Mexico and Canada over trade. Absolutely. While he invites the Chinese president to come to his inauguration, to the, I mean, I mean, I'm surprised that Putin's not already on the invite list. This is what we're gonna discover in the coming weeks and months. And, you know, at the, there was some kind of fancy MAGA republican celebratory event for the election in New York last night, and Steve Bannon was talking about wanting Donald Trump to run again in 2028 and actually saying it seriously.


Oh, this was the Young Republicans dinner. Yeah. He said, MI Mike Davis, the vice Roy said, since it doesn't actually say consecutive that maybe we do it again in 28. And, and Trump has alluded exactly the same thing. And I actually just wanna quote Steve Bannon from that thing last night, because this is these very scary words. He said, we want retribution and we're going to get retribution. You have to, it's not personal. It's not personal. He said, we need to, they need to learn what populist nationalist power is on the receiving end. I need investigations, trials, and then incarceration. Did he say, I'm just talking about the media. He said, Did he say Sig heel after that? And everybody saluted. He said, everything but that, listen to this next one.


We want all your emails, all your text messages, everything you did, you colluded in a conspiracy with Merrick Garland, Nancy Pelosi, Lisa Monaco, and Jack Smith. And, and literally like, is laying, laying out this playbook, this kind of Nazi playbook. It's like the Stary showing up at your door and rounding you up. Right. Or Stalin or Stalin Or, or Stalin. Right? Right. And, and he's saying this stuff out loud, and he is representing Donald Trump and the Trump regime, and we would be fools to not take it seriously. The media thought it was all a bit of a joke, but it isn't. Well, that's what you and I and the Midas touch and The brothers and those on this network are gonna have to do.


We got our work cut out for us over the next two years to four years because we're gonna have to shine a light on this and we're gonna have to and call it out. And then the reason that I created with Ben and, and The brothers legal AF the po the YouTube channel to a month or so before the election, was not to help Kalo win. It was what if she doesn't? And what does the legal landscape look like in a potential Trump presidency where we're gonna be lurching from one constitutional crisis to another one. Abuse of power daily. Yes. Abuse of power, meaning we're gonna have to run into the courts. That's why on, on legal AF, the, the YouTube channel, I have court accountability action over there with me.


And they're amazing. They're like a, a think tank slash investigative organization that looks at corruption at the federal court level up to the United States Supreme Court. And they do some amazing work. And, and this is why we're here together, not to scare the shit out of each other. I mean, we have to, we have an action. It's a call to action too. We have a call to action. Yeah, it's a, it's a call. It's a calling for sure. Yeah. Because the media is not gonna call it out. And everything that he announced, I mean today was that he announced like a hundred billion dollars investment from soft, from a soft bank. Right. I mean the, the media will just repeat that story. They'll just, they'll just repeat what he wants them to say, like a press release.


Oh yeah. But we don't do that. We're like, what's behind this? Because Trump doesn't announce anything unless it benefits him and, and, and you know, he's wealthy. Well, it was right on cue, it was orchestrated, right? Yeah. Two days before in his social media post, he put America up for sale. I'm sure you saw it, right? Anybody that wants to invest overseas $1 billion in America, we will speed through your approvals, including environmental. Environmental. Yeah. He threw that in there and two days later, soft back was like, we'll put a hundred billion dollars in. Now what what happened was the last time they put up, they put money in. Yeah, Well, I was gonna say, did you see RFKs face sit standing behind him? Of course.


His environmental lawyer by trade listening to this thing about, you know, circumnavigating the, the regulations on, on, on the environment. Trump just has a problem with the environment because I think in Scotland they put a, a wind turbine Near his golf course, Near his golf course, and he hated it. And he tried to get it removed and they couldn't. And they wouldn't. Yeah. So for that reason, the entire climate change kind of scenario has become a hoax to him because of, of that turbine in his garden. Well, for those that are tuning in late, no, the Midas Touch podcast has not been canceled by The brothers. They are busy doing God's work, interviewing and finishing an interview with President Joe Biden.


The whole team was there, Ben conducted it. You guys will be seeing, it'll be hot off the presses soon enough here in the Midas touch. And, and they asked Anthony and I to step in and we said, absolutely. We've never done, we've done, we've done each other's shows, but we've never done a show together trying to hold up the, the lantern here, hold up the torch for the, the for The brothers. We're so pleased that we were able to do that for them. And hopefully you guys found this as interesting as you would if the three brothers were on, or at least at we are at that level. And we got to announce that Anthony and I are gonna be doing more things together, come the new year in a new show we're calling Global AF, where we're gonna, you know, he's a Brit and I'm not, I'm an American, and we're gonna talk about global perspective.


I had a global job at a Wall Street firm and, and know a little bit about the rest of the world. And Anthony, of course, has lived, lived a life and has been a, a broadcaster and a commentator on other non-American media throughout his career. But I've traveled, and I think this is too something that's really important, is that, you know, there is no substitute. You could read about it online as much as you like, but there is no substitute for being there. And the thing about I felt blessed growing up in England was that, you know, all these places that we'd read about are only a couple of hours away, a cheap flight away. And so I, I've been lucky to have traveled extensively around Europe and to places where systems of governance and and of democracy are completely different to the system that you have enjoyed here in the United States.


So as American democracy falls, we're gonna shed a light on the way that other democracies are successful. And I, I think that's gonna be very interesting. And that's where you and I will debate, because I'm not ready to throw in the towel on the American democracy just yet. Good man. And thank you. So you've joined the Midas Touch podcast normally with Ben Brett and Jordy, Michael Poppa and Anthony Davis sitting in for this particular episode. Thank you to everyone in the audience that supports all of our shows. Take a minute, hit the free subscribe button for the Midas Touch Network. You can also subscribe and help, help this organization, help this, this independent entity by going over to their Midas Plus Substack and hit the subscribe button and join over there as well.


And then, of course, Anthony's got a couple of shows. Plug them right now. Anthony Uncovered Wednesdays live, 4:00 PM Eastern and the Weekend Show, 8:00 PM Eastern on Sundays, as well as all of the additional five minute news content that I provide. So, and I've got legal AF on Wednesdays and Saturdays, and a new show called Popa Live by myself on Tuesday nights at 8:00 PM right here on the Midas Dutch Network. And shout out to all our sponsors and to the Midas mighty.


The Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and, and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.