
I can say to my new Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra, Hey, find a keto friendly restaurant nearby and text it to Beth and Steve and it does without me lifting a finger so I can get in more squats anywhere I can. 1, 2, 3. Will that be cash or credit? Credit? Four Galaxy S 25 Ultra. The AI companion that does the heavy lifting so you can do you get yours@samsung.com compatible. Select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input check Responses for accuracy


Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms proving difficult to manage. Taya Guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms At one year. Many patients taking TREM achieved clinical remission and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. TREM is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis. Serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor If you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or If you need a vaccine, ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms, call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit tremfya radio.com.


I'm ready for my life to change.


A B, C Sunday's American Idol is all new. Give it your all. Good luck up the golden ticket. Let's hear it. This is man's work. I've never seen anything like it. And a new chapter begins Hollywood. Carrie Underwood joins Lionel Richie, Luke Bryan and Ryan Seacrest on American Idol New Sundays eight seven Central on a, B, C and stream on Hulu.


Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines. Restrictions apply. See terms and conditions at Kale Ando


Support comes from ServiceNow. We're for people doing the creative work they actually wanna do. That's why this ad was written and read by a real person and not ai. You know what people don't wanna do boring, busy work. Now with AI agents built into the ServiceNow platform, you can automate millions of repetitive tasks in every corner of your business. IT HR and more. So your people can focus on the work that they wanna do. That's putting AI agents to work for people. It's your turn. Visit servicenow.com.


Let's talk about the most important election taking place in the country right now that If you don't live in Wisconsin, you may not know about. It's the race for the Wisconsin Supreme Court seat where currently liberals maintain a four to three majority on the court. I like to refer to that more as pro-democracy. But you have Elon Musk now spending a huge amount of money, I mean millions in that state. It tells you how important MAGA and Musk and Trump think this state is. And they're running the playbook that we saw during the 2024 election, which unfortunately they had some success with with these deceptive ads.


But I think it's important that we now call out what they're doing. So the strategy by Musk and the MAGA is they create these political action committees with kind of deceptive names that make it seem like they're supportive of a democratic candidate or a liberal candidate or a specific candidate. And then they push certain messaging that they poll test to make voters not want to vote for that candidate believing that it's actually that candidate sending that message. If you see, If you watch my reporting during the 2024 election, you would see that like in Pennsylvania, Musk would create these pacs and they would push these things that they know would try to push voters away.


So Elon Musk just dropped another million dollars to buy off this guy, Brad Shimmel. He's the right wing MAGA candidate. Who wants that Wisconsin seat? 'cause that would turn the Wisconsin Supreme Court into pretty much a far right court. So if you're upset at the way our United States Supreme Court looks like, they want the Wisconsin Supreme Court to look just like that. Now, if you're asking how MAGA is this guy, Brad Shiel? Well, Brad Shimmel says that the Wisconsin Supreme Court screwed Donald Trump over by not overturning the results of the 2020 election. As Judge Susan Crawford, who's circuit court judge from Dane County who's running for that seat says Shimmel is all about partisanship, politics and special interests not being fair and impartial.


And the court. And here's the Washington Post article. It says, in a meeting with supporters last month, Shimmel said the court had treated Trump unfairly. Quote, I think the odds of an endorsement are probably pretty high because you know, one of the things he doesn't do is forget people that screw him over and the Wisconsin Supreme Court screw him over. So as Donald Trump is crushing our economy, as Donald Trump is taking a wrecking ball to federal workers, you got Shimel really wanting this Trump endorsement. So why don't we bring in Judge Susan Crawford Circuit Court judge who's running for this seat. Judge Crawford Musk is spending millions against you.


Why do you think that is? Well, it's not because he cares about Wisconsin. I'll put it that way. He doesn't, you know, I don't think he's ever been here. I don't think he really knows who he's running these ads against. You know, the first ad that they put out against me had a picture of a different Susan Crawford in it that they, I guess had found on Google. So I think he's doing it for a couple of different reasons. One is, and he's been pretty open about it, he is got paid canvassers going door to door in Wisconsin with flyers that say protect the Trump agenda. So nakedly partisan reason. And then also I think Elon Musk is watching out for his own backside.


You know, Tesla just filed a lawsuit in Wisconsin to try to throw out a decision by, you know, wis Wisconsin Licensers saying that they could not open dealerships to sell vehicles directly to consumers in Wisconsin. There's just a state law that doesn't allow that. So he's got personal stake in Wisconsin courts and I think he thinks he can buy himself a seat on the Wisconsin Supreme Court. So let's do this. Paint a picture If you can, for us, of what it would look like if Brad Shimmel gets that seat. Yeah, paint that picture first. Then I'm gonna ask you of course, to paint the picture of what it looks like If you get on.


But first broadly, Brad Shimel wins this. What should the people of Wisconsin be prepared for? Yeah, well, Brad Shimmel, depending on what group he's talking to. 'cause he says different things to different groups. But he just said the other day when he was speaking to one of these turning point groups, far, far right, conservative groups that he wants to provide a be part of a support network for Donald Trump. So if he ends up on the Wisconsin Supreme Court, he's gonna bring a a far right agenda, he'll lock in a very conservative majority on the Supreme Court. And honestly, I think he is the most extreme candidate to ever run for the Wisconsin Supreme Court.


So any cases involving the rights of Wisconsinites, things like reproductive healthcare, access to health insurance coverage, protection of the environment, protection of public safety, I think those go out, go by the wayside. 'cause Brad Shimmel has always been about protecting the big money, special interests. That was what he was like as a Republican attorney general, you know, rubber stamping Governor Scott Walker's agenda and going out actually around the country trying to eliminate abortion rights for people, not even right here in Wisconsin, but people all over the country.


So I think it would be, you know, he would help to really push a right wing agenda in Wisconsin. You know, I also think that what Doge is doing is terribly unpopular Now across the country. We're seeing in town halls, Republican town halls in Ruby red areas, by the way, ruby red areas in Wisconsin as well, where some of these Republican politicians are canceling the town halls. People are pissed that Doge and Elon Musk's crew of 19 to 25-year-old guys with these horribly misogynistic and ridiculous nickname, whatever they're, they're going into people's private data, medical info, their social security info, getting access to tax info and transaction data.


And so, I mean, look, one could assume if Elon Musk was Donald Trump's backer and Trump and Trump's doing the Musk agenda, Musk's doing this with Shimmel. So all of the things that I think people in Wisconsin hate about Doge and what Doge is doing to their lives, invasion of their privacy will get a hundred times worse. It'll be a rubber stamp on Doge. What do you think about that? Oh, I think there's no question, Ben. I I think that is exactly why Elon Musk is spending millions of dollars, you know, on these phony attack ads against me and trying to get Brad Shimel on the Supreme Court. He's, he is, he is got a partisan agenda.


Brad Shimmel is only too willing to help him out with that. That's, that's, I think they see completely eye to eye. And I, you know, as I've been out traveling around the state talking to voters, I think voters are real. Like you said, they are scared, they're really concerned. They don't want these unelected people like Elon Musk and his, you know, gang of, you know, 20 year olds digging through their personal data. And people talk to me about that all the time. So, you know, we need to have, we need to have a Wisconsin Supreme Court that's working for the people of Wisconsin. Not one that is working for Elon Musk and not one that's there as a, you know, a, a support network for President Trump.


Look, you're a former prosecutor, you're a circuit court judge, law and order person. I'm sure having to go through sometimes some of the campaigning stuff and talking about yourself is, you know, not, not the your day-to-day stuff that, that, that you do, but you know, that's what you gotta do. And, and you know, that's, that's part of it all. Yeah. So if, If you can though, you know, paint a picture for our audience, for our listeners and viewers about what it looks like If you are able to prevail. What are you telling voters as you tore the state? Yeah, well, you know, I'm running to be a fair and impartial justice and to decide cases, first of all, based on the facts.


I think the truth is really important in our justice system. Apparently it's not so important in our politics all the time, but it's really important in the justice system, justice system, and to interpret the law based on what the law says and to apply it fairly and impartially. I believe we have laws and we have a constitution to protect the rights of the people of our state. And I never lose fact, lose sight of the fact that the decisions I'm making as a judge involve real people and real problems. So I, I apply common sense and make sure that I am applying and upholding the law to protect the rights of the people in my courtroom. And that's what kind of justice I'll be on the Supreme Court.


People wanna learn more about you. Where can they go to find out more information? Yeah, they can go to our campaign website, that's Crawford for wi.com. They can also follow us on social media, all the usual places. And those counts are also called Crawford for Wisconsin. So hope people will check it out. As you said, Ben, this is a really, really critical race with ramifications that far exceed. Wisconsin really has. It's, this is a case with some national implications and I hope people will tune in and get involved. The election's right around the corner April 1st, right? It's right, right around the corner. So everybody, 25 days And it'll fly, like, it'll fly like that.


Although I'm not sure if I'm aging in dog ears or something else under this Trump administration. But we will, we will leave that for another conversation. Everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Judge Crawford, thanks for joining us. Thanks so much, Ben. Can't get enough. Midas check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.