
Your data is like gold to hackers, and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detectors, spots, threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com cancel anytime terms apply.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington Price. They have my favorite brand. This is like a whole new bu I buy too. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll Love the deals you'll love Burlington, I told you. So.


This episode is brought to you by Enterprise Mobility. From fleet management to flexible truck rentals to technology solutions. Enterprise Mobility helps businesses find the right mobility solutions so they can find new opportunities. Because if your business is on the road, they wanna make sure it's on the road to success. Enterprise mobility, moving you moves the world. Find your road@enterprisemobility.com.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


The new KFC Dunk it bucket with juicy original recipe tenders. New mashed potato poppers, crispy fries, plus three sauces that fit right on top of the lid so you can dunk anywhere. You can dunk at the game dunk while security points to the no outside food sign and dunk as 20,000 people watch you and your dunk it bucket. Get removed from the stadium dunk almost anywhere with the new $7 KFC dunk it bucket, or get the double dunk it bucket for 25. Prices and participation vary while supplies last, taxes, tips and fees extra.


Some new horrifying information has emerged about the Republican candidate for the Supreme Court seat in Wisconsin that's going to decide the balance of power on the Wisconsin Supreme Court, the far right wing Doge MAGA candidate, a guy by the name of Brad Shimel. He's been trying to pretend that he's not Doge, that he's not maga, that he's not Trumpy, he's trying to run away from it. So we here at the Midas Touch Network, of course, first saw this published by Axios, that Elon Musk's pack is offering $100 to Wisconsin voters in a pitch against quote activist judges.


As our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski says there goes Musk again. He's trying to buy those votes again. And then it became clear to us that really Elon Musk was trying to dify Wisconsin. So we had to look deeper here at the Midas Touch Network into Brad Simmel's past. Look at his social media posts. And we found this, while he claims he's not a partisan, this is what he was doing. He would go to those Trump boat parades and he would wear shirts like this one that says, Jesus is my savior, but Trump is my president. And and here's the thing with someone like this too, it's like if, if you are Trumpy, then just say it.


Just say you're Trumpy and let the voters ultimately decide that you're a Trumpy Doge guy. And if they wanna vote for getting rid of Social Security and Medicaid, if they're into all that stuff, you, you, you are their guy, I guess, you know, on the court. Then we did some more digging into some speeches that were given by Shimmel and some kind of just scary and weird stuff came up. Like this one right here where Shimmel tells this story while he is speaking in front of this group about how he psychologically beat the daylights out of an 8-year-old in the backseat. I think he's talking about, you know, his daughter. You can, you can, you can feel the cringe level of the audience as he's telling this bizarre story.


Play this clip. And she reminded me of a story that I cannot deny. We had picked up our oldest Mackenzie at a friend's house and there'd been a fib, I don't know what the fib was anymore, but she had told a fib about something and she was denying that she had fibbed. So this car ride home, I'm gonna get her on the witness stand, so she's in the back seat. I adjusted the mirror. So I'm looking right at her and she's looking right at me. And every time she looks away, I said, look at me. And I don't think I looked at the road the whole way. And I got her back there, and I'm drilling her about this, and I'm rebutting every fib.


She piles on the fib. And I got a Perry Mason moment right there in my car. She broke down. I did it. I did it, I did it. And I, I won my trial. She is next witness, you know, rest my case. Well, she's in the backseat. She is just crying miserably. My wife's looking at me like I'm a monster and I was proud of myself. I just beat up on a, she was probably eight. I just beat, I just psychologically beat the daylights out of an 8-year-old in the backseat.


That was, I wanna bring in Dane County Circuit Court Judge, judge Susan Crawford, who is running against Shimel in this seat. We have a law and order pro-democracy judge here. What, what do you make of all of this, of, of these recent vi these videos from his past that have emerged? Well, you know, that was a really sad story and just, you know, makes your heart break for that child. But I think, you know, what we're hearing is a lot more of what Brad Shimmel says when he is in private, what he says when he believes he's in a group of his political allies versus what he'll say on a broader stage when he thought, when he thinks he's talking to a general audience.


It has happened over and over in this campaign. What's your message to the people of Wisconsin though, who you know, you know, don't know? I mean, you know, pe some people are like, wait a minute, Supreme Court races, people run for this seat. You know, a lot of people don't even know like, like that. I know a lot of people in Wisconsin are paying attention when it happens in your state. They start to pay attention often closer. And I know that people are starting to vote already. So what, what do you say to them? Listen to what he says. You know, listen to his words. And he is talked about begging on his knees for campaign contributions wearing out his knee pads. He's saying that he wants to be on the court to be part of Donald Trump's support network.


You know, he, you just gotta listen to what the guy says. He wants to be on the court to push a partisan agenda. He wants to be there to support Elon Musk and to support Donald Trump and Doge. And that's really not what the court's for. And I've said over and over, I'm, I wanna be on the court to protect the people of Wisconsin under our constitution and laws. Brad Chael's got a whole different agenda. Yeah. I mean, when, when you and I speak it always speaking about I'm law and order, I'm gonna enforce the law, I'm gonna enforce our state's constitution, United States Constitution. When, when he goes on podcasts, he goes to like the, you know, the maga bro style podcast.


And he, and he tells that same story. Yeah. Like he, that story, he like, loves that story. Here's another one that we unearth a second clip of Shimel on one of these bro podcasts or whatever they call him saying, his wife told him he shut her and his daughters out. And I didn't know when he was talking to you, what, what does he even, what is he even talking about here play this clip And, and you're kind of quiet about it. You don't ever talk about your work. You kinda shut us out. You come home from work and you don't talk to anybody for a while. And she said, you don't really talk to your daughters. You kind of interrogate your daughters. And I was like, wow, maybe I am, maybe I'm in too deep.


Maybe I need to take a step back Like it's AdChoices to go on a podcast like that. And, and it's, it's cre it's creepy. It's right. Yeah. I mean, I don't even know what to say about it. Let, let, lemme let, He just goes Off next, You know, I'll Move on to the next topic. Lemme show you this other, lemme show you this other clip right here though. And, and, and as serious, I mean, horrific stuff right here. This is a clip that we unearthed where he said that he's personally against marriage equality. Let, lemme show you this one. I wanna talk about one of the hot button issues. And that of course is same sex marriage.


How does Brad Schimel personally feel about same sex marriage? Okay, I'm I'm gonna open up here by making something very clear. Okay. As I do my job as Attorney General, my personal view on that issue has no business entering into the equation. My job as the state's lawyer is to defend Wisconsin's law until a court says it's, until the Supreme Court says it's unconstitutional or the people change it. So you start with that. But my, my view is, my view is, I I favor traditional marriage. One man, one woman. That's my personal view in my personal life.


And if, and that's how I voted when the marriage amendment was on the ballot. And Judge, let me show you one more right here, where he said he would've defended a ban on interracial marriage. Here, lemme show this to you, But if you had been Attorney General in say, the 1950s in a state that did not allow interracial marriage, do you think the proper role of an attorney general then was to not put himself or herself into the mix and say, this is wrong. Even, even Yeah, it's, and, and, and I understand the argument, your Job is to uphold the law, even if it's something that we might look back in the future as absurd or something. Well, it might be distasteful to me.


Okay. But that's, but Right. I appreciate you, I appreciate your answer. I I've gotta stay consistent with that. As the state's lawyer, I, it's not my job to pick and choose. What do you make of all those clips that I shared with You? Well, this is somebody who won't take a stand to protect the people of Wisconsin under our constitution. He is saying that in a number of different ways, but that's, that's what his position was. And you know, there have been cases in the past where attorneys general faced with a clearly unconstitutional law have said, I cannot defend this. And in some of those instances, the state's governor has, has gone on to find a, a different lawyer to defend the laws or, or the laws conceded as unconstitutional.


But you know, Brad Schimel is somebody who won't take a stand for the people of Wisconsin, You know, and I think the big fear right now is as Doge is taking a wrecking ball on people's lives. Yeah. And I just saw Donald Trump's commerce secretary Howard Lutnick kind of making fun and mocking the concept, I think he said, so what if your social security check comes in late? He goes, yeah, if you complain that it comes in late, you are probably the fraudster direct quote that he said. So as people in Wisconsin hear this, they see Doge firing these veterans. They hear about people potentially unconstitutionally being kidnapped and sent to concentration camps in El Salvador.


And they think about someone like a shimel. And I think they're asking, is this guy gonna be a rubber stamp for authoritarianism? Yep. Or is he gonna defend the people of Wisconsin? What's your closing argument to the people of Wisconsin? Who Want's he's, he is, he has basically said he wants to be a rubber stamp. He said he wants to be part of Trump support network. And Musk's, Elon Musk has paid canvasers going out around the state saying, we need Brad Schimel to support the Trump agenda. And, you know, he is aiming to be a wing of the Trump administration from the Wisconsin Supreme Court. It's not what the role of the court is. And, you know, so I would say even to people who maybe like Donald Trump, like what he's doing in Washington, DC and even people who think that Elon Musk might be doing some good out there, what do we need in the Wisconsin Supreme Court?


We need a court that's gonna apply the laws, interpret the laws fairly and impartially and uphold the rights of people in Wisconsin under our constitution. We don't need somebody who's gonna rubber stamp everything that, you know, the Trump administration is, is doing, or even anything that is happening in the state of Wisconsin. It's just not the role of the court Judge. Where can people find out more information about you? And I know the last day of vote is April 1st, but right now voting is voting's taking place right now. Where, where, where can people find out more information that they wanna learn about you and your Background? Yeah, they can check out my campaign website, which is Crawford for wi.com.


So crawford, FORW i.com. And any wisconsinites out there, I'd urge you to vote now. We just had a snowstorm here a couple of days ago where it was really rough on the road, so don't wait. We can have spring snow storms, get, get the job done and cast your ballot today, Judge Susan Crawford running for Wisconsin Supreme Court. Very big race there in Wisconsin with national implications as well. We appreciate everything you're doing. Thanks So much, Ben. Everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't Get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.