
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash special offer.


If you have kids or pets, you know stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem drive.com today.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor's, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs Apply


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker. It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All Sorts of interest and stuff, even Charles Barker's. Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


We've got major news out of North Carolina folks where the Supreme Court race back from November was thrown into turmoil where the MAGA Republican candidate for the Supreme Court seat Jefferson Griffin refused to concede after losing in multiple recounts to justice Allison Riggs, who was on the Supreme Court, the Democratic back candidate Justice Allison Riggs at every step, the Magar Republican candidate Jefferson Griffin tried to challenge existing votes that were already counted. He tried to disenfranchise people, he tried to literally steal votes from people.


This had been a six month or deal where the votes of the people were just not being counted. It went through the state court system from the lower level court to their court of appeals to the Supreme Court, where ultimately a subset of votes was ordered by the United, by the North Carolina Supreme Court to be recounted through this process, which was counter to what the will of the people were who actually voted. So after the Supreme Court in North Carolina made that ruling separately, justice Allison Riggs was bringing an action in federal court and we just got a very important federal court ruling in this entire saga from of all people, a Trump appointed judge in North Carolina, a judge by the name of Judge Richard Myers, and he gotta hand it to the guy.


He followed the law, he put politics aside and US District Court Judge Richard Myers ordered the North Carolina State Board of Elections to certify a 734 vote win for the Democratic Supreme Court. Justice Allison Riggs and rejected all of the MAGA candidate Jefferson Griffin's election protest. The judge did stay the order for one week so that Jefferson Griffin may appeal. And knowing Jefferson Griffin, I'm sure he is gonna do what Jefferson Griffin does. But when you take a look at this order by the district court judge, you get a a Trump appointed judge. And I don't even like saying Trump appointed Judge Obama appointed judge, but I think, I think it is, it is still a notable factor here.


Here's what the judge wrote. This consolidated action concerns an attempt to change the rules of the game after it had been played. The court cannot countenance that strategy. Permitting parties to upend the set rules of an election after the election has taken place can only produce confusion and turmoil, which threatens to undermine public confidence in federal courts, state agencies and elections themselves. Accordingly, the court finds as follows, one, retroactive invalidation of absentee ballots cast by overseas military and civilian voters violates those voters substantive due process rights.


That's one of the things Jefferson Griffin wanted to happen. The cure process violates equal protection rights of overseas military and civilian voters. In three, the lack of any notice or opportunity for eligible voters to contest their mistaken designation as never residents violates procedural due process and represents an unconstitutional burden on the right to vote. Therefore, the judge ordered that the win for justice Allison Riggs be certified. Let's bring in justice Allison Riggs to respond to this ruling. Where are we at? Where do we go for here? It's great to have you on and we've been having you on now for a few months following this entire saga with you.


So you know, he, here we are. May 6th, the order dropped. May 5th. Yeah, thanks so much for having me, Ben. Six months to the day after election day after North Carolina voters spoke, a federal district court judge issued what was an enormous victory, not just for North Carolina voters, but for voters all across the country. This has been a tough six months, but I'm no stranger to tough fights. And we knew all along that the threat here was existential. That if people with power can toss out ballots selectively after an election, cancel the votes of people they, they think don't, didn't vote for them.


That democracy cannot exist in those conditions. And so we have been fighting tooth and nail in a courtroom, not just for North Carolina service members, that that was a worthy enough fight for sure. North Carolina service members deserved to have someone standing up to defend them the way they defend us. But we knew that this would open the door to, to enormous mischief and frivolous challenges after election day across the country. So we're very gratified by the ruling and stand ready to continue the fight if need be. But really this, this should, should have decisively ended it yesterday.


Can you remind our viewers what these 65,000 votes were that were being challenged? I know there was one group of 60, then there was another 5,000 that were the military overseas. And and maybe you can describe also what Jefferson Griffin and the Republicans were doing to like specifically one, just target your race, not the other races, not the Trump race, not the other congressional races. Those were apparently fine and then they micro targeted democratic areas only to try to change the vote after the fact. Can you go into that? Yeah. So the legal terminology for what this was is throwing spaghetti at the wall.


My opponent decided to challenge it. It reached as high as 68,000 eligible North Carolinians who cast lawful ballots. The biggest buckets, 60,000 of 'em were voters who were alleged to have information missing from their voter file, including a social security number or a driver's license number. But the, that information is not required under federal law. Federal law actually provides that those voters can vote if they show a certain id. My parents were in that bucket of 60,000. My dad is 30 years retired military. He and my mom retired down to North Carolina to be near to me and my sister.


They went to register in person using their military IDs, retired military IDs, which don't have driver's license or social security numbers on it, do the Department of Defense decided years ago not to put social security numbers on military IDs. So my parents followed every, every rule that everything right as did the rest of the 60,000 voters in that bucket. Over the course of the last six months, we were able to knock out that challenge. Even the North Carolina Supreme Court said those voters did nothing wrong and we won't disenfranchise them. What has persisted has been the, the selective targeting of voters who use a federal mechanism to vote.


It's called the Uni Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Voting Act. It's a federal law designed to address how hard it is for military members and their family to vote when they are serving away from home or overseas. Upwards of 5,500 of those voters in four counties only were challenged. So these are people who used a specific ident identifiable kind of voting because they were service members or working overseas for, for certain reasons. My opponent, there's a hundred counties in North Carolina, he picked four of the most democratic counties and challenged the military and overseas voters in those four counties only and, and said they should be challenged in other or red counties, no problem.


And mine was the only race uncertified in the, from the 2024 election cycle. It still is, but no complaints about Donald Trump winning North Carolina in the presidential race. A number of Democrats and Republicans won up and down the ballot at North Carolina is a very purple state. But this was, this was really troubling in inconsistent, challenging, and it really is reminiscent of the arguments in Bush v Gore where in the 2000 election, the question was, well, do we do something in a, a handful of Florida counties that we're not doing in other counties and subjecting military voters to the presumption that their vote is invalid unless they jump through hurdles even when they may be serving on a submarine under sea in the Atlantic Ocean.


That, that is, is unconstitutional. And we were gratified that the federal court yesterday upheld every one of, of the arguments we made about why these challenges violated the federal constitution. We've talked about this concept of the laboratories of autocracy, how sometimes you're seeing these MAGA republicans try out these playbooks and states and say, okay, well we can do voter suppression here, we could gerrymander here. And now even if we lose the election after doing all of those things, we can basically just kind of redo it. We can target certain areas, throw out 65,000 votes.


And it's why I think, you know, to your point, this has national implications here. If this stands, they then kind of roll this out, this test balloon everywhere else. Can I, I just wanna show the video of, I wanna show the video of your parents because I think it brings it home when they're both like, if you add our ages up together, we've been voting for like a hundred years, of course we're gonna vote for our daughter. What are you talk, you're throwing out our votes for our daughter. What do you mean here? Just, just watch this video. This is for our viewers. Yeah, well we were thoroughly shocked to find out there even was a list and then to find out that we were on the list when we have voted successfully for 50 years, That issue and combined, we have voted religiously for over a hundred years, the two of us together.


And this is the first time a ballot's ever been challenged. And and I know that my daughter had spoken a lot about recognizing voter suppression when she sees it. I can tell you this does not feel like election integrity. Personally. This feels like voter suppression when it involves us and, and a very important election to us personally. It involves our daughter. Well, I'll, I'll tell you Justice Riggs. So my parents were very proud when I graduated Georgetown Law. They were a little bit curious when I became a podcaster, but I got 'em back on my team now.


And they're, and they're proud again. But I can only imagine. You got proud parents. You're a Supreme Court justice in the state of North Carolina. They go out to vote for you in the election and then they find out that, and they're gonna be so careful. How could you be more careful than the parents voting for the, I bet you they looked at it, they took photos of it, they mounted it on the wall. I bet you it was one of, and their vote was one that was initially gonna be thrown out. So if it happened to them, just imagine what's happening overseas and everybody else. So I'll let you address that. But just as we wrap up, where do we go from here? What happens next? Yeah, I mean, I have always represented voters in fights to make sure that their right to vote counted.


I was a civil rights and voting rights attorney before joining the bench. And my parents' experience only reminded me of what I already knew. That there are real people at the, at the other end of these attempts to put political, personal, political ambition over the rule of law and the constitution. I put my hand on a Bible two years ago, raised my hand and swore an oath to uphold the federal and state constitutions. And it's been my honor to fight for North Carolina voters. It's been my honor to make sure that democracy carries the day across the country and that nothing I, I stood hand in hand with voters in North Carolina who said democracy is not gonna die here in North Carolina, not on our watch.


And I hope this fight is over, but if it's not, we'll keep fighting. We need people, voters to decide elections, not politicians and not courts. And it's a, it's a good day here in North Carolina, but we will not let our guard down. We will never, ever give up in fighting to keep hands, keep power in the hands of the people. North Carolina Supreme Court Justice. Alison Riggs, right off the big decision by the district court in North Carolina. Great to have you on. Thank you so much Everybody. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Can't get enough Midas. Plus check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.