
Where would I rather be at a vice President Kamala Harris rally filled with joy in a stadium packed with 25, 30,000 people in a football stadium, Play the clip. Or would I rather be in this whatever it even is. And with the Donald Trump event, as Donald Trump stands up his own people for, he ditches him for three hours, three and a half hours, and people are just walking out here, Play the clip.


That's what happened last night in Michigan. Donald Trump was too busy recording a podcast. So he showed up like three and a half, four hours late, ditched all of his people. And just take a look at the difference between the surrogates right here. Like take a look at President Barack Obama right here. Here he is talking about North Carolina's extremist Lieutenant Governor who's trying to run for Governor Mark Robinson, the Magar Republican who Donald Trump said is like the new Martin Luther King better than Martin Luther King is what Donald Trump referred to this individual as CNN ran the report about this guy's secret, dark, twisted past of going on to these explicit porn websites, say horrific things.


Robinson denies it, but there's a lot of evidence there. Or just how about the things that Robinson said in public? Well, Obama does a good job recounting it. Play the clip. Josh's opponent believes other things. I do not know where to start with this man called the Civil rights movement crap called L-G-B-T-Q, people filth, self-identified as a Nazi suggested bringing back slavery. I now, I shouldn't really have To get into all this I I.


Think it's fair to say you do not need a governor who makes Donald Trump look almost normal. You deserve somebody who's gonna work every day and fight for you. Somebody who is shown that he is up for the job. Somebody like Josh Stan, he's been doing it his entire career. That's Obama in North Carolina. Let me show you. Donald Trump's running mate, JD Vance in North Carolina who gives a shout out to Lieutenant Governor Mark Robinson, but then realizes, oh wait, we're not supposed to do that because of everything.


So, oops, watch this embarrassing moment, play this clip. I Wanna give a shout out to you guys. Have a great lieutenant governor. Sorry, we've got Li sorry, mark isn't here. We've, And by the way, I know you hear a lot about Mark Robinson. I'm gonna get back to the Obama stuff in a moment. But here's what Mark, Rob, here's the type of things that Mark Robinson says where he says that gay people are filth. He says, Play the clip, Transgenderism, homosexuality, any of that filth. And yes, I called it filth. And if you don't like it, then I called it filth. Come see me and I'll explain it to you. And here's Donald Trump on the Holocaust denier. Mark Robinson.


Trump says he's like, Martin Luther King on steroids, play this clip. But you know, I heard him coming in on the plane. I was listening and I said to the people on the plane, watch this, this is Martin Luther King on steroids. Okay, now I told that, I told that, I told that to Mark. I said, I think you're better than Martin Luther King. I think you are Martin Luther King times two. And he looked at me and I wasn't sure was he angry, because that's a terrible thing to say, or was he complimented? I have never figured it out, but I'm telling you, he's one of right. When I said that to you, you looked like, I don't know if I like that comment, you should like it because you are outstanding and you're gonna be the next governor.


So that's gonna be very cool. Sorry, I digressed there for a moment. Back to all of the events that were happening on Friday, right? You have Vice President, Kamala Harris in Houston, Texas. You've got former President Barack Obama in Charlotte, North Carolina. You've got Governor Walls in Scranton, Pennsylvania. Here's what Governor Walls had to say, Play the clip. Mayor Coog Netti, thank you for having us here. I have to tell you, I'm, I'm taking her line when she said, quit ringing your hands and door knock. That's, that's somebody who knows that there's work in front of us and it doesn't do any good. Stay off the news, stay off the social media. There's, there's a group of folks who their, their entire careers to make this thing a horse race or to try and get you to click on something that doesn't improve things.


And she knows that. So I'm grateful Senator Flynn. Thank you. And Here's what Governor Walls had to say about Elon Musk. Let's play it. So I I, almost I I Midwestern on this I I the rally. And I think it was here in Pennsylvania that Elon was on the stage jumping around. That's where I said I used a Midwestern euphemism. I said, he's prancing and dancing around like a dipshit. And that is exactly what it was. That is exactly what it was. That guy that I thought this was a great moment in former President Barack Obama's speech in North Carolina about the difference between him and Donald Trump Play the clip. They are decorated warriors who served in battle.


They're not woke liberals, they're not even probably Democrats. They are people who don't usually talk about politics because they believe the military should be outside of politics upholding the Constitution. The reason they're speaking up now is because they have seen that in Donald Trump's mind. The military does not exist to serve the Constitution or the American people. Donald Trump doesn't see being commander in chief as a solemn sacred responsibility. An oath you take to our precious system of government like everything else.


He thinks the military exists to do his bidding, to serve his interests. And he has said that if he's elected, he'll use the military to go after, quote, the enemy within which he Do not boo vote, which he defines, which he seems to define as anybody who criticizes him or refuses to bend the knee. It offend his ego. If people disagree with him, lemme tell you, when I was president, a lot of people disagreed with me.


You never heard me say anything remotely. Like you go after people in a democracy for disagreeing with you, for trying to punish people, for disagreeing. This is America. This is a democracy. And, and, and, and unlike the first time, unlike the first, unlike the first go round, Donald Trump won't have people like John Kelly around to stop him. 'cause he is already announced. He's planned to surround himself with people who are just as wacky as he is.


We geek out for a minute on something. I think it's gonna be helpful for you. It's called Fatty 15. It's co-founder Dr. Stephanie Vin Watson discovered C 15 as the first essential Fatty asset to be found in 90 years while working with the US Navy to improve the health and welfare of aging dolphins. It's pretty simple. Essential nutrients keep our cells healthy, which keeps us healthy. So if you want To, get sciencey about it. Studies show that C 15, it works by strengthening our cells, improving our mitochondrial function, and protecting us against damaging free radicals. So if you feel like, how could I stop aging faster or I'm sleeping poorly or feeling sluggish? The bottom line is that many of us are deficient in C 15, which results in weaker cells, which results in those things. So Fatty 15 is the Science Fact award-winning vegan and PC 15 supplement that steps in and helps. It works in multiple ways. It repairs age, age-related damage to cells. It protects them from future breakdowns. It boosts mitochondrial energy output and activates pathways in the body that help regulate sleep, mood, natural repair mechanisms that support our overall help. So deeper sleep, smoother functioning joints, healthier hair, skin and nails. That's essential. And the C 15 helps here in Fatty 15 deliver. So it comes in these gorgeous reusable glass bamboo jars and refill capsules that are shipped to your door quarterly in pouches made from recycled materials. I love that. Fatty 15 is on a mission to replenish your se, your C 15 levels and restore your long-term health. You can Get an additional 15% off their 90 day subscription starter kit by going to Fatty fifteen.com/midas and using the code Midas at checkout. That's Fatty fifteen.com/midas FA tt y fifteen.com/midas. M-E-I-D-A-S. Use that code Midas at checkout. M-E-I-D-A-S.


And here Barack Obama talks about some of these MAGA superintendents who keep saying that there should be firing squads to kill Obama Play the clip. I I. I've taken special interest in following the school superintendent race down here in North Carolina in per apparently the Republican candidate's been spreading conspiracy theories and thinks I should face a firing squad. So I guess I am self-interested in I you do not want, look, I, I, I mean I'm serious here.


People, I I, I I. Have friends who are conservative. I have friends who are Republican. We all, we can have differences on issues, but we can't have somebody saying just crazy stuff. Running your school system, purchasing textbooks, allocating resources for our kids. You need somebody like Mo Green who's actually run.


Oh wait, here's Donald Trump on his private jet, by the way, is this the g is this Epstein's jet that he's on right here? I noticed that it's not his big plane and I know he's been renting Epstein's jet that looks like a Gulf stream that he's in right there. It's hard to tell. But here, Donald Trump's telling the audience in Michigan that he's three hours late. 'cause he had more important things to do. Play the clip big screen Campaign, including doing Joe Rogan. And we want to just win. So I said, well, they understand in Traverse City. Otherwise I'll be very upset with myself and I. I think you will. And it's a Friday night so we can sit around, we'll do an extra special job when we get there.


I think we land in about two hours and we're stepping on the gas, but it's all about winning. And we had to spend some extra time with some people and lots of people actually. But we are going to do a special performance and we'll be there. And I think you'll see the plane land and the whole thing. And we really appreciate it. Hope you can stay around. We'll be about two hours. It should land around 10 or a little before that. And I appreciate it very much. We're gonna have a good time tonight. See you in a little while. Donald John Trump en Route.


Here's the front page of Drudge. They quote Donald Trump, who's now calling the USA, the garbage can of the world. And as my friend George Conway writes, he goes, Abraham Lincoln's line. America was the last best hope of earth. Ronald Reagan's line. America is the shining city upon a hill. Donald Trump's line. America is a garbage can for the world. And here was Donald Trump in Austin yesterday talking about that as well. Play the clip. A garbage can. We're like a garbage can. First time. I said it was last night, gave a speech in Las Vegas, 29,000 people an arena. We set the arena record.


That was a big deal arena too. We set the record. But it was an amazing crowd. First time I ever set it, I set it. I don't know, it just came out. Garbage can. We're like a garbage can for the rest of the world to dump the people that they don't want. Compare that to what Vice President, Kamala Harris had to say. Let's play It. I also do wanna address the comment that Donald Trump made about America being the trash can of the world, the whatever he said, something along those lines. You know, it's just another example of how he really belittles our country. This is someone who is a former president of the United States who has a bully pulpit.


And this is how he uses it to tell the rest of the world that somehow the United States of America is, is, is, is trash. And I think again, the president of the United States should be someone who elevates discourse and talks about the best of who we are and invest in the best of who we are. Not someone like Donald Trump was constantly demeaning and belittling who the American people are. America deserves better and Am. And here, vice President Kamala Harris campaign shows the difference between a Harris rally and a Trump rally. Play the clip.


Well, there you have it folks. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.