
What's new from Apple? There's the new iPhone 16 Pro built for Apple intelligence, and it comes with the all new camera control, giving you an easier way to quickly access your camera tools. The new Apple Watch series 10 has our biggest display in our thinnest design ever, and this, it's the sound of active noise cancellation now available on one of two new AirPods four models. So quiet, check out all of the new products and new features@apple.com. You can even buy yourself something new. See apple.com for product availability updates Apple Intelligence coming this fall.


This episode is brought to you by Ring. From package deliveries to lonely pets, ring cameras and doorbells. Make it easy to check in from anywhere, right from your phone. Be there with Ring. Learn more@ring.com.


Vice President Kamala Harris is just mercilessly mocking and humiliating Donald Trump in public. After defeating him in the debate last night, she posted the full video of the debate on her campaign account and said our newest ad just dropped. She also posted this graphic on her campaign account with the text that says Winner and then the headlines how Harris Rattle Trump and dominated the debate. Harris dominates as Trump gets defensive. Kamala Harris dominates Donald Trump in debate, and I'm glad she used that word dominates because it was a dominating performance.


Then her campaign account posted this video with an L for loser for Donald Trump, and it says, Trump on stage here, play this video posted by Vice President Kamala Harris's campaign. I thought I was ready to be back. I thought I was stronger than this, but obviously I'm not. I wanna go home. They didn't stop there. They were doing post after post, like this video of one of Donald Trump's top surrogates, governor Sununu play this clip. Who won the debate last night? Oh, well Kamala definitely won the debate. There's no, there's no question about that. Then Vice President Kamala Harris's campaign posted this from Fox where the guests said that it was a total collapse for Donald Trump.


Play this clip Y re your takeaway from tonight. So I agree with Brett this what has to be thought by supporters of Donald Trump and people in that campaign is a disappointment. June 27th, we talked about before, was a different kind of collapse for Joe Biden. In some ways this has to be thought of as, as a collapse in some ways. I got reaction from Republican friends. The two common things were train wreck and he needs this to end. Then Vice President Kamala Harris's campaign posted this clip from MIT Romney. Let's play it. This was Classic President Trump, a performance in the case of Kamala Harris. Most people didn't know her terribly well other than a few clips that that were not flattering that you might see on the internet.


And people saw, oh, actually she's an intelligent, capable person who has a point of view on issues. And she, she demonstrated that time. And again, Kamala Harris's campaign posted this clip from a former Trump voter. Let's play it. But it also sounds like this debate's cemented for you that you will never vote for former President Trump, at least again. Is that right? Yeah, I mean I, I think that people wanna separate policy from character and I just don't see how you can do that. I can't get behind somebody who maybe I agree with certain policies on, but their character is atrocious and lacks complete leadership. Another clip they posted from a Republican voter, let's play it.


How did Vice, what type of impression did Vice President Harris make on you tonight as a McCain Republican with members of the McCain family now endorsing Vice President Harris? Yeah, Bobby McCain came in and said it would be a disaster for the country if Trump got it back into the office and his brother did too. And so it's just, I mean, I think there's a clear line that there are people who understand the importance of this election and there's people who want to just play, you know, keyboard warriors and making a fuss and and really saying heinous things about other people. I, so that's Trump bully and I think Kamala Harris came out showing some decorum and some presidential nature about her.


So I think we're the door's a little bit open.


Cat food has been the same forever. It's time for cat food to move into the 21st century. Don't you agree? That's why you've gotta try smalls. It's time to make kibble a thing of the past. Smalls cat food is protein packed recipes made with preservative-free ingredients you'd find in your fridge, and it's delivered right to your door. That's why veterinarians.org rates smalls 10 out of 10 for ingredient quality. Now, our cat's favorite flavor is Smooth Fish, and our cats prefer Smalls way more than the previous cat food. I legitimately did a taste test. I didn't actually eat it myself, but put two bowls side by side and they immediately went to Smalls. Smalls was started back in 2017 by a couple of guys home cooking cat food in small batches for their friends. A few short years later, they've served millions of meals to cats across the country. I feel better knowing I'm feeding my cat real food, not burnt gibble. I could finally open a packet of cat food and not get nauseous. I actually recognize the ingredients in a packet of smallest food. So after making the switch to smalls, 88% of cat owners reported overall health improvement. That's great. That's a big deal. The team at Smalls is so confident your cat will love their product, that you can try it risk free. That means they will refund you if your cat won't eat their food now, now is the time to make the switch to small. So head to smalls.com. It's easy to spell S-M-A-L-L s.com, smalls.com/midas and use the promo code Midas at checkout for 50% off your first order PLUS free shipping. That's the best offer you'll find, but you have to use our code Midas for 50% off your first order, one last time. That's promo code Midas. For 50% off your first order, PLUS free shipping, go to smalls.com/midas.


All of this, as we are now getting the ratings as well through the charts, especially in swing states, and you just take a look at the poll that just dropped from Marquette in Wisconsin. It has Vice President Kamala Harris up for, and that didn't even account for the debate right there. Vice President Kamala Harris's campaign also wrote, are you ready for it? The Harris Walls friendship bracelets have hit the store pre-order. Yours now this after Taylor Swift endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris and Governor Walls on the other hand, you have Donald Trump posting this just before. It's a photo of ducks and it says, exclusive police audio confirms geese police audio confirms Haitian goose hunting in Ohio.


He's, he's leaning in on that the thousands of Haitian migrants are eating the pets. That's where he's going with that. He reposts this from Benny Johnson, who's been embroiled in that Russian propaganda indictment. Benny denies any involvement at all in knowing about the fact that he was being given Russian propaganda talking points. But here he goes. Donald Trump's repost this accusing Kamala Harris of having she Hulk energy, and it says that her, she Hulk energy is repulsive to voters.


Her she Hulk energy is repulsive to voters. Donald Trump's social media platform is then posting this actual Hulk flags that say Trump Amania 2024. This is actually on Donald Trump's site, and it's being posted on Trump's site by Cash Patel, who many say Donald Trump would lead the CIA, who is one of the most unqualified and horrific people to ever go anywhere near government or anywhere. Our editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski posted this video right here. It's the photo of Donald Trump leaving the debate last night, leaving the scene of a Beatdown.


Well said, Ron Philip Kowski. Trump media stock is plunging as well down 12.83%. This may crash just completely, but it is again down 12% today. Wow, wow, wow. Donald Trump posted this in the world of boxing moments ago. He posted this in the world of boxing or UFC, when a fighter gets beaten or knocked out, they get up and scream, I demand a rematch. I demand a rematch. Well, it's no different with a debate. She was beaten badly last night. Every poll has us winning in one case, 92 to eight. So why would I do a rematch?


You see, Donald Trump is absolutely terrified there of debating vice President Kamala Harris again after that utter and complete Beatdown that we all saw right there. But there, there you have it, folks. That's what's going on right now. We'll keep you posted as we learn more, but I love that Vice President Kamala Harris, just bringing the fight there. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers real quick. Medi just changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.