
Let's recap the debate between Vice President Kamala Harris and Donald Trump, where she just completely shredded him. Start with the beginning where Vice President Kamala Harris made the power move, walked over to him and shook his hand. Watch this. So let's now welcome the candidates to the stage Vice President Kamala Harris and President Donald Trump. Go. Kamala Harris. Have a good debate. See you have fun. Thank you. Thank You. Vice president of Kamala Harris was asked about the January 6th insurrection. Donald Trump went full election denier mode and Donald Trump just kind of quickly went into unhinged crazy uncle mode.


But watch Vice President Kamala Harris'. Full response to Trump on January 6th. Play. The clip Question was about you as president, not about former Speaker Pelosi, but I do want Vice President Harris to respond here. I was at the Capitol on January 6th. I was the Vice President-elect. I was also an acting senator. I was there. And on that day, the president of the United States incited a violent mob to attack our nation's capitol, to desecrate our nation's capitol. On that day, 140 law enforcement officers were injured and some died.


And understand the former president has been indicted and impeached for exactly that reason. But this is not an isolated situation. Let's remember Charlottesville, where there was a mob of people carrying tiki torches, spewing anti-Semitic hate. And what did the president then at the time say? There were fine people on each side. Let's remember that when it came to the proud boys, a militia, the president said, the former president said, stand back and stand by. So for everyone watching who remembers what January 6th was, I say, we don't have to go back.


Let's not go back. We're not going back. It's time to turn the page. And if that was a bridge too far for you, well, there is a place in our campaign for you to stand, for country to stand for our democracy, to stand for rule of law, and to end the chaos and to end the approach that is about attacking the foundations of our democracy. 'cause you don't like the outcome. And be clear on that point, Donald Trump, the candidate has said in this election, there will be a bloodbath if this and the outcome of this election is not to his liking.


Let's turn the page on this. Let's not go back. Let's chart a course for the future and not go backwards to the past. Let me just, then you had Donald Trump unable to answer a simple yes or no question if he would veto a national abortion ban, and then he throws his running mate, JD Vance, under the bus. Let's play it. Idea and how unfair that would've been. Part of the reason they lost to the millions and millions of people that had to pay off their student loans. They didn't get it for free. But they were saying it's the same way that they talked about that, that they talk about abortion. But If I could just get a yes or no because you're running me, JD Vance has said that you would veto if it did come to your desk.


Well, I didn't discuss it with jd. In all fairness, JD and I, I don't mind if he has a certain view, but I think he was speaking for me, but I really didn't. Look, we don't have to discuss it because she'd never be able to get it. Just like she couldn't get student loans. They couldn't get student loans, they didn't even come close to getting student loans. They taunted young people and a lot of other people that had loans, they can never get this approved. So it doesn't matter what she says about going to Congress. So wonderful, let's go to Congress, do it. But the fact is that for years they wanted to get it out of Congress and out of the federal government, and we did something that everybody said couldn't be done. And now you have a vote of the people on abortion. Then over here, Donald, Trump takes the bait and starts rambling about crowd sizes, and he repeats the baseless claims about migrants eating pets.


And then he gets FactCheck to his face. Harris, thank you President Trump on that point. I want to get your response. Well, I would like to respond. Let me just ask though, why did you try to kill that bill and successfully so that would've put thousands of additional agents and officers on the border? First, Let me respond as to the rallies. Thanks. She said people start leaving. People don't go to her rallies. There's no reason to go. And the people that do go, she's busing them in and paying them to be there and then showing them in a different light. So she can't talk about that. People don't leave my rallies. We have the biggest rallies, the most incredible rallies in the history of politics. That's because people want to take their country back. Our country is being lost. We're a failing nation. And it happened three and a half years ago.


And what, what's going on here? You're gonna end up in World War iii just to go into another subject, what they have done to our country by allowing these millions and millions of people to come into our country and look at what's happening to the towns all over the United States. And a lot of towns don't want to talk. It's not gonna be Aurora or Springfield. A lot of towns don't want to talk about it because they're so embarrassed by it in Springfield. They're eating the dogs, the people that came in, they're eating the cats, they're eating, they're eating the pets of the people that live there. And this is what's happening in our country. And it's a shame as far as rallies are concerned, as far as the reason they go is they like what I say, they wanna bring our country back.


They wanna make America great again. It's very simple phrase, make America great again. She's destroying this country. And if she becomes president, this country doesn't have a chance of success. Not only success will end up being Venezuela on steroids. I just wanna clarify here. You bring up Springfield, Ohio and, and a C news did reach out to the city manager there. He told us there have been no credible reports of specific claims of pets being harmed, injured, or abused by individuals within the immigrant community. All this, well, I've seen people on television. Let me just say here, this is the, The people on television say, my dog was taken and used for food. So maybe He said that, and maybe that's a good thing to say for a city manager.


I'm not taking this from television, But the people on television it from the city manager, the dog was eaten by the people that went there. Again, the Springfield city manager says, there's no evidence of that'll. Vice President Harris, I'll let you respond to the rest of what you've heard. I think you talk about extreme. You know, I, this is, I think one of the reasons why in this election, I actually have the endorsement of 200 Republicans who have formally worked with President Bush, Mitt Romney and John McCain, and including the endorsement of former Vice President Dick Cheney and Congress member Liz Cheney. And if you wanna really know the inside track on who the former president is, if he didn't make it clear already, just ask people who have worked with him.


Here's Vice President Kamala Harris's full response on women's reproductive rights in response to Donald Trump bragging that he overturned Roe v. Wade and claimed that everybody wants it, and that Americans are so happy that there are now Trump abortion Bans across America. Play this clip Mad and vice president wanna get your response to President Trump. Well, As I said, you're gonna hear a bunch of lies. And that's not actually a surprising fact. Let's understand how we got here. Donald Trump hand-selected three members of the United States Supreme Court with the intention that they would undo the protections of Roe v. Wade. And they did exactly as he intended.


And now in over 20 states, there are Trump abortion bans, which make it criminal for a doctor or nurse to provide healthcare in one state. It provides prison for life. Trump abortion bans that make no exception, even for rape and incest, which understand what that means. A survivor of a crime, a violation to their body, does not have the right to make a decision about what happens to their body next. That is immoral. And one does not have to abandon their faith or deeply held beliefs to agree the government and Donald Trump certainly should not be telling a woman what to do with her body.


I have talked with women around our country. You wanna talk about this is what people wanted, pregnant women who want to carry a pregnancy to term suffering from a miscarriage being denied care in an emergency room because the healthcare providers are afraid they might go to jail and she's bleeding out in a car in the parking lot. She didn't want that. Her husband didn't want that. A 12 or 13-year-old survivor of incest being forced to carry a pregnancy to term, they don't want that. And I pledge to you, when Congress passes a bill to put back in place the protections of Roe v. Wade as President of the United States.


I will proudly sign it into law. But understand if Donald Trump were to be reelected, he will sign a national abortion ban. Understand in his project 2025, there would be a national abortion, a monitor that would be monitoring your pregnancies, your miscarriages. I think the American people believe that certain freedoms in particular, the freedom to make decisions about one's own body should not be made by the government. And then one of the most powerful moments I thought was right here. Let's play the clip Weaponization of the Justice Department. Well, let's talk about extreme and understand the context in which this election in 2024 is taking place.


The United States Supreme Court recently ruled that the former president would essentially be immune from any misconduct if he were to enter the White House. Again, understand, this is someone who has openly said he would terminate, I'm quoting, terminate the Constitution of the United States, that he would weaponize the Department of Justice against his political enemies. Someone who has openly expressed disdain for members of our military understand what it would mean if Donald Trump were back in the White House with no guardrails. Because certainly we know now the court won't stop him. We know JD Vance is not gonna stop him.


It's up to the American people. Vice President Harris to stop him. Thank you, Lindsay. Vice President Harris, in your last run for President, Weaponized, please. We got, this is the one that weaponized, not me. She weaponized. I probably took a bullet to their head because of the things that they say about me. They talk about democracy. I'm a threat to democracy. They're the threat to democracy. P was a fake. Russia, Russia, Russia investigation. We do have a lot together. That went nowhere. We have a Lot. And then finally, the last clip I wanna share with you, there's so many more I can share with you, but I think you get the point, is here, vice President Kamala Harris responding to when Donald Trump tries to claim that there's more crime now, which there's actually not.


Crime is way down. She goes, you, you are a criminal. You are found liable for sexual assault. You've been convicted of like multiple felony counts. Here, let's play this one. President Trump, thank you. I'll let you respond. Vice President Harris. Well, I think this is so rich coming from someone who has been prosecuted. Yeah, for national security crimes, economic crimes, election interference has been found liable for sexual assault. And his next big court appearance is in November at his own criminal sentencing. And let's be clear where each person stands on the issue of what is important about respect for the rule of law and respect for law enforcement.


The former vice president called for defunding federal law enforcement. 45,000 agents get this on the day after he was arraigned on 34 felony counts. So let's talk about what is important in this race. It is important that we move forward, that we turn the page on this same old, tired rhetoric and address the needs of the American people. Address what we need to do about the housing shortage, which I have a plan for, address what we must do to support our small businesses address, bringing down the price of groceries. But frankly, the American people are exhausted with this same old, tired playbook.


Vice President Harris. I'd encourage you all to watch the full coverage that we've been doing, the post coverage and the pre coverage. We also were on patreon.com/midas touch if you wanted to see our live reactions when we stream the debate. That's patreon.com/midas. Touch the other big news, Taylor Swift gave a strong endorsement of Vice President Kamala Harris moments ago after the debate, I'm gonna do a whole nother video on her endorsement. She condemned Donald Trump for his use of AI images of her to create false endorsements. Governor Walls embraced Taylor Swift's endorsement.


We'll talk about that in a bit. Hit subscribe right now. Thank you for watching. Have a wonderful day. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.