
I've been seeing a lot of photos like this of Donald Trump, and now Vice President Kamala Harris's campaign is out with a statement on Donald Trump's refusal to debate her. Earlier this morning, Donald Trump did an interview with Maria Bart Roma on Fox, a softball interview where Donald Trump again confirmed that he's refusing to debate Vice President Kamala Harris. Trump says, why should I have to debate her? People already know who I am, and they know who she is. Donald Trump, very, very cowardly indeed. Here's the statement from Vice President Kamala Harris's campaign.


Donald Trump needs to man up. He's got no problem spreading lies and hateful garbage at his rallies or in interviews with right-wing commentators, but he's apparently too scared to do it. Standing across the stage from the vice President of the United States, since he talks the talk, he should walk the walk. And as Vice President Harris said earlier this week, say it to her face on September 10th, she'll be there waiting to see if he'll show up. Vice President Kamala Harris taunting Donald Trump and confirming she will be at the A BC debate that was previously scheduled for September 10th.


Donald Trump, if you're not going to show up, vice President Kamala Harris will debate an empty podium and she will tell the nation what a coward you are. Here was the moment at Vice President Kamala's recent Kamala Harris's recent speech that she gave in Atlanta, Georgia, where she said to Donald Trump, look, if you wanna say these things, if you're gonna go around and insult me and behave like the petulant third grader that you are, no offense to third graders, say it to my face. Or are you too scared? Here's what Vice President Kamala Harris said, play the clip.


So the momentum in this race is shifting, and there are signs that Donald Trump is feeling it. You may have noticed. So last week, you may have seen he pulled out of the debate in September. He had previously agreed to. So, so, so here's the thing here. Here's the funny thing about that. Here's the funny thing about that. So he won't debate, but he and his running mate should seem to have a lot to say about me.


And by the way, don't you find some of their stuff to just be plain weird? Well, Donald, I do hope you'll reconsider to meet me on the debate stage, because as the saying goes, if you've got something to say That press release that was issued by by Vice President Kamala Harris's campaign was titled Donald Trump remains too scared to debate Vice President Kamala Harris.


Instead, what is Donald Trump doing today? He's sending scammy emails like this to the people on his listserv Ben, president Trump himself signed a gold MAGA hat. That's what Donald Trump is sending to people who are on his listserv. When a signed gold MAGA hat from President Trump, it's not the president, when a limited edition gold MAGA hat signed by him, donate to enter, it says PS this contest is only for Trump's closest allies. So your odds of winning are high. With that being said, you're gonna need to decide is if you'd like to wear this proudly or put it in a display case, you know what I think I need to decide is coming up with additional ways to describe you as cowardly, perhaps come up with additional photographs, golden chickens, perhaps.


Is that a better way to get your attention? This, by the way, was from Donald Trump's interview earlier in the day with Maria Bar Roma, where he said, why should I debate here, play this clip? They'd say, oh, Trump's, you know, not doing the debate. It's the same thing. They'll say, now, I mean, right now I say, why should I do a debate? I'm leading in the poll and everybody knows here. Everybody knows me. She wants, here's another clip of Donald Trump trying to explain why he doesn't want to debate. Vice President Kamala Harris play this clip On the debate. She's taunting you now. She's saying he doesn't wanna debate me. Say it to my face, president Trump. That's what she said the other night. Look, she's a third rate candidate.


She failed in her attempt to against many other candidates. You know, she was the first one to drop out. She never made Iowa, and that was when you had a normal press. Now you have a press that's trying to protect her. The media is really dishonest and you have a press. That's right. So maybe she'll do better, I don't know. But I think ultimately when they hear she wants to defund the police when they hear that she wants open borders and always wanted them. But it is amazing. I watched the news yesterday and it's almost like she wants to have strong borders. All of a sudden she was the worst. Borders are in history, and you know, with politics, it's your first thought that you always go back to, she wanted open borders and that's where she'll be.


She wants all of these things that are bad for our country, and she does wanna defund the police. She's weak on police. You know, I have,


Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. And on the app, it lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives you tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and even stress management. That's why I love it. All you have to do is you breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning and you'll know what's going on in your metabolism. Whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs. Then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for that day based on your measurements. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals so you know exactly what's going on in your body in real time. And Lumen will give you tips to keep you on top of your health game. Your metabolism is your body's engine. It's how your body turns the food you eat into fuel that keeps you going because your metabolism is at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to a bunch of benefits, includes including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, better sleep, et cetera. Lumen gives you recommendations to improve your metabolic health. It can also track your cycle as well as the onset of menopause, and adjust your recommendations to keep your metabolism healthy through hormonal ships so you can keep up your energy and stave off cravings. Look, I love Lumen and I know you will too. So if you wanna take the next step in improving your health, go to Lumen, L-U-M-E-N. Do me slash Midas to get 15% off your Lumen. That is LUME n.me/midas for 15% off your purchase. One more time, go to lumen.me/midas, LUME n.me/midas and get 15% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Then you have Governor Josh Shapiro from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. He called Donald Trump out earlier today, many suspect Governor Shapiro's on the short list of potential VP picks for vice president Kamala Harris. Here's what Governor Shapiro had to say about Donald Trump's cowardice play this clip. Governor, I wanna ask you about President Trump's comments we're historically and the presumptive democratic presidential nominee Kamala Harris attended of course an HBCU Howard too. That's right. As we stand here, what do you make of President Trump's attacks on her identity?


She, he said in his words, she only recently quote, became black. Yeah, I, I think it's offensive and it is more of the same from Donald Trump. He attacks other people based on what they look like or who they pray to, who they love the way they were raised. He tries to divide Americans because quite frankly, he struggles with uplifting all Americans. I think it shows a profound weakness in a leader when they can't sell themselves, but instead they gotta attack other people. And attacking the identity of the vice President is shameful and attacking the identity of the vice president. Doesn't it all reflect negatively on Vice President Harris, but shows a real insecurity about Donald Trump?


Listen, this guy is nervous as hell to face Kamala Harris. He's already trying to back outta the debate. Did you notice that? Of course, part of that is because he knows she's gonna whoop him in the debate. She is a skilled prosecutor, a great communicator, but there's another reason why he doesn't really want to debate her and doesn't really want to have a conversation about the issues. And that is 'cause he can't defend his record. He has a record of failure. When he was president, I want you to think about this. When he was president, we had fewer jobs in Pennsylvania. We had less freedom and a whole lot more chaos when Donald Trump was in charge.


And listen, Kamala Harris, what she proposes to do for this nation is uplifting. It is empowering, and it's gonna help make sure we move all pennsylvanians forward from our HBCUs to our skys scraped center cities to our farmlands. And I must tell you that I've been traveling all around this Commonwealth, as you know, doing my job as governor and also making sure that I tell people about the Kamala Harris that I know and that I've known for the last 20 years. Folks are excited wherever I go. Rural communities, suburban, urban communities, they're fired up, they're ready to go. And I think Donald Trump's attacks speak volumes about the kind of coward that he is, about his own failings and say nothing about the great qualifications.


The vice president, here's What Governor Shapiro had to say about Shady or JD Vance. Play the clip Question. Governor JD Vance just said this about you, and these are his words, quote, he compared you to a really bad impression of Barack Obama. What is your response to that? What he said? That's great. I love how we get the real time quotes here. I mean, look, I I don't know, Barack Obama is probably our most gifted order of my time. So I, it's kind of a weird insult, I guess. But look, I'll say this about JD Vance. It is real hard being honest with the American people when you're not being honest with yourself.


JD Vance is a total phony baloney. He is the most inorganic candidate I think I have ever seen on the national stage. He doesn't know what he believes, and that is why it is impossible for him to articulate a coherent message to the American people. 'cause he doesn't believe it. This guy is not exactly off to a good start, and it is clear that Donald Trump really has buyer's remorse with his pick. So if he wants to sling insults in my direction, which I'm not even sure is an insult, let him do it. That's fine. Bring it on. I'll be ready for whatever the hell JD Vance throws my direct.


Thanks everybody. We previously reported how JD Vance did a very weird podcast interview earlier this morning as well, where Shady Vance talked about how he yelled at his son when Donald Trump called Shady. Vance said that when Trump called him Shady Vans was terrified when Trump called him because in the MAGA cult, you have to learn to fear the fear when he calls you so shady. Vance was terrified. And then Shady Van said that he told his son, seven years old son, shut the hell up. Stop playing Pokemon. Donald Trump is calling me. Here's what Shady Van said is he was sitting, well, you'll see, Hey, it's, it's a weird position that he's sitting on this couch here, play this clip.


So hey. I'm like, oh no. So I call Trump and I'm like, Hey sir, what's going on? He's like, jd, you missed a very important phone call and now I'm gonna have to pick somebody else. And I'm, you know, I like tense up and almost have a heart attack. And the the crazy thing about it is my son, who's seven, is in the hotel room with me. And he's really into Pokemon cards right now. He is going through a Pokemon phase. Are you guys into Pokemon? I am back in the day. Yeah. That's a big phase right now, I think in general. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean, he's really into it. So he's trying to talk to me about Pikachu and I'm on the phone with Donald Trump and I'm like, son, shut the hell up for 30 seconds about Pikachu. This is the most important phone call of my life. Please just let me take this phone call.


By the way, even Republican, Carl Rove used to be a pollster for the George W. Bush administration. He's a host on Fox, or a contributor to Fox, rather even he's saying that the momentum here is turning against Donald Trump. Vice President Kamala Harris will emerge from the Democratic Convention, absent any unforced errors with a lead against Donald Trump and a significant lead at that. Like she's already leading him in most of the major polls that have been taken since she's become the presumptive nominee. And now she's officially wrapped up all the delegates necessary.


Here's what Carl Rove had to say or play this clip. Take a look at the national number though, and you get a sense of this. Remember before the first debate with Biden and Trump, by Trump was leading by close to three points or above three points or above three points, depending on when you looked at it. Trump today in the real clear politics average is leading by 1.2%, 1.2 points with, there's an outlier in there there. Polo gives him a five point lead. Without that outlier, he's leading by less than 1%, 0.8. In fact, if you look at it, there were five polls in the real clear politics average that occurred before the 25th of July. Trump leads in all five of those of the, of the five polls that have been held since the 26th of July.


He leads, he leads in only two, she leads in three. So I I, I fully expect that the momentum she has is gonna, is gonna carry her through, unless it's a disastrous vice presidential choice, her this momentum is gonna leave her in the lead at the end of the Democratic Convention. Well, Remember, and look, I understand that Donald Trump doesn't want to debate. I understand how cowardly is, but I do think Americans deserve to see the contrast. On the one hand, vice President Kamala Harris talking about issues and talking about things that matter to the American people like this, You may have seen their agenda, they call it Project 2025, right?


And it is a 900 page agenda of extremism. Project 2025 would raise taxes on middle class families and cut taxes for billionaires, eliminate the Department of Education and end programs like Head Start, which of course would take away preschool from hundreds of thousands of our children. All of this, to build on what Donald Trump did in his first term when he was president, he gave tax breaks to billionaires in big corporations. He tried to cut Social Security and Medicare every single year.


And he and his allies have tried more than 60 times to end the Affordable Care Act. And to take us back to a time when insurance companies had the power to deny people with pre-existing conditions. Remember what that was? Denying children with asthma, breast cancer survivors, grandparents with diabetes. And you know, America has tried these failed policies before and we are not going back. We are not going back. We all here remember what those four years were like, and today we were given yet another Reminder, And.


then you can contrast that to the types of things that Donald Trump's been saying at his traveling Fascist circus events that we've been covering here at the Midas Touch Network. We've been recovering it every year. If you've been watching the Midas Touch every, every day of the last three, four years covering every one of these incidents we've been clipping and we've been showing you what he says like this, where Donald Trump spoke in front of the young Republicans who are high school and college students who are Republican. And Donald Trump says to the young Republicans, the kids, the Gen Z, Donald Trump says, you know how I'm courageous, Donald Trump says, Trump says the most courageous thing he did is when he referred to sexually assaulting women as locker room talk.


And he said, a general praised him for doing that. That's how Donald Trump is speaking to the youth here play this clip. But I went onto that stage just a few days later and a general who's a fantastic general actually said to me, sir, I've been on the battlefield. Men have gone down on my left and on my right I stood on hills where soldiers were killed. But I believe the bravest thing I've ever seen was the night you went onto that stage with Hillary Clinton after what happened. And then that woman asked you the first question about it, and I said, locker room talk. It's locker room talk. What the hell?


Whatcha talking locker room talk? That was not a great, Or perhaps when Donald Trump, if he ever debates, although he's too cowardly too, he will say this, where he at a high school in Iowa decided that he was gonna talk about, at a high school, about hookers and golden showers. He was, he made that part of his speech here, play this Clint. He was with four hookers. You think that was good that night to go up and tell my wife, it's not true, darling, I love you very much. It's not true. Actually, that one she didn't believe. 'cause she said he's a germaphobe. He's not into that. You know, he's not into golden showers as they say, they called us and stuff.


I don't like that idea. No, I didn't. I thought that would be a big problem. I was gonna have a rough night. But that one she was very good on. She said no. So debate Donald or be called a coward every single day as Vice President Kamala Harris's campaign will taunt you and call you out. I'm Ben Mycells. This is the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Thanks for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.