
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going. Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top Podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite Podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today,


It was obviously a very important day and it was about what should be the norm and what the American people should be able to take for granted, which is that one of the most important pillars of our democracy is that there will be a peaceful transfer of power. And today I did what I have done my entire career, which is take seriously the oath that I have taken many times to support and defend the Constitution of the United States, which included today performing my constitutional duties to ensure that the people of America, the voters of America, will have their votes counted that those votes matter, and that they will determine then the outcome of an election.


I do believe very strongly that America's democracy is only as strong as our willingness to fight for it. Every single person, their willingness to fight for and respect the importance of our democracy. Otherwise, it is very fragile and it will not be able to withstand moments of crisis. And today, America's democracy stood vice President that was Vice President Kamala Harris after she carried out her constitutional duty and had the electoral votes certified in favor of her electoral opponent, Donald Trump.


But you take a look here. This is an interesting stat by cspan, the time it took joint sessions of Congress to certify electoral votes. This was always an administerial task until January 6th, 2021, when Trump led an insurrection against our great nation to try to overthrow our democracy. And you heard what Vice President Kamala Harris was saying there in her speech after certifying the electoral votes, which is we're gonna lose our democracy if we don't fight for it each and every day and care about how precious that it is. In 2009, the January 6th counting of electoral votes was 36 minutes.


In 2013, it was 22 minutes. In 2017, it took 41 minutes. In 2021 it took 14 hours and 48 minutes because of the insurrection today in 2025, it took 30 minutes. I wanna share with you just another example of Vice President Kamala Harris's dignity and grace, even in the face of being treated horribly by her political opponent. So this took place as well. One of the things that Vice President Kamala Harris, as the president of the Senate is obligated to do under the constitution, is to swear in the senators for each term.


So she was swearing in Nebraska's senior senator Deb Fisher for the 119th Congress. And I want you to watch here as Magar Republican Senator Deb Fisher's husband refuses to shake hands with Vice President Kamala Harris. Here play this clip. Thank you. Congratulations. Thank you, thank you. Thank look for your work and thank you. Congratulations to you. Thank you. Okay, welcome. Sure. Okay, that makes a little bit, you okay? So much? Can you see her reaction right there as well? She was like, okay. And you can take a look at this photo again, just the pettiness and, and this is what MAGA ISS about.


I'm gonna be focusing a lot on future videos about empathy and compassion and talking about restore the importance of restoring that here in the United States of America because it's not normal for hate fueled rage, bait to dominate, or if it is normal, I refuse to accept that I want to use this platform for good and spreading love and positivity and building political coalitions around these principles of understanding and empathy and, and all of that.


This is from Vice President Kamala Harris. Before she gave that speech I showed at the outset of the video. Here she is, just want you to see it. This is what it looks like to fulfill your constitutional duty. No drama, just going about and doing it. Here she is reading the tally of votes, saying that she lost the election to her opponent. And I know this is hard to watch, I trust me, I hate it. But I think we have to reflect and respect the dignity in Vice President Kamala Harris and also in President Joe Biden. Here play this clip. The state of the vote for the President of the United States as delivered to the president of the Senate is as follows.


The whole number of the electors appointed to vote for president of the United States is 538. Within that whole number, the majority is 270. The votes for president of the United States are as follows. Donald J. Trump of the state of Florida has received 312 votes. Kamala d Harris, Kamala d Harris of the state of California has received 226 votes.


As we kick off the new year, I've got a little secret to share. Over the past few years, I've stopped setting those huge daunting resolutions. Instead, I've made it a point to do something good for my health every day. And that includes using OneSkin. Only Oneskin has the OS zero one peptide, the first ingredient, scientifically proven to target cellular senescence, a root cause of aging, responsible for lines and wrinkles. With OneSkin, you're not just helping your skin look and feel younger on the surface, you're actually helping it behave better at the cellular level. The result visible improvements now and in the future. Here's the thing, small consistent habits lead to big changes. That's why I'm a fan of one skin's complete skin longevity regimen. Their scientifically proven lineup of cleansers, moisturizers, and sunscreens has truly transformed my skin. After just a few weeks using the OS zero one face and the eye topical supplements, I noticed my skin felt fresher, less tired, and even more resilient. Honestly, it's been a game changer for looking and feeling my best. Oneskin was founded by an all woman team of scientists with PhDs in skin regeneration, stem cell biology, immunology, and bioinformatics. After testing over 900 so-called anti-aging peptides, they developed the OS zero one peptide, the first ingredient to reverse skin's biological age by reducing the accumulation of senescent cells, a major driver of skin aging. Their entire r and d process is in-house and backed by rigorous lab and clinical studies. Make 2025 the year you invest in the health and longevity of your skin. Go to Oneskin, do co and use code Midas for 15% off your Otter. That's OneSkin. Do co with code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. After you purchase, let them know you heard about it. Here to support our show. Invest in your skin today with Oneskin your future self will. Thank you.


And Over here, this is Vice President Kamala Harris making the announcement of the CERTIFICATION play. This clip. The state of the vote for the President of the United States as delivered to the president of the Senate is as follows. The whole number of the electors appointed to vote for president of the United States is 538. Within that whole number, the majority is 270. The votes for president of the United States are as follows. Donald J. Trump of the state of Florida has received 312 votes. Kamala d Harris, Kamala d Harris of the state of California has received 226 votes.


The whole number of electors appointed to vote for vice president of the United States is 538. Within that whole number, a majority is 270. The votes for Vice President of the United States are as follows, JD Vance of the state of Ohio has received 312 votes. Tim Walls of the state of Minnesota has received 226 votes.


This announcement of the state of the vote by the President of the Senate shall be deemed a sufficient declaration of the persons elected president and vice President of the United States, each for a term beginning on the 20th day of January, 2025, and shall be entered together with the list of the votes on the journals of the House and the Senate. Thank you very much.


So in contrast to that, this is what Magos were doing. Nancy Mace, we will not let them steal the election from Donald Trump. As our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski says, this is, this is just bizarre stuff right here that we're watching. This was Vice President Kamala Harris earlier in the day as well talking about her constitutional duty. Let's play it. The peaceful transfer of power is one of the most fundamental principles of American democracy as much as any other principle. It is what distinguishes our system of government from monarchy or tyranny Today at the United States Capitol, I will perform my constitutional duty as Vice President of the United States to certify the results of the 2024 election.


This duty is a sacred obligation. One, I will uphold guided by love of country loyalty to our constitution and my unwavering faith in the American people. As we have seen, our democracy can be fragile and it is up to then each one of us to stand up for our most cherished principles and to make sure that in America, our government always remains of the people, by the people and for the people. May God bless you and may God bless the United States of America.


Wanna share this with you. This is Democratic senator from California, Adam Schiff, and he, Senator Schiff, no longer Congress member Schiff. Senator Schiff. He says, look, sure we can hope that are good with Trump. But he goes, we will be ready to vigorously fight back the way we did during his first term if and when he violates the Constitution. We're ready to go. We're ready for that fight here, play this clip. So we have to try to find ways to work together to attack these structural problems Of the county do to focus on those issues and you know, investigations and questions about his conduct and so forth that you were very focused on.


Others were as well. That will be secondary. Well, I look, I think we hope for the best. We keep a focus on trying to get positive affirmative things done for the country. But a lot will depend on how he chooses to govern. If he violates the law, if he violates the constitution, if he abuses his office, we will vigorously push back, fight back, stand up to him as we had to do during his first term in office. But my priority, my priority is to try to get things done for my California constituents. Realizing though they also expect me to stand up to him when he attacks the Constitution or their freedom. And finally, let me share with you, former Republican Congress member Adam Kinzinger, was asked on CNN if he would accept a pardon from President Biden.


He goes, no, why would I accept a pardon? He goes, I didn't. I didn't commit any crimes. There's nothing to pardon me for. I don't want to seem like I absolutely not. Here. Watch this here In New York. Congressman Kininger, should President Biden issue pardons for the January 6th committee members? No. Including yourself. No, I don't want it. Look, here's the thing, you don't want it. No, because the second a pardon has issued, and look, I understand the theory behind it because Donald Trump has clearly said he's gonna go after everybody, and it's not gonna be for the January 6th investigation. What they'll do is they'll weaponize other investigations. So look into everything and start an investigation that'll end up coming to not force people to pay money.


This happened to Brad Raff Asperger in Georgia as he was forced to defend himself. But the second you take a pardon and it looks like you're guilty of something, I'm guilty of nothing besides bringing the truth to the American people. And in the process, embarrassing Donald Trump because for 187 minutes he sat there and did absolutely nothing and showed how weak and scared he truly was. So, no, I don't want it. And you know, the bottom line is, I mean, if he wants to bring, if he wants to bring up January 6th, again, we've had all this talk about how we're moving on from January 6th. And trust me, Anderson, I would love to, like my wife has been defined by this for four years, but if he wants to bring it back, I will be happily talk about everything the committee did and learned and re embarrass all Whoa, Whoa, what some people may not realize. Well Folks, I wanted to share that with you, keep you updated on the events of the day, but also again, reflect on Vice President Kamala Harris doing her job, her constitutional duty.


Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top Podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.