
Comcast is committed to bringing access to the internet to all Americans, including rural communities across the country like Sussex County, Delaware. We were being left behind. Everybody around us seemed to have internet, but we did not. High speed internet is one of those good things that we needed to help us move our farming, our small businesses, our recreation forward. Learn more about how we're bringing our next generation network to more people across the country@comcastcorporation.com slash investment in America.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G. Pt, what do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is knowledgeable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler. The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G. Pt, what do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, Nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if You win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler.


You've Got Mag Republic in Congress. Members getting booed at town halls in Iowa now by their constituents in Ruby Red, Iowa. Watch MAGA Republican Congresswoman Hinson get booed yesterday at her town hall. Play this clip. I was also proud to vote for President Trump's one big beautiful bill last week. This is a generational investment. This is a general investment. This is your time. Okay. Just the level of arrogance there as well by her. I wanna bring in Kyle Kalinsky from Secular Talk.


We gotta break this down together, Kyle, but I think there's some other data points we should look at as well. Let's not forget that on January 28th, 2025, a Democrat flipped a state Senate seat there. That was a plus 21 Trump district there. The latest polls have the Democratic Senate candidate Nathan Sage leading Joni Ernst right there. And if you just listen, this is what I, I always tell people why I love your show. 'cause you listen to your audience. Listen to what the people are calling for in Iowa, they're asking these MAGA Republican Congress members about impeachment because of Donald Trump repeatedly violating the law.


Let's watch this then you and I will chat about it. President Trump and his cabinet, in addition to being totally unqualified and inept, are breaking laws by ignoring federal judges'. Orders. The checks and balances of our government includes Congress's responsibility to hold the executive branch accountable. My question for you is, when are you going to do the responsibility that you were elected for by holding the executive branch accountable up to and including impeachment?


Well, lemme start off by saying that judges need to follow the law. And I don't think this country needs another impeachment charade. That's what we saw in the last Congress and I voted no on that for a reason. Judges need to follow the law as well. And you know what I think is important about the bill we just passed is we have a number of judges who have been activist judges and going beyond the scope of their district courts. And if you look at Congress's law, the laws that are on the books and Congress's role there, judges need to be following federal civil procedures. So our bill includes a provision that would make sure that they follow things like rule number 65, which is what we've seen egregious abuses of by some of these judges recently.


We have a bill called the Rogue Rulings Act, which would help to, to again reel this in. If someone is suing in a district court, they should be provided relief in that district court. It's not a nationwide court decision, it is a district court decision. And that is designed on purpose within our system. And so judges need to be following that law as well. As far as the checks and balances, Congress is executing its right to do that. We are using what's called the Congressional Review Act authority. We've used that in many cases already. This Congress, when we don't like a rule or regulation introduced by the administration, Congress can use the CRA to do that. These votes, many of them have been bipartisan and we have done that several times on rules that I think take our country in the wrong direction.


Many of them are from the previous administration, but I don't care who's president, I'm willing to work with anyone to, again, make sure that we're respecting American citizens again. And 77 million Americans voted to make sure we are advancing these priorities. So thank you again for coming. We are out of time 'cause I've gotta get going to another stop in the district. We're out of time. Kyle. Kyle, we're out of time. Her response was to attack the judges in response to that question, what do you make of everything I just showed Kyle, Geez, where, where do I begin? So I, first of all, to that bill, it's just packed. Eight over $800 billion in Medicaid cuts, which would absolutely destroy this country. That's healthcare for low income people, for disabled people.


It's ripping that away from them. That would be an absolute catastrophe if it actually gets through. That bill is also massive tax cuts for the wealthy blows up the debt and the deficit while it, they functionally raise taxes on working people in that bill. So any defense of it whatsoever at this point just strikes me as flat out evil. Now to that guy's point about impeachment, the real question at this point is, which thing do we impeach him over? 'cause we have so many things to impeach him over. It's gonna be hard to pick just one thing to focus on. But if I had to pick just one thing, I would have to go with the emoluments clause. The corruption is just through the roof. It, it's out of this world.


I've never seen anything like it saying he's gonna take a $400 million jet from Qatar. Could you imagine if Joe Biden did that or Barack Obama did that? What the reaction on the right would be in his first term, he took $160 million from foreign countries while he was president. The fact that the impeachment conversation is not top of mind for everybody right now is just in abysmal failure. We gotta get rid of this guy. We gotta impeach him. He's gotta be arrested. He's gotta be charged criminally. This is untenable. Well, Kyle, you know the beltway class, they're too busy talking about who's gonna be the next left's Joe Rogan. They're saying, is it gonna be Ben? Is it gonna be Kyle?


And we're out there saying, we don't want to be that. Please just listen to what the people are saying in the town halls. The people are suffering right now. Speak to those issues. And that's what you do. So bravely courageously at secular talk, your YouTube channel. So talk to us just about that, Kyle, which is the biggest issues that are facing the American people, are often the ones that the media is not talking about. All you have to do is show the clips that we just showed you. And you don't have to be a political savant to say, you gotta help these people.


They, they, they're, they're, they want the, they want you to fight for 'em, huh? Yeah. People want universal healthcare. They want higher wages. They wanna raise taxes on the wealthy. They want a strong social safety net. They want to end all of Trump's insane war mongering and his threats with other countries and his trade war. To your point, you're not, you don't need a left Joe Rogan. If anything, we should have an anti Joe Rogan on the left. We don't need to, to trick people into supporting us. Just fight for the things that would actually improve people's lives. And then if you build it, they will come. And in this moment, there's a real opportunity bubbling there where you just need some leaders to step up, speak to the voice of the people, as you said, your AOCs, your Bernie Sanders, your Jasmine Crocketts, your Tim Walls.


There are a lot of people who are stepping up now and who are surprising me in a positive way. I mean, you had Tim Walls calling ice the Gestapo the other day. He said, this is Trump's gestapo. He said, that's language that you wouldn't have heard previously. But it's about time that the Democrats took off the gloves and started telling the truth. Just tell the truth. And that's all we have to do. You know, it's such a bizarre thing when, you know, you cover and I cover, I mean, when you watch Trump's speech at West Point and you see him talking about trophy wives and how he doesn't like stealth and I mean just anything he says in a given day, you know, when you see the press conferences that you know that he holds in the Oval Office where he, you know, will berates a reporter because she asks him a question about him being called a a taco.


You know, that he always chickens out the fact that it's YouTube channels like yours and ours and, and, and others in the zeitgeist that are the ones calling it out. While corporate news is not, I it's, it just always shocked me. 'cause I'm like, don't you see it? Yeah. When Governor Walls calls him the Gestapo, it's because these people are literally waiting in front of courts while people are showing up to their immigration hearings and they're freaking disappearing them. And they're sending 'em to concentration camps in El Salvador, in South Sudan, in Libya. And we're supposed to be like, cool, like, cool with that. It's, it's wild.


Democrats need to listen to your show, talk about the things you're talking about, listen to my show, talk about the things I'm talking about. 'cause all we're doing is explaining what's actually happening in the country. On day one, Trump signed an executive order, which functionally raised drug prices. He signed an executive order, which allowed his cabinet to be corrupt and take money from whoever they wanna take money from. I'm not doing anything novel here. You're not doing anything novel here. You are literally looking at what's happening and reacting in real time and pointing at it and saying, that's bad. Am I the crazy one? Did I take the crazy pills? Look at what's happening here. Why aren't, why isn't everybody talking about this? This is incredible. We're watching the destruction of our country right in front of our eyes. And you're talking about finding a Joe Rogan of the left.


Just talk about what he's actually doing and hammer him over it and build a positive agenda to counter the MAGA agenda. And then we win Easy Kyle for a a, there's a lot of intersection in our channels. When we mention you on our channel, people will comment when you mention us on the channel, people will comment. But for some of our subscribers who this may be the first time being introduced to you, although I would think that that's in the, the lesser group of people here. Just tell people about your channel, what you started and going forward, kind of what your overall goals are at secular talk. So, I mean, I'm just a guy with a political science degree who took this up as a hobby in 2008, just giving my opinion on politics.


Then in 2012, I started doing it full-time, never looked back since. And what I do is very similar to what you guys do. I talk about the news, I talk about politics. I give my opinion. I'm trying desperately to drag this country back to sanity. I'm focusing a lot these days on ending Trump's corruption, ending his war mongering, getting our country back from these outright fascists. And that's what they are. They're fascists. And I'm just so happy to have people like you out here now who are, who are in this fight because it means that way. It's kind of, it's been lonely out here for a while. But I'm happy to see you guys thriving and flourishing because it's, it can be a lonely space sometimes and we need more voices like yours that, that to really, you know, change the trajectory of the country and get people riled up and ready to go and ready to fight back.


I feel like that's been lacking for so long. And now we finally have some fight. Well, you paved the way Kyle. I wanna remind everybody that your YouTube channel's called Secular Talk, if you're not subscribed yet, to Kyle Kalinsky, channel Secular Talk, go there now, subscribe, say that might has touched, sent you. We gotta do more of these duets together. I'll come on your channel. We'll, we'll, we'll figure out how to do more of these things. Kyle Would love to man. Thank you very much. And everybody hit subscribe here and help us get to 5 million.


Can't Get Enough Midas. Plus, check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.