
10 years from today, Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses. Lisa's taking now with A A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does and she can finally run with the big dogs and the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.


If you've had that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babbel is the Science Act Language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B A BBE l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The new year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back resolve. To make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply


Super Bowl 59 1 game two teams endless possibilities and there's no better way to make every play more exciting than with FanDuel Sportsbook, whether you're predicting the first touchdown, who will take home the MVP trophy or the coin toss. FanDuel makes it easy to place your bets and feel the thrill of every moment. With live betting all game long, you can jump into the action, adjust your bets, and ride the wave of excitement from kickoff to the final whistle. Plus, to make the Super Bowl even sweeter, new customers can score 200 bucks. When you make your first bet, just place a $5 bet and If you win, you'll get 200 in bonus bets. Download the app or head to fanduel.com/bet. Big and bet with FanDuel official partner of Super Bowl 59 must be 21 plus and present in select states for Kansas, an affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit fanduel.com/rg. Call 1 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 support in Massachusetts or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y in New York.


Latino voters are feeling utterly betrayed by Donald Trump. Well, we told you so. We're hearing stories like this of a MAGA dad sending a text message to his daughter, saying, hi, sweetie. Keep a pic of your passport in your phone. And this lady goes, A text I got from my dad today, he's a Latino who voted for Trump. I'm just numb at this point. I really tried to tell him. We're hearing stories like this. I am laughing at my Latino dad who voted for Trump, you guys. LMAO. This feels so good. I told my dad, if Trump gets into office, his family is going to be affected by it too.


His family is at risk of getting deported. But when I told him that, he said I'm dumb, and that he wasn't true at all because his family came in legally. Now, guess what? They are saying that the country's Cuba, Venezuela, Nicaragua, Haiti, that we're allowed in the US through the Biden Humanitarian Parole Program are at risk of being deported too, even though they technically came in legally. It's just that most don't have their resident card yet, which can take years by the way. And this makes them at risk of being deported or detained. Also, ICE is even trying to detain immigrants who are legal. My dad, since he became an American citizen, thought he was safe. Ha ha ha. No sweetheart, you're still not white.


This feels amazing because he thought this would never happen. I warn them, this is what happens when you back stab La Raza. Latinos for Trump, more like Latinos for discrimination, and we're seeing even within maga, a lot of the white MAGA members are trying to get ice to deport Hispanic MAGA members and just Hispanic people in general. This was a major story that was just reported on. This is in the New York Post. Texas teacher invites ICE to raid his school. Quote, I have many students who don't even speak English. Y'all should come to Fort Worth, Texas to Northside High School. I have many students who don't even speak English, and they are in the 10th to 11th grade.


They have to communicate through their iPhone translator with me. And he says, basically, the United States government should totally overhaul our school system in Texas as well. This video right here went viral of a Latino woman who voted for Donald Trump breaking down. She says, now I'm so scared. Why did you do this to me? God, please protect us. God protect me. Please. Here, watch this. This is so crazy that we voted for Trump. We trust him with his, with the word that he promised us Latinos. This is crazy that starting next week, multiple cities will be hitting immigration that is so crazy that multiple, multiple people are scared to go to work.


I work a lot, did not go to work. And that's crazy because we have a too, I hate that now. I'm so scared for my family and y'all family, y'all, we need to come together and do something about this. Well, I can't speak for God, but I can show you a video clip of Donald Trump's border czar Tom Holman who says that they're going into elementary schools, they're going into middle schools.


He says, because there are a lot of MS 13 members in elementary schools, specifically. Many of them he says are in these elementary schools. And again, they're using criminals and terrorists as pretext criminals and terrorists were never allowed to be here. The Biden administration was very strong on that. Biden's border policies actually led to the least crossings since April of 2020 when Trump was in office. The reason why it was low when Trump was in office was because Trump mishandled Covid. So Biden got it lower than that. There was no chaos with trade wars and tariffs. Things were normal, not chaotic and utterly just disastrous as they are now.


But here's what Tom Holman has to say. Play this clip To avoid arrest. What criminals are hiding in schools, middle schools, elementary schools? You gonna go into those? How many MS 13 members are the age of 14, 17? Many of 'em. So look, if it's a national security threat, public safety fit, and what? What you need to understand is a case by case. Name, another agency, another law enforcement agency that has those type of requirements that they can't walk into a school or, or a doctor's office, run a medical campus, nor other agencies held those standards. These are well-trained officers or a lot of discretion and when it comes to sense location, there's still gonna be supervised review. So it's not like it's an open, open issue, but ice officers should have discretion to decide if a national security threat or public safety threats in one of these facilities, then there should be an option of them to make the arrest.


But Someday you could go into those schools and grab people who are just in the country Illegally on a case by case basis, depending who they are, what the circumstances are.


We've all been there scrambling for that last minute gift that doesn't feel like a last minute afterthought. Well, here's your solution. Trade at Coffee with Trade, you can send a personalized coffee subscription directly to someone's inbox within minutes. It's fast, easy, and guaranteed to impress. Honestly, no other gift gives them something to look forward to every single morning. And I know personally because I look forward to my trade coffee every single morning. And here's the best part. A trade subscription is not just coffee. It's an experience. Every month, they'll get freshly roasted coffee perfectly matched to their tastes from one of the top small batch roasters in the entire country. It's like gifting them a personal tour of the best coffee shops across the US without ever leaving home from light and bright to dark and bold trade is options for every coffee lover. Now, let me tell you about my own experience with trade. I've tried roasters like equator, coffee and steady state from trade, and the quality is unbelievable. The beans are roasted just days before they arrive to my door. So much fresher than anything I would grab at the store and the variety. It is like a new adventure every shipment. Plus the convenience is unbeatable. No more overspending at the coffee shop, settling for something less than amazing or worrying that you forgot to add coffee to your last grocery list. Let's talk about gifting. A trade subscription is the perfect, practical, yet personal gift. It's the gift that keeps on giving literally every day when they brew their coffee, they will think of you. Whether they're a casual coffee drinker or a full on coffee enthusiast like me, trade makes it simple to gift something they'll love. And you know, as the resident coffee geek here at Midas, I would not give my stamp of approval to just any coffee subscription service ready to cross that last gift off your list. Trade is offering their best savings of the year on gift subscriptions Right now. Head to drink trade.com/midas to send a personalized coffee subscription in minutes. That's drink trade.com/ ME IDAs. Don't miss out.


And as I think about what the borders are, Tom Holman has to say, I'm always reminded of clips like this, like this Latino voter who voted for Trump but says that he was really against Trump's immigrant policy and his policy of mass deportation, but he just, he disliked him and so that's why he wanted to vote for him. Here, play this clip. You don't support the anti-immigrant rhetoric. I'm not support the the each immigrant action. Do you support his mass deportations? No. It is not human. Are you afraid that you could be deported in this mass deportation? I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid. Well, all of this is going on to what's Donald Trump doing.


Trump was golfing and selling meme coins, making posts like this, one of a sandstorm sweeping over a city with the dollar sign Trump, which is the ticker to his meme coin, which by the way, is crashing down about 60% over the past 70 days or so. Show you this clip right here. This is from Sherry. This video's going viral. This is her message for the Cubans in Miami who are now being targeted as well by ice related raids and by Donald Trump's policies. Here, let's play this clip. Hey, I just stopped by to check on y'all. How y'all doing?


My Cubans and Venezuelans, especially y'all in Miami. I voted for Donald Trump. What y'all doing? I know y'all having a good day, right? Because you saw what I saw. Yes. You guys saw exactly what I saw that executive order, yes. No longer a pathway to citizenship by bye. You rolled it back. He took it. He used you guys. You guys were pawn. He played you guys. You guys are not one of them.


You thought that you were elevated and you were better than every other minority groups, especially you, Cubans in Miami. I've been around you guys. I know you guys get down. Here's a report also talking about some of these workplace raids that have begun. None of these people are the criminals or the terrorists here play this clip. Ice walked in like it was their empire's own concord land. They were heavily armed. There was no prior announcement. They were blocking off entrances and exits. They were scrambling up delivery ramps. They were banging down bathroom doors to make sure no one was hiding inside. They did all of this without being unable to produce a single name or a single warrant.


According to the mayor, a number of undocumented individuals were detained as well as a US citizen, a veteran of the military who was pressed about his military documents. Now, The very image of seeing migrants walk into those planes, that is something that's part of this shock and all strategy. They're also doing a lot of collateral arrests. So if they find people in the middle of their operations who are not considered criminals, but they are undocumented immigrants, they are arresting them as well. Well, we tried to warn these Latino voters for Trump. Again, f around and find out videos are a very difficult thing because I hate seeing people suffering even if they voted for Trump.


We're all suffering now under Donald Trump is the reality. But you need to take a hard look in the mirror at what you did, what you enabled by voting for this sicko, by putting in this authoritarian regime that hates you. And now the rest of us have to deal with this because you made the a horrible decision for the rest of us. And so it's shameful that you would do such a thing and support such an idiot, criminal, felon, sexual assaulter in Donald Trump. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thank you for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be. Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast Right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.