
This is the sound of your ride home with dad after he caught you. Vaping. Awkward, isn't it? Most vapes contain seriously addictive levels of nicotine and disappointment. Know the real cost of vapes brought to you by the FDA


Right now. Get scary good deals on select ring cameras and doorbells. See who's there. River. Keep your scaredy Cats company. Oh, it's okay, sweetie. I'll be home soon. And protect your crypt from the real monsters. Oh, come on. The sign says take one. Save big on select ring devices right Now@ring.com.


Ryan Reynolds here for I. guess my hundredth mint commercial. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I mean, honestly, when I started this, I thought I only have to do like four of these. I mean, it's unlimited to Premium wireless for $15 a month hour, there's still people paying two or three times that much. I'm sorry, I shouldn't be victim blaming here. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/save. Whenever you're ready. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only. Taxes and fees Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes. C. Details


Every day. Cintas service reps help businesses get ready for the workday. They provide freshly laundered work wear delivered every week. Mats, mops, restroom and cleaning supplies, first aid and safety products to help your employees stay safe. They even test and inspect fire extinguishers and emergency lights. Cintas helps keep your business running smoothly. See what Cintas can do for you. Visit Cintas dot com. Oh, I'm ready. And. get ready for the workday.


A B C Thursdays. Welcome back. Grey's Anatomy is all new. Why didn't you tell Me you were pregnant? The drama going down Bungee jumper from the bridge is cord snap. You need all hands On deck is unbelievable. You Think of God's gift to this hospital, you're just another doctor. My relationship with Catherine is complicated. I'm gonna Sue you. Your lawyers know where to find me. You Are, unbelievable Glazes Anatomy, all new Thursdays ten nine Central on a, B, C and Stream on Hulu.


Follow the money folks. Donald Trump's campaign allegedly paid RFK Junior's Law Firm, at least $100,000 that we know about 11 days after RFK Junior dropped out and endorsed Donald. Trump had tipped to the American muck breakers for breaking this story and getting their hands on these leaked documents. For now we're saying allegedly, but American muck rikers.com got a copy of the legal contract between RFK Junior's Law Firm and Donald Trump's campaign.


So we know at least $100,000 was paid. Then RFK Junior endorses, was that a quid pro quo? Let's just take a look at the source documents so you can see it for yourself. We're gonna be looking at these FEC documents, which I think the latest they would have to be filed is October 15th by the Trump campaign to disclose this. We'll see if that's on the disclosure form. Let's pull open the source documents right here from American Muck Breakers. Let's take a look at this agreement. You see the firm right here, JW Howard Attorneys. This is a legal services contract.


It is a flat fee, meaning it's just basically a one-time payment for services rendered. Here's a hundred thousand dollars. It's not billing hourly like most lawyers do. It's just a flat fee. Here's a hundred K. Take a look right here at the letterhead you see of counsel. RFK Junior. You see that on the top right that shows you that this is where RFK works. Legal services contract Flat v client Donald J. Trump for President Inc. Client is Donald J. Trump for President Inc. Hereby retains the law firm JW Howard Attorneys LTD, to represent client. So client always means Donald J. Trump in the matter referenced above.


In consideration of the legal services rendered by attorneys, client agrees to pay a flat fee, means a one-time payment of a hundred thousand dollars. The fee will be paid within seven days of the date of that the parties execute this agreement. Let's take a look at what the scope of work for this flat fee is. Attorneys will provide client with the following services, political legal research regarding presidential candidate Kamala Harris and any other services reasonably related to those services right here. It's interesting when you look at JW attorneys and their website and see like the type of work that they do or JW Howard attorneys and the work they do, it says that they provide superlative representation to business leaders for more than 40 years.


They are business litigators of the highest caliber. So what they do is business litigation, meaning they sue people and they defend people who are sued. They're not, at least based on this website, like a research, a political research firm that would do opposition research on people like Vice President Kamala Harris. But apparently they're getting a hundred thousand dollars immediately as RFK Junior endorses Donald Trump. So you take a look on other sections of this retainer. It talks about there's disputes, talks about the client file. It's otherwise, it's a pretty bare bones agreement.


You see that it's signed by David Warton on behalf of the Trump for President Inc. And then it's signed by someone on behalf of the JW Howard Attorneys. A hundred thousand dollars. There you go, right there. And look, what's interesting about all of this, right, is that RFK Jr, I mean, had previously said that he was never going to endorse Donald Trump. I mean, if you look at all of the statements that RFK Jr's made, you hear my cute doggies in the background. If you take a look at all of the statements that RFK Jr made in the past, you know, he basically says that Donald Trump's the worst human being ever to live. Essentially, if you take the cumulative nature of his statements.


And here he is a year ago saying that he would've dropped out, that he, if he ever dropped out, he would never endorse Trump because his wife would divorce him, play this clip. So naturally there's been calls for Trump to pick you to be his running mate. If Donald Trump picked up the ball right now, asked should to be his vice president, would you say yes? No. And why? Well, first of all, it would be I would be getting a divorce from my wife. And second, And let me show you here what Donald Trump had said about RFK Jr. In the past. Donald Trump said, I'd even take Biden over JR because our country would last a year or two longer prior to collapse, it would be dead.


Either way, his views referring to RFK Jr on the vaccine are fake, as is everything else about his candidacy. Here's another post by Donald Trump about him. RFK JR is a Democrat plant, a radical left liberal who's been put in place in order to help crooked Joe Biden. A vote for Junior would essentially be a wasted protest vote that could swing either way, but would only swing against the Democrats if Republicans knew the true story about him. He's anti-gun extreme environmentalist. Who makes the green new scammers look conservative, hears Donald Trump's top spokesperson. Caroline Levitt. Call him a radical leftist.


Here's what she has to say. Play the clip. K JR is a radical leftist. He campaigned for Obama and Hillary in the past election cycles. He supports his 70% income tax on the American people. His energy. Aja is more on brand with communist China than the United States of America. He's a radical.


Have you ever felt uneasy leaving your home, wondering if everything will be safe while you're away? I do. Sometimes I just moved. You see the new background? I want to start off right with the right home security system that I can trust to cover all my bases. It's why I use SimpliSafe. So what makes SimpliSafe stand out for me? With fast protect monitoring and lifeguard protection, SimpliSafe agents can act within five seconds of receiving your alarm and can even see and speak to intruders to stop them in their tracks. You'll never be locked into a long-term contract, which I like. And pricing is transparent and affordable. Less than $1 a day with no hidden fees ever, which I think everybody likes. SimpliSafe has been named the best home security system by US News and World Report for five years running an offers the best customer service and home security according to Newsweek. It's easy to install and activate your SimpliSafe system in less than an hour, or choose a professional installation to have a pro do it for you. So Protect your home with 50% off a new SimpliSafe system, plus a free indoor security camera. When you sign up for Fast Protect Monitoring, just visit simplisafe.com/midas. That's simplisafe.com/midas. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Here's how you spell it one more time. S-I-M-P-L-I-S-A-F e.com/m E-I-D-A-S. That's simplisafe.com/midas.


But then now we're learning that there was money exchanged here apparently. And then there's an an endorsement vice president, Kamala Harris wouldn't even talk to RFK Jr. RFK Jr said that when he spoke with Donald Trump when he gave that endorsement in Phoenix, Arizona. Here's what RFK Jr said in Phoenix a few weeks back, play It and interfering with our elections. Following my first discussion with President Trump, I tried unsuccessfully to open similar discussions with Vice President Harris. Vice President Harris declined to meet or even to speak with me, suspending my candidacy.


Then RFK Jr said that what his strategy was going to be is where he thought it would help. Donald Trump. He would try to stay on the ballot and where he thought it would hurt Donald Trump and he could be a spoiler, he would remove himself from the ballot. So he basically said that he was going to try to play games and manipulate the system to try to rig it in favor of Donald Trump. Here play the clip. Oh, I want everyone to know that I am not terminating my campaign. I am simply suspending it and not, not ending it. My name, my name will remain on the ballot.


In most states, if you live in a blue state, you can vote for me without harming or helping President Trump or, or, or Vice President Harris in red states. The same will apply. I encourage you to vote for me and if enough of you do vote for me and neither of the major party candidates win 270 votes, which is quite possible. In fact, today our polling shows them tying at 2 69 to 2 69 and I could conceivably still end up in the White House in a contingent election. Woo-hoo. But in about 10 battleground states where my presence would be a spoiler, I'm gonna remove my name.


And I've already started that process and urge voters not to vote for me, Right? Everything with these guys is always projection and confession. This was when Donald Trump, remember this leaked video that RFK Junior's own kid published, this was RFK Junior when he called Donald Trump. And this deal, I suppose, was being negotiated. Let's play it. I Agree with you, man. Something's wrong with that whole system. And you know, and it's the doctors. If I remember I said I wanna do small doses. Small doses. When you, when you feed a baby Bobby, a vaccination that is like 38 different vaccines and it looks like it's been for a horse, not a, you know, 10 pound or 20 pound baby, it looks like you're giving, you should be giving a horse this.


And you, do you ever see the size of it? Right? You know, it's this massive and then you see the baby all of a sudden starting to change radically. I've seen it too many times. And then you hear that it doesn't have an impact, right? But you and I talked about that a long time ago. And anyway, I would be, I would love you to do something and I think it'll be so good for you and so big for you and we're gonna win. We're gonna win. Went way ahead of the guy. And you know, he's interesting. He was very nice actually. He called and he said, how did you choose to move to the right? Because you know, so I guess that's, people said, you know, if I was looking straight up, he said, how did, I said I was just showing a you and I didn't have to tell him the truck was on, all the people pouring into our country.


But, but now we was just turned my head to show the chart and something wrapped me and it, it felt like a giant, like the world's largest mosquito. And it was, it was a bullet going, right? You know, it was, what do they call that? An AR 15 or something? It was a big gun. It was a pretty, pretty tough guns, right? And again, I want to give a special hat tip to the American muck breakers. They do. They do good research over there. Check them out American muck breakers.com. I wanted to show you that source document so you could see it for yourself right there. And are there other documents like, this was leaked, that's how we got it.


But are there other documents and contracts and agreements like this out there? You know, I'm sure there are. And this is, it's all transactional. It's all payoffs in that world with Trump and everyone he's affiliated with. That's it that see through it. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million together. Thanks for watching Real quick, metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.