
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


This is an emergency episode of the Midas Touch Podcast. I wanted to bring in Harry Litman of the Talking Feds YouTube channel, the Talking Feds podcast, which is partnered with the Midas Touch Network. Now, Harry used to be a United States attorney in Pennsylvania, which is basically the top federal law enforcement officer in the state, the top prosecutor in the state. Harry was a leader within the Department of Justice. So he knows the ins and outs here better than anybody out there, pretty much. So it's important that we have Harry here for his very specific expertise. That's why his YouTube channel's called Talking Feds.


He's a former Fed, he brings in federal prosecutors. He has the experience in this area. So you know, Harry, to learn that Matt gats, who was under federal investigation at one point, was nominated by Donald Trump to be the Attorney General of the United States of America. Matt Gats has now apparently resigned from Congress. He's intent on taking this position. We hear a lot of resistance on the hill from senators, but Donald Trump apparently is keen to go around the senators, do recess appointments, get Matt Gates, and there's a whole bunch of other appointments that we should be discussing as well.


Tulsi Gabbard to be the DNI head that's in charge of our national intelligence infrastructure to have Tom Holman run Ice. Christie Nome to be the Homeland Security secretary, Marco Rubio to be Secretary of State, I guess out of that bunch. Marco Rubio, probably the most normal of them, and that's saying something right there, but some real dangerous people. Hillary Clinton warned that Tulsi Gabbard may have been compromised by Russia, and May is doing a lot of work there in my statement, because she's been making posts that seem to just mimic Russian propaganda, almost word for word, talking about Ukrainian biolab as the reason why Russia was justified in unlawfully invading Ukraine.


She's made a lot of statements like that. But let's start at the outset here, Harry, you know the Department of Justice about better than anybody. You worked at the top positions there. How is this hitting the DOJ? What should the country know about Matt Gaetz being nominated for this position? What's your reaction, Harry? So, you know, we've been holding our breath a little since Tuesday. So for how bad could it be? I think Gates is would've been a likely choice if there were a parlor game of who is the absolute worst choice for Attorney General so bad that it couldn't even be considered.


And indeed he wasn't even on the list. He is really the perfect anti ag. He, as you say, has, has, has been a long time himself under investigation. He seemed to have skated through the raindrops because a witness wouldn't come forward, but it's, it's inculcated him great and antipathy for the mission of the DOJ. He has been a Trump loyalist in all the sort of fights with the DOJ and has been deeply hostile toward it. He will approach not just with Zeal, but with a certain viciousness, the goal of hollowing out the career staff.


Let, let me just amplify on that for a bit because as you say, I was a line prosecutor in different offices, but I was at main justice you have today, I'm sure you know, aligned to throw up in the bathroom. People could not be more horrified. And I've spoken with some of them. They anticipate either that they will be forced out more or less by if they try to do their jobs and that their, the very best scenario is that their lives will be made miserable. This is a guy who has as his mission, the undoing of the whole prosecuting without fear or favor goal of the, and lifeblood, the heart and soul of the Department of Justice.


He's coming in like with an ax at the foundations of the entire department. People are horrified, could literally, I think Ben could worse than our worst worries. He also now let's you know, he's someone he continues to be under investigating the ethics committee for illicit Drug use and sexual misconduct. He's the kind of guy, you know, he flashed his pictures of his sexual contact request on the floor of the house. He is deeply unpopular there. And this recess appointment, we should talk about it more, but I'll just say for now, he is someone who not only would be a reviled within, I'm not talking about Democrat versus Republican.


I'm talking about 99% of the legal culture, Republican and Democrat would say this guy is the worst kind of figure you can have atop the Department of Justice, the most damaging, the most corrosive, the most cynical. So who will not only be there for deeply unfair reprisal, prosecutions, but will just hollow out the entire career staff. I am trying to maintain a calm tone, but this for the, in the annals of the Department of Justice really is a a day that will live in infamy.


He is far worse even than a Matt Whitaker. You know, someone who, who maybe came in with disrespect for the Department of Justice. He's an antagonist. He himself is, you know, really suspect in his own behavior and he will just come at it with a wrecking ball and gleefully and, and do it with contempt for the entire career staff, which again is the lifeblood of the department for all the bated breath we've had since Tuesday. This turns out to be last Tuesday worse even than we might have thought.


There's just no way to sugarcoat it. This is a disaster for the rank and file of the department for certain people who are going to be in the cross hairs completely unfairly like Matt Smith. And really for the American people who may not realize it now, but ha and rely so much on a democracy that has at its foundation the rule of law and a tradition of prosecution without fear or favor, that is just being blown up with dynamite in the form of Matt Getz. So Harry Litman everybody.


Just a reminder, he hosts the Talking Feds podcast. He runs the Talking Feds YouTube channel. Everybody, make sure you subscribe to the Talking Feds YouTube channel. Let's call in another guest who works with the Midas Touch Network. You know him of course, Michael Poppa. He runs the Legal AF YouTube channel. So both are affiliated with the Midas Touch Network as we continue to grow, make sure you subscribe both to the Talking Feds YouTube channel and the legal AF YouTube channel Popa. I wanna show you some of these video clips of Matt Gaetz. Then get your reaction because Harry was talking about this is worst than the worst fears of people who monitor the Department of Justice, who know the ins and outs of what Matt Gaetz means as a threat to law and order in the DOJ.


Here's Matt Gaetz at a recent committee hearing comparing federal agents to cockroaches here play this clip. And you know, one thing you kind of notice is that, you know, feds are like cockroaches. You see one outside the walls, there's probably 10 behind the walls that you don't see. And in this particular case, we deserve the truth, the answer. Matt Gaetz said that the only women who care about reproductive rights are ugly women here play this clip. Is it safe to say that based off of your comments, you're suggesting that these women at these abortion rallies are ugly and overweight? Yes. What do you say to people who think that those comments are offensive? Be offended.


Let me show you right here what he posted recently before the election. He said the core plot of the Barbie movie was distracting men. So they wouldn't vote, don't make the Barbie movie come true. And let me show you this, this is Kevin McCarthy right here on CNN. Here's what he had to say about Matt Gats and here Kevin McCarthy doesn't shy away from talking about, he says he hopes the young women get justice they deserve when it comes to Matt Gaetz here, play this cliff, Get boo off. That's the way they, you would get booed off the stage. That's, that's the biggest challenge we Have.


He said you would get booed off the stage. What's your response to him? Well, You know, he looks very unhinged. I mean a lot of people have concerns about him and I'm not sure if he was on something, but I do hope he gets the help that he needs. But more importantly, I hope the young women get the justice they deserve when it comes to him. I mean you're referring to the House Ethics committee investigation that is ongoing To have Yeah. With with his partner in jail because they paid underage women for sex and drugs. Yeah, that's what I'm referring to. So he, he has denied all of that. I'm wondering, doesn't he deserve the presumption of innocence here? Well, people are in jail. The women have confirmed it. He came to me. If I started still wanted to be speaker, I could have done something illegal and stopped.


The Ethics committee investigation that started four years before he Told you to stop the ethics. Yeah, that that's what the, that's what the whole motion to vacate was about Hebel. He wanted me to engage and thought somehow I started this investigation. It started long before I was ever speaker. I, and as you know, as Congress, I don't get involved in ethics. It's an equal number. They could investigate me. It's, it's, it has to be its own arm and branch. And so he wanted to leverage me to try to do that. And if I didn't, he wanted to do a motion to vacate. And he, he's denied that, of course, that he urged you to stop the investigation. No, I had other members come to me. He came to me. I had other people who were on tv. You Direct conversation that He talked to.


Yeah, yeah. So no, there's no denying it. So He was Michael Pope pop of the illegal AF YouTube channel. You heard what Harry had to say. What's your reaction to all of this? I'll take it from the, our adversaries abroad. If I envision a meeting right now going on a debriefing room for Putin, and I'm sure he said, okay, let me, let me go through all of this with everybody who is their head of the Department of Defense. It's gotta be a colonel or a general or some lead strategist for them, right? No, it's a talking head from Fox News that hosts their New Year's Eve show. O Okay, so let's go over their attorney general position.


They're the shining light of justice around the world, right? That's part of the American brand. So they must have a former Supreme Court judge or a justice or a prosecutor of some heft and gravitas, right? Like, you know, they picked Merrick Garland on the Democrats side who was gonna, was this close to being a Supreme Court justice? No, it's Matt Gates. I, I'm sorry. Matt Gaetz. We said premier. Oh, the, the guy in the sex trafficking allegations. This is the guy who never practiced law for more than a minute. This is their head of their Department of Justice. Donald Trump must really hate his, his citizenry then who, who is their head of national intelligence? It's gotta be somebody a, a former spook or a spy master like me.


You know, my counterpart who, who is it? I'm sorry. Tulsi Gabert is their I mean? This is a big middle finger to the American people and insults the intelligence of even the people that voted for him. I mean we can, we can set aside for a minute why 2 million people on the Democratic side decided to sit out democracy for the next four years and, and not vote. But here all we're doing is emboldening our adversaries. We could not Donald Trump is doing inside this country what our adversaries could never hope to accomplish with their trolling, their cyber attacks and the rest, he's doing it for them.


I mean to put these inflatable dolls, these puppets in front of these major, major institutions. Think of the signal it sends to the rest of the world. And just as Harry said about what this, this is gonna do to the morale of the Department of Justice and line prosecutors and the rest, who I'm sure we're hearing the typing now of their resignation letters. 'cause they'll never know. Self-respecting prosecutor like in Harry's level would ever, would ever even stick around to meet Matt Gaetz at the welcome party. They'll be long gone just as Jack Smith will be long gone. In addition, he's doing the exact same thing to the military by lopping off the heads of all of the, of the brass, the generals three star and four star are gonna replace them, I guess with captains and colonels that'll be elevated to four star generals to support Donald Trump.


And what, what signal does that send not just to the American people, I'll get to that in a minute, but to our enemies, terrorists a nation states about the, if anybody doubted that the American Empire is in decline, look at the clown show that Donald Trump is thinking he can get away with. Mainly because he's gonna be with, with Elon Musk, his own Secretary of State, his own Secretary of Defense, his own direct. He doesn't listen to intelligence briefings. Anyway, we knew that from 2016. So it doesn't really matter who's in that particular position. And now the major big giant middle finger to the American people, including the people that voted for him, is Matt Gates. Somebody who's this, who's this close to getting convicted or prosecuted for sex trafficking of underage girls and who the ethics committee to this moment is still investigating with an open investigation.


And you saw the, all the other disgusting clips that you had. This is the person that you're supposed to go home to your children and say, look, look Billy, this, this is who our president just picked as a role model as the chief legal officer of the United States that I did, I'll leave it on this Ben, I didn't think it would take this. I I I didn't think it would. I thought it would take longer for Donald Trump to overplay the hand that he was dealt last Tuesday. And, and now we gotta treat this as a gift. We gotta pin 'em down and make 'em as lame duck as possible and do everything we gotta do in the courts. A Matt Gaetz LED Department of Justice, I'll we'll take them on in the, in the courts.


But, but we, but here, here's the issue. We have to use this and point it out to all the people to say, look at this clown show that he has reduced America to with his selections and cramming it down America's throats. And if this is the reason he wants Thune or you know, anybody in the Senate to, to ish to have an immediate recess in order to cram down our throats, the Acting Attorney General Matt Gaetz, then we gotta stand up now hair on fire and make sure that senate, which allegedly are already rebelling, we think maga against this bridge too far, this gates too far that Donald Trump has just selected in the Attorney General.


Harry, I want you to talk through recess appointments. What that means. You know, John Thune, Senator from South Dakota Republican, more of a moderate. If there was any good news today you got John Thune as the majority leader, what power he holds. I wanna talk about that. I wanna remind everybody though, who's watching you have the Talking Feds YouTube channel that's led by Harry Litman. It's so important right now that we build these sources of accurate data. The corporate media has just completely let us all down. It's a big understatement.


So we here at the Midas Dutch network are working to branch out and build all of our legal knowledge, right? So you have the Talking Feds YouTube channel run by Harry former United States attorney. He brings other top prosecutors on. You get some great information there, right? We have the Legal AF YouTube channel with Michael Pop Daily Hot Takes there led by Michael Poppa and then everybody, you should check out midas plus.com as well. M-E-I-D-A-S-P-L-U s.com. That's our substack. We're trying to build this look, we all know, we know unfortunately we're, we're already under attack.


We're gonna be under attack from these forces. We have to build and consolidate right now. Build these protective moats around what we're doing so we can keep getting out accurate information. Harry, I'm being told by our producer, I have to cut to our pro-democracy sponsors. I'm gonna be right back. This will be quick. This is, we don't have outside investors so this is what we gotta do. Then I wanna hear about the recess appointments. We'll be right back after this quick break.


PrizePicks is the best way. To get action on sports in over 30 states, including California, Florida, Georgia, and Texas. PrizePicks is the only real money daily fantasy platform with an injury insurance policy so that your lineups stay in play even if one of your players gets injured. If your player leaves in the first half and doesn't return price picks keeps your lineup live price picks puts their members first. So all withdrawals are fast, safe and secure. When my picks hit, I can get my money in as quick as 15 minutes. That's huge. Sign up today and get $50 instantly. when you play $5, you don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed. PrizePicks also offers weekly promotions that can lead to big payouts like Taco Tuesday. Each Tuesday PrizePicks discounts Select player projections up to 25% to provide even more value for your lineups. Think Justin Jefferson will get more than 83 and a half yards next week. Lamar Jackson passed for more than one and a half touchdowns. Cook up hot takes with your friends and win real money this football season when you and your crew run your game on PrizePicks. PrizePicks is the best way to win real money this football season. Which players are going off, which ones are? Make your picks in less than 60 seconds and turn your sports opinions into real money all season long on PrizePicks. This week on PrizePicks, I'm looking at the football board and selecting Jamar Chase for more than 79 and a half receiving yards. And Patrick Mahomes for more than one and a half passing touchdowns. Let's see how I do. Download the app today and use code Midas To. get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's right. Just download the app today and use code Midas To. get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Price pick. Run your game.


Do you Make coffee at home? Well it only takes one minute to transform your experience forever. Thanks to our friends at Trade With Trade, you'll discover that the secret to making amazing coffee is too well start with amazing coffee perfectly matched to your taste, roasted to Otter and deliver directly from America's top independent roasters. And you know, as the resident coffee geek here at Midas, I would not just recommend any coffee service. No matter how you brew or what equipment you prefer. Getting coffee from trade is the easiest way to instantly improve your at-home coffee experience trade partners with top independent roasters from small towns across the USA places you'd love to visit. And they handpick the best coffees for you to enjoy delivered fresh to your door on your schedule. I've been trying a few roasts from trade and each one has been incredibly fresh and full of flavor. I love that first moment when you open the bag. The aroma is incredible. My mornings feel like a real coffee shop experience right now, but honestly, way better. And I don't have to leave my house and spend a lot of money. My wife and I always brew the latest beans we get from trade and have a little coffee date each morning. It's honestly the highlight of our day and trade just sent us this good vibes coffee from OSA called Greater Goods Coffee in Austin. It was awesome. Don't settle for. Okay coffee. Head to drink trade.com/midas to receive your first bag free. That's drink trade.com/ ME IDAs To. get your first bag free with any new subscription.


Need a break from the crowded stores and endless gift lists this holiday season? Restore your Zen and embrace the natural power of cannabis with Via. Whether you're having a Cozy Night Inn or joining the festive celebrations v's premium, THC and THC Free Gummies can help you find that perfect holiday balance Via is known for its award-winning THC and THC Free Gummies Vapes, THCA flour soothing topicals and calming drops. All crafted with high quality hemp sourced from trusted independently owned American Farms. And the best part via Legally Ships to nearly all US states in discrete packaging directly to your door with a worry-free guarantee. No medical card required. I've been using vias gummies and they've been amazing for unwinding after a long day. The balance between relaxation and focus has been perfect and it's so refreshing to know I'm using a product that's organic, vegan and crafted with care. The Dreams Sleep gummies really have been a game changer to help me unwind after a chaotic day with Via You're unlocking the Power of nature. They're the only lifestyle hemp brand that combines hemp with active plant extracts for targeted effects from better sleep and boosted mood to products for focus or relaxation. They've got something for everyone. Plus they offer a range of THC levels. So whether you're looking for a mild microdose or a stronger effect, they've got you covered this holiday season. Gift yourself some peace of mind if you're 21 or over, check out the link to via in our description and use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S to receive 15% off. After you purchase, they'll ask where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them we sent you enhance your every day with via this holiday season.


Harry Litman talk about it. Recess appointments, what does it mean, what's gonna happen? Walk us through it. I will, lemme just quickly Amplify a couple things that, that Michael said first, by the way, late breaking news for, for our listeners is now Lauren Bobert is, is gonna be nominated for Secretary of Education, which is the next best thing for him, for getting rid of the Secretary of Education altogether, given her extreme views that she could be a wrecking ball there as well. I just wanna say as You can't just go Lauren Bobert. I, I, I saw Harry Memes of that as a, as a prank because I saw that just the idea of it was so preposterous that that could never happen.


And I saw, given that you have Matt Gaetz as the Attorney General, anything is possible. But I want to, IIII wanna make sure that's accurate data. 'cause I saw a lot of fake memes of the Lord Bober All. Well, I have a statement from President-elect Donald J. Trump. So him, he's quite a counterfeit, I'm thrilled to announce the incredible Lauren Bobert will be taking the ratings of, oh yeah, What, what, can I just ask a question before Harry, for, for the group, what does Marjorie Taylor Green get then she's gonna Right. What, what is Marjorie Taylor Green gonna get in this administration one more time? Right, By the way, so Ben, first good question.


And Ben, you know, if Harry fantastic counterfeit, let, let's put it aside for now. 'cause I wanna To get I still the, the, the Lauren Bobert piece though. Yep. I still think that the, look, let's put it this way, the fact that we're even talking about that being a possibility is a, a strong indictment of the current situation. I still think I, I have to double check. I think that there's a lot of people writing things that are inaccurate and they're attributing it to him. So IIII wanna be super careful. I'm not sure that one is accurate yet.


We'll get, we'll get more data and info on it. But we do know the following. We do know Matt Gates, attorney General fact. We do know Christie Nome, South Dakota governor. We do know that she, she's Homeland Security Secretary being nominated there. That's a fact. Tom Holman, author of Project 2025, who talks about bloody mass deportations, border czar. We know that to be a fact. We know Tulsi Gabbard, head of DNI, she'll literally be in charge of our national intelligence. And many people believe that she is compromised by Russia because she parrots a lot of the Russia talking points.


We know that to be a fact. Marco Rubio as Secretary of State, we know that to be a fact. Mike Huckabee. So for, for all of the people who were part of the, you know, non-com commit vote, or a lot of people who were protesting Vice President Kamala Harris and said that Donald Trump's gonna be great to the Palestinians. Mike Huckabee doesn't even say the word West Bank. He calls it Judea and Sumer and says, I'm not even acknowledging the existence of it. It should basically be annexed by Israel and Marco Rubio the same thing. Marco, Marco Rubio's position Marco, who We would've considered an adult. I I do wanna make this point first.


Mea culpa in a, in a commercial, I, it could well have been a You got me here, Meredith, you have me here to It could have been true. It, it easily could have been true. Wait, wait, wait. Because here's what I do wanna say about what Michael had to point out. This is so much with Matt Gaetz not about Party. I guarantee you the entire professional ranks of attorneys and especially DOJ alums in Washington, whether the RS say it or not, are horrified. This is the department where on the fifth floor, you're talking Merrick Garland, but you're talking Edward Levy, a a, you know, Republican stall water who cleaned up the, the rottenness after Watergate.


Robert Jackson, Robert Kennedy. This is a tradition that is way, way bigger than the Democratic Republican kind of conflict. So Gates is really a singular figure. Alright, let's talk recess appointments. And yet look, they get a little nerdy, but this is the way in fact that Trump is gonna be able to work as well and we need to be able to explain it. Why would he want a recess appointment? Gates you already heard and you saw it when with McCarthy is deeply unpopular and he has to say the least a checkered past whether or not he met, met the federal jurisdictional requirements for sex trafficking.


His overall hijinks with the convicted associate in Florida, Greenberg of his conduct with underage girls and drugs are, is really not in any dispute. That's gonna be one colorful and incendiary background report. And, it will give the Democrats something they have little chance at now, which is hearings where they can bring out the bad points to the American people. So what's the possible solution? The Constitution permits recess appointments. You can imagine, especially back then when the Senate sat only for a few months at a time.


You want the Senate to have advice and consent on any nominees. It's deeply important, but the President has to, at some time be able to run the government. So what the Constitution says is interpreted by the Supreme Court is if the Senate is in recess and the court has said, that's gotta be a real recess. They tried this before where they said, nominally we're in recess, but we're still holding these sessions. Court said, no, they have to be in real recess at least 10 days. Then you can make these appointments. And when you make these recess appointments, which can last up to a year and then be renewed, you don't have to go through the background investigation, the hearing, the vote, et cetera, which a guy like Gates, not withstanding Trump's large victory could really be voted down.


He would be a controversial nominee. So that seems to be the plan that that Trump is calling for. He wants to do it by recess appointment. He's making it sound as if it would be for speed. It takes too long, but it's, that's really not gonna be, speed is not the issue when you have 53 centers. The issue is airing the dirty laundry and absolute incompatibility for the job of Matt gets if he tries it. However, the question will be, is there a real recess here? Is it the kind of thing that the Supreme Court will uphold? Because if it isn't uns, scrambling the eggs after is a total mess.


It means that he could be in office illegitimately and there could be a cloud over anything and everything he does. So it'll be easier for Trump to do it straight away, but that it'll be at the cost of a hearing and attention focused on Getz and his really almost singularly poor record to try to lead the Department of Justice. Let me do this, make this a little interactive with all of our viewers here. And a programming note as well. After this live, you should automatically be taken to the legal AF live as well, hosted by Michael Poppa and Karen Friedman Magnio the midweek episode.


If for whatever reason it doesn't take you there, just click on it because Michael Popa, Karen free Magni, have one of the most watched shows on YouTube legal AF. Here's how I wanna To get interactive though. Do one Blue Heart, please. If you are subscribed to Harry Litman's YouTube channel talking Feds, do two blue hearts. If you are subscribed to Harry Litman's YouTube channel talking Feds as well as the legal AF YouTube channel, now do three blue hearts. If you're subscribed to talking Feds and legal AF on YouTube and you are a subscriber to midas plus.com, our new Substack community as well.


We're trying to find ways to grow this because you know, one of the ironies, Michael Poppa that I've seen is this is the chaos, the drama, the danger that corporate media wanted, right? This is what they were rooting for. They sane washed all of this, and then they unleashed this on us and Pope poc, they thought this would be good for their ratings right? Now, instead of a retired four star general like Lloyd, like Lloyd Austin as Secretary of Defense, you have a Fox and Friends weekend host Peter Hens, who's not even qualified enough to make the weekday show.


But here's the thing, people are cutting the cord, right, Michael, but people are, if they thought this was gonna get them viewers hegseth, if they thought they were gonna get them viewers, it's the opposite. Who wants to turn on these cable news networks and corporate news networks? So Can, can you imagine Hegseth heading into a meeting with his counterpart overseas, one of the, one of the ones that Donald Trump's tough talk is gonna solve the world's problems. And he walks into the Israeli Hamas issue, or he walks into a meeting with Russia, with Ukraine, and in comes this guy who's been in hair and makeup for the last 14 years for Fox News, that is our best and brightest that's leading this country.


I mean this is not only an fu to the American people, it's an fu to our allies around the country and to the American brand. As I said before, I'll say it again, in, in Putin's wildest wet dream or in the lab of his mind, he could never have invented a person to hold the American brand. And so sly it and so undermine it and hollow it out. Then, then this version of Donald Trump, he, he's just doing our, the bidding for our, for our enemies and the American people. And I'm okay. I'm not here to tell people I told you. So. We're not on this network, on this channel. We are here to say, we're here for you when you have buyer's remorse and when you realize that you did not vote in, in alliance with your own values and your own morals because the policies and the people that you're about to see be put in place is not going to match up with what you thought when you, when, because you vote, because you followed trolls.


And in the last minute, gasp to decide who to vote for, you decided I'm gonna vote for Donald Trump. He'll be fun for another four years. And look as, as you said, Ben, I'll leave it on this, the intersection of law and politics where you harry me that we sit has just become the most important thoroughfare and democracy. There's no other way to put it. It's time to lean into it. And now we're gonna have to work through the federal judges, the ones that weren't appointed by Donald Trump, the ones that aren't MAGA and the circuits to, to oppose these executive orders. He's gonna be ruling by executive order and fiat. He's gonna stay away from MAGA Congress and we're gonna have to challenge in courts the way we did in 2016 and 2020. We're gonna have to challenge in courts on a regular basis.


Well, that's all you, me and Harry are gonna be talking about for the next, the next two years is this. So this suit got followed, this suit got sucked and this got blocked and this got blocked because this is what we have to do. This is the all, this is what's left of our checks and balance system given the Supreme Court decision about immunity. This is all we're left with. Well, look, these are the times where you need leadership. You need people to step up. And what we are going to do here using the platform that we have, I'd, you know, love to have more power than the platform. But you know, all I need is one mic is a lyric from the rap song Nas. All I need is one mic, right? We've got YouTube channels, we've got sub stacks, we got a, we got a website and we've got a audience of about 3.34 million subscribers on our YouTube channel.


So we're gonna do our part and everybody can do their part. We're gonna do our part and we're gonna build and support other pro-democracy voices. It's why it's so important when I say make sure you subscribe to Harry's YouTube channel talking events. Make sure you're subscribed to the Legal AF YouTube channel. Harry, before we throw it to the legal AF live show, I want To get your just last take. What's your message to the mightiest mighty out there? Other than that they need to subscribe to your YouTube channel. Yeah, I mean, look, the, there's so many, it's really underscores what Michael had to say. People did voted for him for a welder of reasons, but it wasn't, I think except for a really small segment.


Because they wanted to essentially just demolish the democracy and their system of rule of law. And he is, as if, you know, to, to further Michael's, you know, thought experiment around Putin. You know, they, if, if they had given Putin the nomination power, he, so far he couldn't have come up with a a a, a better set of people. And. it is, it seems like legal and bureaucratic and hard to follow. But I hope if we're doing our job right, that people understand the stakes of some of these deeply cynical, nasty, callous choices for People's Day-to-Day liberty, not to mention economic wellbeing, health and welfare security in a dangerous world.


These legal arcane points are what he's gonna try to exploit with, with a handpicked crazy group of allies to just basically do a wrecking project on the American democratic system. It sounds hyperbolic to say, but with a day like today, substantiates it in spades and it's just horrifying. And we have to, as you say, use whatever's left state power, certain judges, the media to the extent they can be called on, but that seems very limited. And our own voices at least educating people so they know what is going on and what's at stake.


We gotta rebuild this broken media. One way to start doing that is make sure you all subscribe to Harry Litman's YouTube channel, which is the Talking Feds YouTube channel. Subscribe to the legal AF YouTube channel, run by Michael Poppa. I love featuring two incredibly bright voices leading the pro-democracy legal community movement here on the Midas Touch. And as before we throw you to the legal AF live, which is about to start at 30 seconds. I wanna remind everybody about seven hours ago we posted a poll on the community page of our YouTube. It helps us get data about what are your favorite shows, what are you looking for? How could we be, you know, better producers and hosts.


So you just search the community, make sure you fill out that poll. We're getting a lot of great data and we really wanna listen to all of you. It's on the community page. Thank you everybody. You will now be transferred to the Legal AF show. And if you don't get automatically transferred, just click out and go to the lives and then click on Legal AF. See you everybody. Thank you Harry. Thank you Oc Thank, thank you. Might mighty. Thanks Harry. Shouty.