
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem Call one 800 GAMBLER.


Oh Donald, he did it again. You think you're the only person who could use social media to troll? Well, you do it with lies. What happens when someone like California Governor Gavin Newsom does it with the facts and is relentless and mocks you and clocks you in the face with the truth? Clobbers you with the facts. He did it again. He did it yesterday. He's doing it today. He did it the day before that as well. Just take a look here, what California Governor Gavin Newsom's team is doing on social media. It's incredible. So this is what they posted. They said, Pete referring to Hegseth, send the Marines, Pete send the Marines.


They're showing what the peaceful protests look like in Los Angeles. Play this clip. And then California Governor Gavin Newsom's account posts the following. It's a Simpson's meme meme. Old men yells at clouds, old man yells at cloud and every time Donald Trump makes one of these like ridiculous posts, or Stephen Miller does a post they, governor Newsom's team translates Donald Trump's post or just has it read rather in the voice of like Darth Vader or like the bad guys from Star Wars.


So Trump will post the incompetent governor of California was unable to provide protection in a timely manner. So Governor Newsom says, sounds like that's coming from the death star. And Governor Newsom goes the incompetent governor of California. And then just watch how he does it. This is incredible. The incompetent governor of California was unable to provide protection in a timely manner. I'm only gonna show a short portion of that, but you get the point. And then you have cosplay dog killer, Homeland Security Secretary Christie Nome dressing in her different outfits. And then Governor Newsom's office writes, their entire world is driven by fiction.


And for those who are just listening this on audio, it's all of the little outfits that Christie Nome dresses up in. She's ice agent, she's border patrol agent. She's cowgirl, she is SWAT team, which Barbie dress up is she gonna do today? And then the way Governor Newsom's office does it is they have like capital T, lowercase H, capital E, lowercase ir, capital E and and just you should go, go and watch it on YouTube. You'll get the better point of it. And then they just, you know, just, you know, show all the ridiculous things that Donald Trump says. So they'll post this, his primarily crime is running for governor and they just mock Donald Trump relentlessly, but show how dangerous is and they show this video, play this clip.


And What crime has he committed that would warrant his arrest? What crime has Governor Newsom committed A crime? Has he committed? Yeah, to warrant his arrest, as you had Suggested earlier, I think his primarily primary crime is running for Governor. Then they get into some serious topics that deserve attention as well. Like Donald Trump is diverting National guard resources in California away from the ranch fire in San Bernardino. Governor Newsom posts the ranch fire in San Bernardino is 4,000 acres and growing. Meanwhile, five of California's 14 National guard fire crews are understaffed because Trump deployed them for a political stunt in la.


This isn't just illegal, it's dangerous. And Governor Newsom's not holding back when Trump and MAGA spread the lies about his wife. So you have the Trump disinformation engine like people like Richard Grinnell, and we showed other people who were posting this the day before. Who Grinnell goes, dear God, it's, it's a photo of Gavin Newsom's wife from January that they tried to pretend happened this week. Dear God, she came to Los Angeles to shop using her $4,000 purse at Gavin Newsom and his wife don't care about the chaos. And then all the Trump disinformation people all post the same thing. Then Elon amplifies that.


And if you don't respond like right away, that becomes the narrative. And lots of people who are, you know, doing the work like governing, unlike Donald Trump, who's just a idiotic troll. Most people who are governing are like doing the hard work. They're out there in the command centers, they're preparing things so they don't think, oh my God, I gotta swat down like literal propaganda and all this disinformation. But, but you've gotta do that. And so Governor Newsom's office comes out swinging again. They go, this story is an outright lie and needs to be retracted entirely. This photo is from months ago when the first partner was picking up skincare products.


She is recovering from a past skin cancer diagnosis. You sick people. It's why Libs of tiktoks already deleted their false post. So remember two days ago when I showed you what libs of TikTok had posted, the Newsom's office got Libs of TikTok to take it down, but Grinnell hadn't got the message. So Grinnell reposted it and then Grinnell tries to post a New York post article that was removed and retracted. And Grinnell says, this is just pathetic spin from Governor Newsom's wife blaming skin cancer. And Governor Newsom goes again. It's a straight up lie. The New York Post, Richard deleted their story, the one you posted.


Why? Because after the Daily Mail published their story, the photographer admitted to mislabeling the date quote. An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated that Gavin Newsom's wife was shopping in Beverly Hills on Monday. The photographs were actually taken in January. And a shout out to Gavin Newsom's whole digital response team, communications team, all the way up to Governor Gavin Newsom for hitting back hard. Governor Newsom posts the following, California's firefighting resources are already seeing cuts by the US Forest Service and now Trump's illegal military deployment threatens them even further.


That's why I'm launching a new Cal fire recruitment drive to ramp up efforts and to keep our community safe.


When your Car breaks down, you take it to a mechanic with no hesitation you need it. And it's not something that most guys can fix themselves and men should think the exact same way about ed. But the reality is you might be hesitant to seek help. Thankfully through himss you can get access to personalized ed treatments without stepping outside your door. HIMSS is changing men's healthcare by providing you with access to affordable sexual health treatments from the comfort of your couch. HIMSS provides access to a range of doctor trusted ed treatments like Chewable Hard Mints and Viagra and Cialis and their generics for up to 95% cheaper. The process is 100% online, so there's no need for uncomfortable doctor's visits. Just answer a series of questions on their site. And a medical provider will determine the right treatment option if prescribed your medication ships directly to you for free. No insurance is needed and one low price covers everything from treatments to ongoing care with hundreds of thousands of trusted subscribers. HIMSS can help you find the ED option that works for you. Start your free online visit today at himss.com/midas. That's h ims.com/midas for your personalized ed treatment options hims.com/midas. The products mentioned are chewable compounded products which are not covered by or verified for safety or effectiveness by the FDA prescriptions require an online consultation with a healthcare provider who will determine if appropriate restrictions apply. See website for details and important safety information. Subscription required price varies based on product and subscription plan.


Then when you have Sarah Huckabee Sanders attack California and she goes, what's happening in California would never happen here in Arkansas because we value order over chaos. President Donald Trump does too, which is why he's doing what Governor Newsom won't. And then Gavin Newsom from his personal account, boom, responds right away Your homicide rate, Sarah Huckabee. Sarah Huckabee, your homicide rate is literally double Californias. You take a look at the murder rate by state, your Sarah Huckabee in Arkansas is double the California's rate.


And I think it's an important message that Gavin Newsom keeps reiterating over and over again. California is the fourth largest GDP not in the United States in the world. If California was a country, it would be the fourth largest GDP in the world. Yes, our diversity, the melting pot that is California is actually a plus. It's a benefit because without California, the red states in America wouldn't exist because California is a donor state contributing about $80 billion more to the federal government where the red states are taker states, they leach off of California and then they attack California.


You know how Donald Trump says that Canada is subsidized by Mexico, Canada is subsidized by the United States rather because Donald Trump doesn't understand what a deficit is. He makes similar comments about Mexico, but Trump doesn't realize what a deficit is. Canada is not subsidized by the United States, but I'll tell you what is subsidized. The red states are subsidized by California and then like the ungrateful people that they are, like Huckabee Sanders, they then go, 'cause they don't govern, they don't do things all they do, the things they do rather is spread disinformation, spread the lies, spread the nasty propaganda.


That's all they do. They're clowns, they're trolls. They're internet trolls from four chan or eight chan manifested in real life who are screwing over their states, who are having the people in their states have the worst education, the highest death rates, the highest crime rates, the most poverty, the most suffering. Go through all of the stats in a state like Arkansas or a state like Oklahoma not doing too well there. Go take a look at a state like Massachusetts or a state like California and you'll see actually quality of life and income and all of these things significantly higher.


Governor Newsom's press office then posts the following. Fox News is playing videos from Sunday meanwhile, and Governor Newsom talks about what a, what most of these protests look like that's going on in California. But, and then the National Guard comes in, the Marines come in, they're federalized and they try to provoke the people in California. But take a look at this video that Gavin and Newsom post meanwhile in LA and shout out to this talker as well for making this great video that Gavin Newsom reposted. I really like this video. Great work play this clip. My grandma who only watches Fox News, she called me today. She said, you need to get out of la. La is birding. Aren't she scared? Meanwhile, this is what's going on in la.


Thank you so much. Yeah, Thank you. I got snacks. Sometimes people look at me crazy when I say I live in downtown LA and they're like, aren't you scared to live there? Tell me you don't get it without telling me you don't get it. Show me a city that shows up to defend its citizens the way LA shows up to defend its citizens. So we Police in LA are overwhelmed. We're gonna send the Marines sending the Marines. Meanwhile, the police in LA Pokemon Go plan.


Motherfuckers got their McDonald's delivered, they're fine. Governor Newsom then posts 4,800 troops unconstitutionally activated with only a mere fraction being stationed at federal buildings. Let's be clear, it's our police force doing the work to protect our streets. We don't need or want the military patrolling our communities. We are cleaning up Trump's mess and they're reposting a an A, B, C news story that says there are now more US troops deployed in Los Angeles than in Iraq. And in Syria. Governor Gavin Newsom then posts the founding fathers did not live and die to see this moment.


It's time for all of us to stand up peacefully. And then he also writes it in Spanish as well. And then you have all these right wing influencers like Tommy La Larin or whatever her name is, LA la la Run, whatever her name is. And all these people like this. Every time Gavin posts they, they like do a reply. You're such a pick me, Gavin, you're obsessed with Trump. Get help. You're such a pick me. You're such a pick me. Sad, sad, sad. And that's how you know the pro-democracy forces are winning. And that's how you know that California governor Gavin Newsom is doing what needs to be done. What we've wanted to see democratic leaders do. I think he learned during the wildfires when he was managing it effectively, the damage that's caused when you didn't respond right away to all of the disinformation that Trump and Magus a barrage.


And I think in the wildfires, it took Governor Newsom about a day and a half or two days to realize, oh crap, I have to actually respond if I don't respond to this crazy stuff. People actually start believing all of these lies. So I have to spend the same amount of time that I do governing and managing the fire and operationalizing things. I have to spend basically the same time countering all of the stuff in 2025. The answer is yes, and not just playing defense, going on the offense. Because when you call out these maga morons, when you call out the lies, they're snowflakes.


They back down, they run away, then they play the victim. Great work, California Governor Gavin Newsom. Great job. Clobbering Donald Trump on social media, clocking him in the face on social media with a very aggressive social media strategy. Everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. The truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100% USA Union made.