
The NFL playoffs are better with FanDuel because right now new customers can bet $5 and get 300 bucks in bonus bets if you win. That's $300 in bonus bets if you win your first $5 bet. FanDuel an official sports book partner of the NFL 21 plus in President Select seats. First online Real money wager only $5 first deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.


The entire Republican House Conference has been thrown into utter chaos. As I reported earlier, Donald Trump ordered Speaker of the House, MAGA Mike Johnson to fire Mike Turner. Republican congressman who chaired the House Intelligence Committee. Turner was a big supporter of nato, a big supporter of Ukraine. Trump wanted him gone. This sent shock waves throughout the Republican Conference in the House of Representatives because for some reason they believed there was gonna be this quote, reconciliation agenda and bring the five families of the Republican party together.


Turner being fired and pushed out. He's been a Congress member since 2003. Very well liked kind of a bipartisan guy. I didn't like Turner. But having Turner in the intelligence community or in the intelligence committee and chairing it was something that was beneficial for all Americans, regardless of what your politics are. But now the MAGA Republicans are fractured. Totally. You know what they keep trying to sell to their base to keep them going are the gimmicks, right? Like what Donald Trump say he was gonna do in the past 48 hours. He goes, oh, now I'm gonna create an external revenue service when I tariff all of these nations, even though tariffs are taxes on American companies, Donald Trump says, we're gonna have the external revenue service collect that money.


What are you even talking about? So you've got MAGA people like this guy on Twitter saying, Trump to abolish the IRS and create an external revenue service. This has huge potential for the American people to prosper, to which the comments, even from MAGA people were like, when are the eggs going down? You are not in his tax bracket. Other MAGA republicans are waking up to this as well. For example, Charlie Kirk is out there bragging how on the stage with Donald Trump during the inauguration will be Elon Musk, mark Zuckerberg and Jeff Bezos sitting together right next to Donald Trump, right next to Trump's cabinet picks to which MAGA people were like, what?


These elite billionaires, what does that have to do with what Donald Trump promised us? We're seeing a lot of that. Now, take a look at this moment as well. This is on Fox. They bring in Charlie Kirk to talk about this. How everybody wants to be, be Trump's pal. And you're going to hear what goes down here. Listen to this. Joining me Now is someone who knows a little bit about this. Charlie Kirk turning point USA founder. Oh Shit, Charlie, it's great to see you. You hear the producer there in the background going, oh s word right there. Wild. But folks, this is what's going on at Mar-a-Lago. Can't you all relate to this? I'm being sarcastic. Of course, Trump is now selling Trump burgers at his golf courses, and you can get Trump's face on your burger.


That's completely normal. I'm being facetious. Right there. Take you to the floor of the House of Representatives, which this is what MAGA Republicans are talking about. During a hearing on telework, you have MAGA Republican, Nancy Mace talking about penises and vaginas. Here play this clip. Can you a candidate to be chair of the Democrat party? Define what a woman is for me today, Madam or or con. Can you define what a woman is? Oh yes. What is a woman? You're going to ask me to define what a woman is? Yes, I am right now. Well, I'm talking, you just said you could explain it to me.


I'm, I'm talking to a woman right now. Distinguished woman. What is a woman? Like a representative. What is a woman? I think you're kind of denigrating the purpose of this. What is it? You can't define what a woman is. All right. In an effort to be fair, I'm married to a woman in an effort to be fair, and I'm biased in an effort to be fair and I'm biased. Can you define what a man is for me? I have two sons. Okay. That are men. Yes. I have A series and over here we have as part of the questioning of Martin O'Malley, who stepped down as Biden's Social Security administration head. He's running to be the chair of the DNC. More questions from Nancy Mace about genitals?


Here, play this clip. No. Is this in reference to allowing men and women's bathrooms? No. Is this in reference to forcing women and girls to undress in front of men in the locker room? Ah, come on. Yes or no? Congresswoman, this is your Party's platform. Yes. You understand what I'm laying out for you? Do you understand English? I understand what you're trying to lay out, but our party's platform is the economic security and the wellbeing. I'm gonna call my time Of every man chairman, Mr. Chairman, I'm gonna my time child in the United States of America, I'm gonna reclaim my time. That's our party's platform. I'm gonna reclaim my Basis Time. And then Marjorie Taylor Greene got in on the action. 'cause this, this is what Republicans are talking about. This is how they're trying to distract. Let's play it. I'd like to ask you another question.


Since you're very interested in being d and c Chair, you are, after all, a lifelong Democrat politician. I don't even know if you had a job in the real world, but you have been an elected politician for years. Yep. Mr. O'Malley, you're also a Catholic. You're also a Catholic, are you not? I, I am. Do you serve God or do you serve the Democrat party? I serve God. And Okay, then Mr. Oal And Mr. German as a o Roman, Roman Catholic, I take offense. I, I I My at the suggestion my somebody has to O Mr. O'Malley. I reclaim my time And I service to Country as Catholic. I reclaim my time. Mr. O'Malley, will you be supporting the murder of unborn up until the day of birth like your party does?


As DNC chair, will you be supporting the murder of innocent unborn people? Is that in line with your faith in God in the Catholic Church, I trust the judgment of women and doctors over the judgment of government. No. Do you trust God's judgment? Do you trust God that he loves and has created every single human being? Do you support the murder of unborn children? And are you going to uphold that evil practice that the Democrat party wants to continue? You see abortions over 95% of them are unintended pregnancies. They use abortions as birth control. So are you going to continue the birth control practice of murdering the unborn children as chair of the DNC?


Will that be that? Be a policy you'll be supporting? I am pro-choice and I trust the judgment of women and their doctors over the judgments of government. Well, thank you for letting God know where you stand with the murder. Un Yeah. I talk to God every day. Yeah. Well you might wanna talk to him a little bit more. Yeah. Mr. O'Malley. 'cause you're definitely in the wrong. Thank you Mr. Chairman. I yield back. But while they're doing that, what are they doing? They're trying to condition aid to California on getting rid of the debt ceiling so Trump can hook up the billionaires with more tax cuts.


My cat is part of the family plain and simple. So I want them to have the best food that money can buy. And I didn't realize that for years the cat food that I was buying had questionable ingredients. This podcast is sponsored by Smalls. Now, if you're a listener of the show, you know that my cat cannot live without Smalls. To get 50% off your first order PLUS free shipping, head to Smalls dot com and use promo code Midas Smalls. Cat food is protein packed recipes made with preservative free ingredients that you'd find in your fridge and it's delivered right to your door. That's why cats.com name Smalls their best overall cat food. My cat's favorite flavor is Smooth Fish and my cats prefer Smalls way more than their previous cat food. I legitimately did a taste test, put two bowls side by side, and they immediately went to Smalls. Since making the switch to Smalls, my cat has had fewer hair balls, more balanced energy, a healthier weight, a softer and shinier fur coat, and a less stinky litter box that's big. Still not a believer in Smalls. While New York Magazine called Smalls the best cat food, according to veterinarians. While Buzzfeed said my cats went completely ballistic for this stuff, my cat's breath is much better and their fur is much softer Ever since I switched to Smalls. Smalls also has a bunch of amazing treats and snacks that you can add to your order. And after switching to Smalls, 88% of cat owners reported overall health improvements. That's a big deal. Do you have a picky cat? Well, Smalls has a sampler so that your cat can try. Everything Smalls has to offer and the team at Smalls is so confident that your cat will love their product, that you can try it risk-free. That means they will refund you if your cat won't eat their food. What are you waiting for? Give your cat the food they deserve. Head to Smalls dot com and use promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 50% off your first order PLUS free shipping. That's the best offer that you'll find. But you have to use MyCode Midas for 50% off your first order one last time. That's promo code Midas for 50% off your first order, PLUS free shipping.


This is Democratic Congress member Mike Levin, and here he's like, you know, conditioning aid to a disaster relief on Trump agendas. That's it's unheard of. In American politics or just in our system. We help people who are going through emergencies here. Listen to this Ms. Speaker. Somehow Republicans are threatening to withhold disaster aid to California unless certain unknown conditions are met. There's even talk about attaching disaster aid to an increase in the debt ceiling. My friends, this could be your state. Never in our nation's history, as the federal government placed such politically driven conditions on disaster aid to its own citizens, we can have good faith debates about water policy and infrastructure deficiencies, and we should, but that's not what this is about.


This is a bad faith effort to use California as a punching bag. This is about the promotion of half truths, conspiracy theories, and outright lies. Not to mention it's a way out for house Republicans. They can't raise a dead ceiling on their own. So they want to tie that to disaster aid. It's unconscionable to my Republican friends. It's unacceptable and downright shameful to use the suffering of Californians in need or anyone in need to solve your internal political disputes. Please stop. Stop playing games. Let's get the disaster to the people who need it and let's do it now. Thank you. And By the way, take a look at this. You may have seen this already.


This was the sign behind the MAGA Republicans during the Senate confirmation hearings, D-E-I-N-R military, M-I-L-T-A-R-Y-I. They don't even know how to spell. Lemme show you this clip of a OC from the house floor here playing. Here we are today, Republicans who have voted against consistently against the Violence Against Women Act, who have taken away the right of all women to choose and have control over their own body. Who as women are bleeding out in parking lots across the country, standing there allowing us to die now.


Want to pretend today that they care about women and why, to open up gender and yes genital examinations into little girls in this country in the so-called name of attacking trans girls. And to that, today, what we have to say are two words, not today. The majority right now says there's no place in this bill that says it opens up for genitor genital examinations. Well, here's the thing. There's no enforcement mechanism in this bill. And when there is no enforcement mechanism, you open the door to every enforcement mechanism.


Alright, tell me what you think there. Everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top Podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.