
When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or ip. For short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders Every day.


Thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists like Kunle put people at the heart of everything they create in The average household. There are dozens of connected devices here in the Comcast family. We're building an integrated in-home wifi solution for millions of families like my own. It brings people together in meaningful ways. Kunle and his team are building a wifi experience that connects 1 billion devices every year. Learn more about how Comcast is redefining the future of connectivity. At comcast corporation.com/wifi,


I can say to my new Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra. Hey, find a keto friendly restaurant nearby and text it to Beth and Steve and it does without me lifting a finger so I can get in more squats anywhere I can. 1, 2, 3. Will that be cash or Credit? Credit? Four Galaxy S 25 Ultra. The AI companion that does the heavy lifting so you can do you get yours@samsung.com compatible. Select apps par Google Gemini account results may vary based on input check responses for accuracy.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com. Cancel any time terms apply.


Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms proving difficult to manage? Taya Guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year, many patients taking Taya achieved clinical remission and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. TREM is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis, serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor If you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or If you need a vaccine, ask your doctor. If Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms, call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit tremfya radio.com.


And yet they're offering people $750 for immediate needs. For the worst, yeah, but for the worst hurricane that anybody's seen. But she shouldn't be there anyway. She should be, I would say North Carolina is bad, is so bad, and She should be. She was there today for three hours, I believe. Kam Kamala Harris. That was Donald Trump's interview on Fox this evening. Even Laura Ingraham had to fact check him because the things he was saying were just so obviously deranged and false here. By the way, Laura Ingram asked Donald Trump, so, you know, a lot of people are worried that you are going to try to be a dictator and seek retribution on people. What do you say to that?


Play the clip. How will you restore faith in our justice system? A lot of people will say, well, he's just gonna do to them what he they did to him and get back at them. And, and they're, and that's, A lot of people say that's what should happen. Well, that you wanna know the truth. That's, But Right. Well, but I think As our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski says, so Laura Ingram says, those lying Democrats accuse you of wanting to be a fascist in your second derm. You don't want to be a fascist. Right? And then Donald Trump goes, yeah, I actually, I do here. Donald Trump says, I will be a protector of women. How creepy can you get play this clip right here.


I say to people, and I'm very, I'm not ashamed of that. I say, A couple of wise guys on the left say, oh, who is he? I wanna protect women. I'm gonna protect women and I'm gonna protect men and I'm gonna protect children. And that's my obligation to do it with the military and with law enforcement. A Hundred. Donald Trump's then asked a very basic question by Laura Ingraham, how would he do things differently in response to Hurricane Helene? And it's just a bunch of words out, let's play this clip right here. But more importantly than that is they don't have the people. They're not doing, it's a bad, it's a very bad thing. This is, how Would you do it differently? I'd have a tremendous team of people here. They don't have any people here. The people who all, I was in North Carolina yesterday. I was in Georgia, and Georgia's different, you have a good governor who's doing a very good job, but North Carolina is a disaster.


And it was also hit very hard. But they don't have the people and they're complaining. There's no people around to help. That was a horrific storm. Much. The Charlotte Observer editorial board said the following, Western North Carolina is not a political football. Donald Trump has politicized the situation at every turn, spreading falsehoods and conspiracies that fracture the community. Instead of bringing it together. Laura Ingraham then asks him a question about Elon Musk. Your play, this clip Response has been so bad to the hurricane. They have this response has been horrific. It's been, but didn't Elon praises Pete Buttigieg saying he cleared the way for some of my helicopters to come in.


And he, he, he praises Buttigieg. Well, that was two days late yesterday. Yeah, because what happened is he sent his great, you know, gadgets and he has the one most, the star links. It's a, it's incredible for communication. But they were asking me, the people of North Carolina and representatives, they said, could you possibly speak to Elon Musk and get it? And Elon came through and then they sent it in and they, they wouldn't allow it to go in. And it took two days. And then boot edge, edge, as you say, boot edge, edge called. And I guess after two days late though. And were they shamed? Are you saying into, of course, they speeding it up. It was huge publicity that they wouldn't allow. He had helicopters bringing stuff in. That's not even getable.


You can't even get it. And Dita was a very weird Elon Musk appearance in Butler, Pennsylvania as well. Remember when he did this play this clip. Come here, take over Elon. Yes, Take, and as Paula Wise says, there is literally media coverage of the National Guard and helicopters. And it wasn't. Two days later, FEMA was on the ground before the storm. Republican politicians of affected areas have been praising President Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris's response, Trump the lying fool is going to end fema. We'll get to that in a moment as well. 'cause here Donald Trump says that nobody could ever predict storms like this.


This was a horrific storm. Nobody could ever predict it. Play this clip. You Don't have the people. And they're complaining. There's no people around to help. That was a horrific storm. Much worse. And you know, it's late in the season. You wouldn't think a thing like that could happen, but you have to get the people out and they have to be out much more. I was there for the entire day and I saw virtually nobody other than the people that were badly affected and one, Now you recall also when Donald Trump was in office, he said that he never even heard the term category five relating to hurricanes before play this clip. I have Not sure. I'm not sure that I've ever even heard of a category five. I knew it existed, and I've seen some category fours.


You don't even see them that much. But the category five is something that I don't know that I've ever even heard the term other than I know it's there. Then in this just horrible interview with Laura Ingram, Donald Trump claims that he does well with women. He says, he says, but the polling is fake. Play this clip. I say to the women, and I think I do very well with the women, actually, I think it's a lot of fake polling. I think I do very well because I say, I will keep you safe. Then Donald Trump, again tries to, I say, tries to string together words about FEMA saying there was a thing that had to be delivered, and it's not being, the thing's not delivered here, play this clip. He Had helicopters bringing stuff in.


That's not even getable. You can't even get it. I mean, honestly, Elon did an amazing job because I called him and I told him the situation. They were trying to get it, but you can't, you know, it's very hard to get. I called him and he had, he had things being delivered literally by the time I got off the phone, I'm even wondering about, it was so quick. But then they got there and they said, they're gonna confiscate it. They're gonna keep it. FEMA said, they're gonna keep it. They wouldn't terminate. Then the publicity got crazy and then all of a sudden they released it. What is show?


Today's episode is brought to you by Ollie. Clean, fresh nutrition. Your dog needs in five flavors. They'll absolutely flip over. Feeding your dog real whole foods with minimal processing is one of the best choices you can make for their health. A whole fresh food diet has been proven to extend your dog's life by two and a half years. Who wouldn't want more time with their best friend? Ollie's recipes have no harmful fillers, no preservatives, and are made in us kitchens with ingredients sourced from trusted growers and producers around the world. And because Ali's meals are gently cooked, they don't need preservatives. It's fresh real food with protein first recipes like fresh beef with sweet potatoes, fresh Turkey with blueberries, and fresh lamb with cranberries. Ali might just have your dog eating better than you. Here's how it works. Take a 32nd quiz about your dog on Ali's website, and they'll create a customized meal plan based on your dog's specific needs. Ali then sends your dog starter box with two weeks worth of meals, plus a guide on how to transition them over. You could even choose from three meal plans to fit your dog's diet. And can I be real with you for a second? My dog mochi is the best. She's the sweetest, most playful, loving shihtzu in the world. She's also one of the most stubborn eaters in the world. And if the food I give her isn't up to her standards, she lets me know. So anytime I introduce something new to her, it's the ultimate test. Since I've been giving her Ali, she's been licking the bowl clean. I've been giving her the chicken dish with carrots and the lamb with cranberries, and she absolutely loves it. And right now, Ali is offering an amazing deal. 60% off your first box of meals when you subscribe, just head to ali.com, tell 'em about your dog, and use the code Midas to get 60% off your first box. That's OLLI e.com, promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. They even offer a clean bull guarantee. So if you're not satisfied, you'd get your money back.


Just show you a former Republican governor, John Casick, had to say the following about Donald Trump's abhorrent behavior on M-S-N-B-C Play this clip. It's, it's just so disa it's beyond disappointing. It's maddening to see that a person running for president would try to use something like this, where there's been such tremendous hardship, loss of life to try to create a fable here. I mean, look, anytime you have something like this, the officials in charge are always gonna say they wish things had been, had been delivered faster. That's always going to happen. But to say somehow that money that was designed to go to hurricane relief has been spent on on immigrants.


I mean, it, it's just, it's it's just dead wrong, dead wrong. But he continues to say it. And you know, they, there's this thing now, as you know, Andrea, about spinning conspiracy theories and you know, people on the internet like to think, oh, well the government, you know, just doesn't care. They're, they're doing their own thing. And, and this is, this kind of gins up some of his base, but by and large, I think the problem he's gonna have as we get to the election day is that there's gonna be a chunk of Republicans who will not vote for him under any set of circumstance. And I think that number's probably 15% in that category. She will not have that problem.


I mean, she'll be over 90 in terms of the Democrats that turn out and vote. But the all, every time he does this, he puts himself farther and farther behind. And frankly, the ramification should be that as, as you know, I I've been, I've been opposed to him for six years since he came on the scene and it's just, it's terrible. And here's Al Cardenas, the former chair of the Florida Republican Party, and here he talks about why he's voting for Vice President Kamala Harris and Governor Waltz play the clip Actually voting for the Harris Waltz and maybe doing it with some enthusiasm is a fairly recent development. I'll give you two recent examples. Hmm. Both of which I'm very familiar with.


What one is a national disasters, you know, that that's always been a bipartisan issue. Both Democrats and Republicans have worked together to assist the people in harm's way. Well, you know, the White House asked Congress to pass a, a bill to a supplemental bill to really help people with these disasters because we may be running outta cash. All of a sudden, the trolling, the Trump operatives and everybody else started saying, well, they're giving that money to illegal immigrants. Not true. There are various parts of FEMA that are funded separately and national disasters is one of 'em. Well, you know, when Andrew hit Florida, which has been one of many, I worked hand in hand with the George HW Bush administration and the Democrat governor Lord Giles, it was always a bipartisan spirit.


Everybody wanted to help those in harm's way. Well, you take it now, you know the Trump operatives are already lying about FEMA not having resources about FEMA not going over the con. When the White House asked, asked the Congress to meet for a supplemental bill to pass a supplemental bill for fema, they said, call us after November 5th. That's something that's just not having a precedent. The second one was with immigration. You know, it was so hard to get a bipartisan bill put together in order to stop the intrusions at the border. But all, no Trump had to tell the Democrat, the Republicans not to pass it because it was not in his best interest.


Also, earlier today, you had Fox's Ducey try to, you know, spread disinformation and the White House press Secretary Kare, Jean Pierre was not having it Here play this clip. One Question that you don't like misinformation. I said that, I actually said, we have the money available to help survivors of Hurricane Helene and also Hurricane Milton. Now we're now there's going to be a shortfall, right? Because we don't know how bad its Hurricane Milton is going to be. And so we're going to need additional funding. We're going to need additional funding. That's Exactly what I just asked about.


And you said it was misinformation. No, what you're asking me is why Congress needs to come back and do their job. That's what you're asking me. Congress needs to come back and do their job and provide extra assistance, extra funding to disaster relief fund. That's what Congress needs to do. And we're gonna continue to urge that. You may not want that, but that's okay. That's what this president wants and that's what the vice president wants. Thanks everybody. Ooh, Here's another clip of that interaction. Play this clip right here Is there for them. That's our focus here. But President Biden is fond of saying, show me your budget and I will tell you what you value. If he's got money for people in Lebanon right now, without Congress having to come back, what does it say about his values?


There's not enough money right now for people, his values in North Carolina who need it. That's not misinformation. Wait, no. That is your whole, your whole premise of the question is misinformation. Sir, excuse what you don't. Yes, yes. It's misinformation. Did Is there money to On right now? I just mentioned, I just mentioned to you that we provided more than $200 million to folks who are impacted in the area. And I just shared with you that people are deciding not to. People are deciding not to, not to wait Letter to Congress that there's not enough money to help people in North Carolina. We're talking about the SBA disaster loan. That's Money for people in North Carolina and That's important. And people in North Carolina need that con wait, this is nothing new, Peter.


This is nothing new. Congress comes together, they provide money, millions of dollars for disaster relief. We're asking them to do the job that they have been doing for some time from A letter that President Biden to Johnson, MCC Doing some Thomas Schumer and Jeffries, the president's letter is not misinformation. Would you agree? No. The way you're asking me the question is misinformation. There is money that we are allocating to the impacted areas and there's money there to help people who truly need it. There are survivors who need the funding, who need Also, Midas Touch Network was the first to break this story. Hat tip to our editorial team. By the way, you should go to midas plus.com and take a look at some of the great work our editorial team is doing there.


It's midas plus.com, M-E-I-D-A-S-P-L-U s.com. Check out, check out some great stuff there. But we broke the story of all of the Republicans who voted against FEMA funding. And now I also saw a bunch of other people making posts. But the Republican, the MAGA Republican congress members voted against this, and now they are the arsonists and they're trying to claim that they should try to put out the fire as the arsonist right here. Also, Donald Trump to take a look at this had this strange interaction with a group of rabbis where he asked to sign, I think a copy of the Old Testament here, play this clip.


I love that. Thank you. A again, just very strange behavior right there as well. But you know, that's who, that's, that's, that's who Donald Trump is. So hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching Real quick, metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.