
Donald Trump continues to make overt and direct threats at the media and directed at billionaires who are not doing his bidding, essentially threatening to lock them up. And of course, why would corporate media cover anything like that that doesn't fit the narrative they're pushing right now? While that is taking place right now in Sun Valley Idaho at a private equity company called Allen and Company's annual gathering of billionaires and corporate media moguls, they're all meeting right now celebrating having the time of their life and saying things like this.


This is Warner Brothers Discovery, CEO, David Zla, who owns CNN? This is who controls CNN. Here's the statement that he just made about the upcoming presidential election at this Sun Valley Idaho event. Zla said it mattered less to him which party wins as long as the next president was friendly to business. We just need an opportunity for deregulation so companies can consolidate and do what we need to do even better. He said, so if you want to know why is CNN, why is M-S-N-B-C, why are all these corporate media networks doing what they're doing?


He gave away the playbook right there. And this is the guy David lov. Take a look. That's what right now we are up against here at independent media just trying to get out the facts and trying to get out the truth here. By the way is what Donald Trump just posted. So as Zav and his crew of deca millionaires and billionaires are doing whatever they're doing in Sun Valley, Idaho Trump's just threatening them and they're like, whatever. As long as we get deregulation in lust, taxes for the billionaires, we are good. We don't care about the rest of Americans. This is what Trump just wrote. Republicans must pass the save act or go home and cry yourself to sleep.


Wha wha wha The Dems can't win on their policies. The only way they can win is to cheat. Wha wha Wang. Get tough. RNC Speaker Johnson. Wha wha wha The Justice Department is corrupt and won't do a thing to help. Wha wha wa they have no shame. All I can say is that if I'm elected president, we will pursue election fraudsters at levels never seen before, and they will be sent to prison for long periods of time. We already know who you are. Don't do it. Zucker Bs be careful. So right there, a direct threat to Mark Zuckerberg saying, Zuckerbergs, I will send you to prison if you in any way.


What help people get, like water bottles help people find election centers. Donald Trump, who put forward fake electoral slates, Donald Trump, who tried to inter interfere with a free and fair election saying that and By the way while the z LOBs and the Billionaire class, they're enjoying things right now in Sun Valley Idaho. At their convention. Donald Trump also posts things like this. They are almost all dishonest and corrupt, but Comcast with its one-sided and vicious coverage by NBC News and in particular M-S-N-B-C often and correctly referred to as M-S-D-N-C, Democrat National Committee should be investigated for its country threatening treason.


Their endless coverage of the now fully debunked scam known as Russia, Russia, Russia, and much else, is one big campaign contribution to the radical left Democrat party. I say upfront, openly and proudly that when I win the presidency of the United States, they and others of the lame stream media will be thoroughly scrutinized for their knowingly dishonest and corrupt coverage of people, things and events. Why should NBC or any other group or any other, any other of the corrupt and dishonest media companies be entitled to use the very valuable airwaves of the USA free, they are a true threat to democracy and are in fact the enemy of the people.


The fake news media should pay a big price for what they have done to our once great country, again, making overt threats to shut down the media. This is from someone saying that he wants to be a dictator on day one and who gives quotes that are essentially verbatim of Adolf Hitler quotes and who has rolled out Project 25 By the way the Heritage Foundation is the main sponsor of the Republican National Convention. They are telling you their plans for a fascist takeover to turn our media into Russian propaganda media so that it all looks like Fox and OAN and Newsmax praising Dear leader.


It is obvious what they are saying right here, but for David Lov and who runs Cone CNN, there looks like, I mean, it looks like out of, out of the, the TV show succession, I mean just there with the handkerchief, like what in the world is even going on there? So out of touch with we the people, Donald Trump then writes M-S-N-B-C-M-S-D-N-C uses free government approved airwaves and yet it is nothing but a 24 hour hit job on Donald Trump and the Republican Party for purposes of election interference. Brian Roberts, its chairman and CEO is a slime ball who's been able to get away with these constant attacks for years.


It is the world's biggest political contribution to the radical left Democrats who By the way are destroying our country. Our so-called government should come down hard on them and make them pay for their illegal political activity much more to come watch. Again, these are direct threats right here and By the way you have the Trump MAGA crew replacing we the people, our American flag with Trump flags now that say Trump or death or combinations of Trump's face on Confederate flags. That's just what they fly. They don't sing the national anthem anymore. They sing the J sixth Choir song. As Kevin Cruz wrote back in September of 2023, he says, you'd think that Trump's habit of endlessly threatening the media would make them realize he shouldn't be treated like a normal candidate, but in truth threatening will only make some Beltway reporters bend over backwards to seem extra fair to him.


And not only that, but when you've got the owners of these corporations like David Zalo right there saying that in beautiful Sun Valley Idaho for the private equity company, Alan and CO's annual gathering for business moguls saying, we just need an opportunity for deregulation so companies can consolidate and do what we need to do even better. It's all about corporations. I don't care about we the people. Let's have CEOs make 500, a thousand, 5,000 times what the worker makes who's struggling to put a dinner on the table for their family members while corporate greed spirals out of control and Trump and the mags give the billionaires the tax cuts and they gut the unions and then go around the country and lie about what it is that they're doing.


Conveniently laundered through media networks run by people like Zav that you're seeing right there. Partying in beautiful Sun Valley Idaho must be must be very nice right there.


Growing up cereal is one of the best parts of being a kid, but as I got older, I had to watch out for sugar and empty carbs. Magic Spoon has the amazing flavors you love, but high protein and less sugar. Like with the variety Pack four flavors are cocoa, fruity, frosted, and peanut butter. This pack has zero grams of sugar, 13 to 14 grams of protein, and four to five grams of net carbs. Only 140 calories a serving. It's high protein has zero grams of sugar. It's keto friendly, gluten-free grain-free, and soy-free. I'm a sucker for the cocoa cereal personally and when I have my magic spoon, I always know it's gonna be high quality, fresh, crunchy, and you gotta love that chocolate milk the cereal makes. When you're done with your bowl. Go to Magic spoon.com/midas to grab a variety pack and try it today. Be sure to use our promo code Midas at checkout to save five dollars off your order. And Magic Spoon is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 100% happiness guarantee. So if you don't like it for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember starting your day off right with a delicious bowl of high protein cereal@magicspoon.com slash midas and use the code Midas, that's M-E-I-D-A-S to save $5 off. Thank you Magic Spoon for sponsoring this episode.


I wanna share this with you. This was recently put out by the Lincoln Project. This is scary video, but it needs to be seen because this is what Trump's agenda would be. This is Donald Trump's plan. As the Lincoln Project said, Donald Trump's plan for America is no secret. Is no secret. This is what they describe what would happen if he took over. And guess what, ZLA, if you think there's gonna be an environment of deregulation, Trump's gonna shut you down. What do you think is gonna happen to you? What do you think is gonna happen to you? Oh, maybe then you'll live in your, you know, your mansion at Lake Como or whatever. Is that what you think? It must be nice to think about that as your backup plan, but we the people know what's up.


Watch this. This is from the Lincoln Project. It's an incredible video they just put out. November 5th, 2024. Donald Trump defeats a divided and dispirited democratic campaign On January 20th, 2025. Donald Trump is sworn in as the 47th president of the United States. Unfortunately, he keeps his promises. Trump seizes control of a divided government signing hundreds of executive orders implementing Project 2025 Trump replaces over 50,000 civil servants with hardline MAGA loyalists. The federal oath of office now requires declaring loyalty to the president, not the Constitution protected by the Supreme Court's grant of total immunity for official acts.


Donald Trump orders the Department of Justice to arrest members of the January 6th commission current and former DOJ employees and political opponents for treason election interference and conspiracy. He declares it to be an official act. Trump ends birthright citizenship by executive order and turns millions of American born citizens into illegal aliens overnight. Mass deportations begin hundreds of thousands, including legal US residents and American citizens are imprisoned in newly built camps. Protests erupt Trump addresses the nation from the Oval Office, invoking the Insurrection Act and declaring the protestors a danger to American sovereignty.


He orders the National Guard to use deadly force to suppress the protests in the wake of the bloody violence. Trump declares nationwide Martial law awarding himself new powers under the freshly signed American Sovereignty Protection Order, which defines protest of immigration policies as non-protected speech and a threat to national security Governors in New York, California, Illinois, and elsewhere declare their opposition promising to refuse compliance in their states. Trump orders their arrests, Trump pardons every January 6th attacker, including those who assaulted the police and in a White House ceremony issues a new presidential medal honoring them.


Many are given jobs in his administration. The Department of Education has renamed the Department of American Values and mandates a nationwide Christian nationalist curriculum for all schools receiving federal aid. Trump joined by speaker Mike Johnson and evangelical leaders announces that the Department of Health and Human Services has reclassified myth press stone, making it illegal to distribute or prescribe as well as new HHS regulations that make IVF treatments impossible to legally administer. Trump reverses one campaign promised by declaring a national abortion ban by executive order. Challenges to his authority are rejected by the Supreme Court, which has seen new appointments from Trump after it was expanded to 12 justices.


He signs an executive order removing abortion records from HIPAA privacy regulations and announces a new federal data sharing program so states can monitor women's periods. Thousands are detained while crossing state lines under suspicion of seeking an abortion. Trump's acting Secretary of Defense, a disgraced ex general fires over 400 generals and admirals leaving the military leaderless other Trump appointees purge the ranks of the C-I-A-F-B-I and Department of Justice By Executive Order. Trump withdraws the United States from NATO and ends Pentagon cooperation with Ukraine. Russian Tanks Interive, Vladimir Zelinsky is killed.


It is announced that Trump will run for a third term claiming he was unfairly cheated in the 2020 election. His Supreme Court ultimately agrees with this interpretation paving the way for Trump's 2028 reelection. If you hear all this and believe it isn't possible, then ask yourself, what did you believe was impossible just eight years ago? This isn't a fantasy, it's Trump's plan, and he's counting on you to believe it couldn't happen. Well, again, a picture says a thousand words and, and that zla picture who runs CNN runs the parent company, I dunno, in Sun Valley.


Idaho right now to me, speaks volumes and, and, and says everything that we all knew was happening, hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Thanks for watching. Real quick, meta just changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.