
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler. The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my bets in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G PT What do You know? All sorts Of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook gambling problem Call one 800 Gambler


MAGA Mike Johnson, the Republican Speaker of the House is getting clowned on. He just got devastating news as more MAGA Republican senators in the Senate are saying, no way, no. How are they supporting the big disastrous bill that MAGA Mike and Donald Trump wanna push forward but get this, you know, who else is also tag teaming MAGA Mike and Donald Trump and telling them no way no how with this budget Bill Elon Musk and Ron DeSantis. By the way, you also have the chair of the Republican National Committee, a guy named Michael Watley saying that this thing is no bueno as well.


Let me take a look. As MAGA Mike gets his worst nightmare SmackDown, what the hell are you gonna do? Maite Johnson. So here we have MAGA Republican senator Rick Scott, who was involved in the biggest Medicaid and Medicare fraud in the history of the United States. That's how he got his money after pleading the fifth dozens and dozens of times in a case against his company. But here he says Uhuh, he ain't voting on the budget Bill. Watch Magar, Republican Senator Rick Scott play this clip. So Senator, would you say without any changes at its current composition, would you vote no?


Oh, absolutely. I'd vote no there. This, this bill doesn't have the have. If there's, if, if they brought it to the floor, like right now, there's not a ch there's not a chance that it'll get the, the 51 votes. It's, it needs. Now here is leaked audio from the RNC chair saying that the Republicans voted for the largest tax increase in American history with Trump's budget. Bill came from fact posts that clipped it and Hake and who noted it play this clip. What we saw was the largest tax increase in the American history that the Republicans had voted for. Every single Democrat voted against it. But it All, here we've got Elon Musk saying, Uhuh, he's not in support of this play, this clip.


So, you know, I was like disappointed to see the massive spending vote, frankly, which increases the budget deficit, not just decrease it. And our reminds the work that the Doge team is doing. I actually thought that when this big beautiful bill came along, I mean like everything he's done on Doge gets wiped out in the first year. I think a, I think a bill can be, can be, can be big or it can be beautiful, but I don't know if it could be both. My personal opinion, This was a speech from Ron DeSantis governor of Florida saying that this is a bad bill. That the Republicans in the house and in Congress in general have betrayed the American people play this clip.


Yet we have a Republican Congress and to this day we're in the, the end of May past Memorial Day. And not 1 cent in Doge cuts have been implemented by the Congress. That's one of the reasons why we need a balanced budget amendment to the US Constitution. It's another reason why we need term limits for members of Congress. But I think what you've seen with how, and and I, I kind of said this early on, that Doge and Elon were on a collision course with the swamp.


And the question is, what would happen? And I don't think there's any question that Doge fought the swamp and so far the swamp has won. And that's just unfortunate. But I don't think you can look at this any other way More from Magar publican Senator Rick Scott. 'cause our audience is like, wait a second, I thought it passed the house. Are you saying that the Senate can change it and then there's a reconciliation between the House and the Senate? Is that correct? Yeah, Charlie, we'll change it. We'll have our own bill. And what'll happen is it will go back through a conference. I'll just go back to the house and they'll pass our bill. But I, I believe we're gonna dramatically reduce mandatory spending to get this budget balanced in a short period of time, which is what we have to do.


Here's Rick Scott again. Right here, play this clip. The house bill cuts the spending by less than 2% over the next 10 years. It doesn't balance, the budget isn't even close to balance in the budget. So there's a whole bunch of us, we are going to fight like hell to balance this budget. Now we're seeing fractures even among Mago Republicans in the House of Representatives as well who voted for this thing. For example, you've got a mago Republican congress member named Tom Tiffany from Wisconsin's seventh who says he wants to see more cuts to Medicaid play this clip. Are You concerned at all that the Senate would look to cut Medicaid even more in, in, in a quest to find more savings?


I think there's some ways in which they can find more savings and I think over time it's going to be important to do that. 'cause if we're gonna protect and save that program for who it's meant to be, which is the vulnerable, it's the it, you know, it's, it, it, it's, it's someone that has a disability, pregnant women, poor people. If we're gonna protect that program for who it was meant for, there are more reforms that can be made.


Okay, so here's the deal. I love animals always have, but the second I step into a house with a cat, instant allergy meltdown, it's like my body staging a protest. Itchy eyes, runny nose, the whole nightmare. I used to just avoid cats altogether until I discovered Pacagen. This podcast is sponsored by Pacagen and if you or someone in your home is allergic to cats, listen up. Nearly one in five people have cat allergies and most allergy solutions just mask symptoms, pathogens, cat allergen neutralizing spray. It goes straight to the source, the allergens floating around your home and actually breaks them down so you can live and breathe in peace. Turns out it's not the cat fur, it's their saliva. When cats groom, they basically coat themselves in allergens. Pacagen uses this brilliant protein called whisker block to neutralize those allergens safely without any harsh chemicals. Just spray it every few days and that's it. 97% of Pacagen customers say they feel real relief. I used the last time my friend brought his cat over. No allergens meant no more sneezing. Just good vibes. And this isn't some gimmick, it's engineered by scientists from Harvard and Princeton. Pacagen is allergist recommended, VE approved and PhD engineered your pets aren't just pets, they're family. So get the relief you need with Pacagen. Head to Pacagen dot com slash Midas Plus for 15% off your order. And an exclusive gift for our listeners at checkout. That's P-A-C-A-G-E n.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for 15% off your order. And an exclusive gift, one last time, that's Pacagen dot com back slash midas for 15% off and an exclusive gift auto applied at checkout.


Now I've shared with you before Ron Johnson from Wisconsin MAGA Republican saying, no way is he supporting this. President Trump has suggested that the debt is not really top of mind of his concerns. He wants Republicans to fall in line. He wants Republicans to pass the bill. You told CNN quote, somebody's got to be the dad that says, I know y'all want to go to Disney World but we can't afford it. I guess I'm gonna be that guy, unquote. So how determined are you to be that guy if it actually means telling President Trump you are going to vote against the bill and you're gonna try to get other Republican senators to join you unless there are major, major changes.


Well, in 2010 I sprang on the Tea party movement and, and as I did parades, my, I would shout this is a fight for freedom. We are mortgaging our children's future. It is wrong, it's immoral, it has to stop. I haven't changed my campaign promise in 2010 and every campaign after that was to stop mortgaging our children's future. It's immoral, it's wrong. It has to stop. And so he may not be worried about that. I am extremely worried about that. That is my primary goal running for, for Congress. This is our moment. We have witnessed an unprecedented level of increased spending 58% since 2019 other than World War ii. This is, this is our only chance to reset that to a reasonable pre pandemic level of spending.


And again, I think you can do it and the spending that we would eliminate, people wouldn't even notice. But you have to do the work, which takes time. Maga, Republican Senator Rand Paul saying he ain't supporting this adding Spending. Somebody has to stand up and yell. The emperor has no clothes and everybody's falling in lockstep on this. Passed the big beautiful Bill. Don't question anything. Well, conservatives do need to stand up and have their voice heard. This is a problem we've been facing for decades now and if we don't stand up on it, I I, I really fear the direction the country is going. Okay, the senator, excuse me, the Speakers. And here he explains one of the reasons why he says it's going to add trillions to the deficit.


And he goes, just look, the budget bill itself calls for raising the debt ceiling by 4 trillion over the next two years. They're gonna run $2 trillion deficits per year. I think it's gonna be more play this clip Biden's spending levels when March every Republican, virtually every Republican other than me voted to continue the Biden spending levels, which are gonna give us a $2.2 trillion deficit. Now if you increase the debt ceiling four to $5 trillion, that means they're planning on 2 trillion this year and more than 2 trillion next year. That's just not conservative. So I've told 'em if they strip out the debt ceiling, I'll consider even with the imperfections voting for the rest of the bill. But I can't vote to raise the debt ceiling.


5 trillion. There's gotta be someone left in Washington who thinks debt is wrong and deficits are wrong and wants to go in the other direction. The idea that we're going to explode deficits and the projections are now looking at over $3 trillion in deficits over the next 10 years, I think is just, you know, not a serious proposal. So You know the de you know, who's also against the budget bill in its current form, MAGA Republican Senator Josh Hawley play this clip. So If this bill comes over from the house, the Senate And you have to vote on it, are, you know, if this bill does not change, Yo I'm not gonna support this bill from the house in this forum. I think that's clear. It's gotta change before it can pass the Senate.


And I continue to stand by my line in the sand, which is no Medicaid benefit cuts. Listen, if you wanna do work requirements, I'm all for that. I bet every Republican and I bet most Americans would agree with that. But we're not talking here about just work requirements. The house goes much, much, much further than that. This is real Medicaid benefit cuts. I can't support that. No Republicans should support that. We're the party of the working class motto. We need to act like it. MAGA Republican Senator Kevin Kramer play the clip. It's rich coming from, from a freedom practice. It's supposed to be fiscal, fiscal conservative and end up with not that conservative to we're gonna do is we're gonna pass a bill that can get 50 volts and whatever other numbers come along with that, the magic number is 50.


In other words, vote gonna actually pass the bill Maga, Republican Senator Lindsey Graham play the clip. The Freedom Caucus members are warning you guys not to water down any of their cuts. What do you say to them? You had your chance that there's some of these cuts are not real and we're talking about over a decade. You know, if you do a trillion and a half, that's like a percent and a half. So let's don't get high on our horse here that we've somehow made some major advancement of reducing spending.


'cause we didn't. And one of the things that MAGA Mike Johnson has done here as well is he's highlighted the cruelty of the GOP platform, right? He's showing that they want to cut food assistance, snap supplemental nutrition assistance program, cut rental assistance programs to to people the, if you're making between zero and 50,000 or 51,000, you literally just on day one, a thousand dollars gets taken from you and gets given to people who make more than $4.3 million who will be saving an extra $370,000. The billionaires are going to get literally trillions of dollars in tax cuts right here.


And Medicaid and Medicare is cut. But here's what MAGA Mike Johnson had to say about cutting snap in his own congressional district here playing this clip. We don't want to slash benefits. And again, I make this very clear, we are not cutting Medicaid, we are not cutting snap. We're working in the elements of fraud, waste, and abuse. Snap for example, listen to the statistics in 2024, over $11 billion in snap payments, were, were erroneous. I mean that's, that's a number that everyone acknowledges is real. It may be much higher Than Louisiana is like the second largest recipient of state stamps in the country, sir. So Let, let me explain it Margaret, let me explain it. The states, the states are not properly administering this 'cause they don't have enough skin in the game.


So what we've done in the bill is had some just a modest state sharing component so that they'll pay attention to that so that we can reduce fraud. Why? Again? So that it is preserved for the people that need it the most. This is common sense Margaret. It's good government and everybody in both sides of the aisle should agree to that. Well, Senator Hall, there you have it. I've got the receipts. We're gonna see, here's my prediction. We ha they're not gonna pass anything. We're gonna head right up to an issue where they gotta raise the debt ceiling and we're gonna have an issue of a potential government shutdown. Everybody's gonna scramble and panic and that's just how the GOP does business like Trump.


The bankrupt, the felon, the sexual abuser, the criminal. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad-free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.