
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed Or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock, Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply


When you check out at the pharmacy. You see the journey from Idea to Medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at PhRMA dot org slash ip works wonders.


Ryan Reynolds here for Mint Mobile. You know, one of the perks about having four kids that you know about is actually getting a direct line to the big man up north. And this year he wants you to know the best gift that you can give someone is the gift of Mint Mobile S Unlimited Wireless for $15 a month. Now you don't even need to wrap it. Give it a try At Mint Mobile dot com slash switch, $45 Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees, Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes on unlimited Mint Mobile dot com for details.


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year's. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Opendoor app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California, an Open Door brokerage, LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply,


We are less than 48 hours from the government shutting down because the MAGA Republicans in the House of Representatives don't do their job. They're dependent on Democrats once again to try to bail them out because all of the MAGA Republicans in the House of Representatives want to torch their own continuing resolution. They've never actually passed a budget. So we basically go month to month or every other month or so, and then there are all of these procedural maneuvers that are done, and then we have to pass continuing resolutions. And then the day before, there's all of this crisis. And then Democrats bail the MAGA Republicans out.


Well, earlier this weekend, I'm sure you probably have seen my reporting, maga, Mike Johnson said finally, there's a continuing resolution that has been prepared. He said that he's giving it to everybody to read. But now Elon Musk, an unelected bureaucrat who's basically a co-president and Vivek Ramis Swami, who run this fake government agency called Doge, they're saying, kill the continuing resolution. Nobody should pass it. This is what Elon Musk's actual post is. This bill should not pass. And Vivek Ramis Swami goes currently reading the 1,547 page bill to fund the government through mid-March, expecting every US congressman and senator to do the same.


Okay, good for you. You're, you're reading it. But then Elon Musk says, this bill should not pass. So what do you wanna do? You wanna just torch the entire American economy. I think Elon Musk said that we should all suffer some form of economic hardship. That's the language that he used. What do you want us to be like, Javier Malay in Argentina. And we should suffer Trump and Elon Musk austerity measures while y'all are partying in Mar-a-Lago and on private jets and Bentleys and Rolls Royces and whatever that we, the people suffer. You know, Donald Trump's proposed tax plan adds more taxes to everybody but the billionaires. Is that what you all wanted?


Is that what you all voted for? Elon Musk, you certainly didn't vote for? I mean, he's not an elected official. He writes the following as well. Ever seen a bigger piece of pork? And he takes a photo of the bill. Now, look, okay, 1,547 pages, whatever it is, is long. But you need a functioning government. I think it's ridiculous that MAGA Republicans literally dump this thing two days yet again before the government shut down. But that's what they've done before. Note, when the Democrats were in charge of the House of Representatives, you know what happened? There was a budget that was passed and you didn't have to do continuing resolutions every year and go through this again.


Remember going back, what, three years ago or so, or two years ago at this point, Republicans refused to raise the debt ceiling. We're gonna, we're gonna send the country into a great depression. Remember they said that? And Biden had to fix that, and they didn't pass a budget. Continuing resolution, continuing resolution. What else is Elon Musk posting? He's using his artificial intelligence on his social media platform to post images of, of, over here, Elizabeth Warren dressed up as Pocahontas. So that's also what he's doing. In addition to telling MAGA Mike Johnson and the MAGA Republicans to kill their own bill. And again, this is where some understanding of civics is important.


Who controls the House of Representatives? Right now, the Republicans, not the Democrats who put this forward. The Republicans maga Mike Johnson, the party that you support Elon Musk put this thing together. And if you just wanna destroy it, I, I'm being serious. Why do Democrats continue to bail them out? I understand that nobody wants a recession or a depression or to go through any of this, but why are we, why are Democrats constantly swooping in to save the day and make MAGA Republicans look semi competent? Just let, let them torch it and then you can go. Look, they don't know what the hell they're doing.


Look at Elon Musk's post. He said, kill this bill. Kill it. This is what ABC's reporting, total dumpster fire. Republicans fume over speakers spending plan days from shutdown deadline. Who? The Republican speaker, your own person, Mike Johnson under fire as House Republicans torch his funding bill, you mean, you mean their funding Bill, the New Republic, the Republican funding Bill. You are the pa you are in charge of the House of Representatives. Here are some statements as, as well. This is like, this is from Eric Burleson called the continuing resolution, a total dumpster fire.


By the way, a lot of the things that Republicans don't like in this is the disaster relief portion as well, to bring disaster relief to areas hit hard by the hurricane. 'cause they still wanna spread all of those conspiracies for Donald Trump. MAGA Republican Eric Burleson goes, I think it's garbage. This is what Washington DC has done. This is why I ran for Congress to stop this. Burleson told a nonprofit broadcaster, see, spent. Sadly, this is happening again. I think that it's shameful that people that celebrate Doge coming in and yet we're going to vote for another billion dollars be added to the deficit. It is ironic. You know, when Trump was in power the first time, you know how much you added to the deficit?


It didn't start with a B, it started with a T and it didn't start with a one. It started with an eight, $8 trillion. You added in debt $8 trillion more than anyone before. Why? Because this is all a sham. All this is is a power grab for the billionaires and the oligarchy to loot, plunder our economy here in the United States. So what are you whining about? This is your party. This isn't Washington dc The Republicans are in power since we've been given the majority, again, we're adding $30 billion and, and literally totally unpaid for additional deficit spending just since November five.


Chip Roy, another MAGA Republican says, I don't see what's doing what we're supposed to be doing. I don't know, you're, do what you're supposed to do, do your job. Then the conference itself owns this. The conference needs to decide whether we're actually serious about spending. We're just fundamentally unserious about spending. The main thing that you're supposed to do in Congress is you have the power of the purse. So when you say we're unserious about spending, to just re redact the word spending and just say, cross out the word spending and just say, we are unserious. By the way, you wanna know what's in the continuing resolution, A pay raise for Republicans and an Obamacare optout. That's what they decided to put in this continuing resolution where if it doesn't pass in two days, the government is going to shut down.


So as Sam Stein says, the Speaker of the house, second in line of presidential secession groveling with leaders now of a fake government entity called Doge, Elon Musk and Vivek Rams Swami, to get them not to torpedo a government funding bill, which if they torpedoed, could send us into a recession and depression and shut down our government as this other account says, just in case there were any questions about who's in charge. So MAGA Mike Johnson goes on Fox News this morning and he's asked the following questions about the Doge directors. The Fox and Friends hosts asked Mike Johnson to respond to that Elon Musk tweet I read for you at the beginning of this video, live on air here, watch this.


Oh, and this is Breaking You News. You do not know. You know who also does not like this? Elon Musk, the world's richest man just tweeted this bill should not pass. The only way you're gonna be able to pass it. Now, Mr. Speaker is with Democrats. If you could, if you could, what's your message to Elon Musk? Well, I, I was communicating with Elon last night. Elon and Vivek and I are on a text chain together, and I was explaining to them the background of this, and Vivek and I talked last night about almost midnight, and he said, look, I get it. He said, we understand you're in an impossible position. Everybody knows that. Remember guys, we still have just a razor thin margin of Republicans. So any bill has to have Democrat votes.


They understand the situation. They said, it's not directed to you, Mr. Speaker, but we don't like the spending. I said, guess what fellas? I don't either. We gotta get this done because here's the key. By doing this, we are clearing the decks and we are setting up for Trump to come in roaring back with the America First agenda. That's what we're gonna run with Gusto beginning January 3rd,


How closely do you track your bank statements and credit card transactions? I honestly don't have time to do it as much as I'd like, but Rocket Money makes it so much quicker and easier to stay on top of my finances. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that empowers you to save more, spend less, and take control of your financial life. With Rocket Money, you can see all of your checking, savings, credit cards and investments in one convenient place, allowing you to understand your spending trends. Rocket Money can help you set up a custom budget by identifying top spending categories and suggesting areas where you could adjust your spending habits. They'll calculate your monthly spending allowance and alert you when you're close to going over budget so you can save more and spend less. Maybe you wanna spend less on dining out or on new clothes. Rocket Money will give you the keys to easily make those decisions. They also have a goals feature that automatically saves money for you, so you don't even have to think about it. Whether your goal is to pay off your credit card debt, set away money for a house, or simply save you money, Rocket Money makes it easy. Rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower bills for you. Sometimes by up to 20% saving money on a cell phone or cable bill and not having to deal with customer service yourself. A dream come true. Rocket Money is over 5 million happy members and has saved its users over $1 billion with a B across all of the apps features. Let Rocket Money help you reach your financial goals faster. Get Rocket Money today at Rocket Money dot com slash midas touch. That's Rocket Money dot com slash midas. Touch Rocket Money dot com slash midas touch.


And this is the thing too. Remember, I've been saying this over and over again in the videos, the whole Republican philosophies as follows, be the arsonists, destroy plunder. Take whatever you can as the arsonist and then blame the firefighters for putting out the fire. Have people reelect the arsonist by destroying education and taking away any understanding and how civics works. And then literally have people reelect the arsonists who burnt it down to begin with by blaming the firefighters for not being able to fix the arson quick enough. That's essentially their philosophy. And in the chaos, in the suffering, they hoist up a strong man and they said only he can fix it.


He's gonna be able to bring so much stability. It's why we need a steady hand right now. You are, you are in charge. What are you even talking about? You, you, you need to have Daddy Trump help you out. Maga Mike, this is why these people are so freaking pathetic. Here's MAGA Mike saying, look, we need Donald Trump. He's gonna help us from the drones. He's gonna help us from the drones and he is gonna help us from ourself here. Play this clip And says, we're following it closely so far, no sense of danger. Yeah, I feel so much bad. This is, this is why we need, this is why we need Donald J. Trump back in the White House to bring a, a steady hands of the wheel and a strong commander in chief. You know, he would have already had the answers. He would've already delivered to the American people and certainly to members of Congress.


So leadership matters. That's why he got the mandate, right? That's why the American people can't wait for the America first agenda to start and we can't wait on, all right, Good luck the next 72. So utterly pathetic folks. Anyway, let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter. Go. The weather Outside is right For plus Friday. So delightful. Buckle Up and take it Slow. Let It snow. Let it snow.


Let it snow. It Doesn't show signs of stopping. And I you wipers are wiping are turned down low, slowly, no Slow, brought to you by Youth of Virginia. Speak out and Halifax County High School.