
If you've heard that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the science-backed Language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Bael gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with Bael Right now, up to 55% off your babble subscription at bael.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E-L do com slash spotify podcast. Rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms. Apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G. Pt, what do You know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 Plus and Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook gambling problem? Call one 800 gambler.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on am mo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next with Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone as a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, mantis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis x.com.


The cracks are showing maga Mike, can you handle the pressure? It looks like Donald Trump's big, beautiful bill is turning into a big awful disaster and you are the one holding the bag. As this is all blowing up and some of the MAGA Republican senators are saying, under no circumstance are they going to agree to this awful, awful bill that increases the deficit by trillions of dollars and guts. Medicaid. So here MAGA Mike Johnson held a press conference earlier in the day and he was asked a lot of questions, by the way, including Donald Trump accepting bribes from Cutter. You can see MAGA Mike's stress as he goes, oh, I've been a little busy dealing with reconciliation.


So I don't know. What are we talking about here with this, with this cutter jet? What are we talking about here? Play this clip. If the president were to accept a airplane from the Qari government, should Congress have approval over that kind of Look? I I've been a little busy on reconciliations. I'm not following all the twist and turns of the, of Guitar jet. I've certainly heard about it. My understanding is it's not a personal gift to the President. It's a gift to the United States and, and, and other nations give us gifts all the time. But I'm gonna leave to the administration. They know much more about the details of that. Okay. I'm just, it's not my lane. Yes, sir. Although MAGA Mike did seem to express seem some sympathy for members of Congress who engage in insider stock trading.


Let's play this clip. Well, look, You know, the, the salary of Congress has been frozen since 2009. You know, when you adjust for inflation, a member of Congress today is making it 31% less than they made in that year. It goes down every year. And, and over time, if you stay on this trajectory, you're, you're gonna have less qualified people who are willing to make the extreme sacrifice to run for Congress. I mean, it's just, people just make a reasonable decision as a family on whether or not they can come and, and move to Washington, have a residency or residents at home, and do all the things that are required. So the the counter argument is, and I have some sympathy, look at least let them like engage in some stock trading So that they can continue to, You know, take care of their family.


Meghan Mike Johnson is then asked if he has concerns about Donald Trump's business dealings. Here's what MAGA Mike says, Mr. Speaker, you were very critical of President Biden and his family's foreign business dealings. You've supported an impeach impeachment in inquiry as a result of it. Are you equally concerned about President Trump's family's business dealings, especially given the fact that he's in a region now where his family has billions of dollars of investments in Doha and Saudi Arabia and the fact that he has a crypto business now where he is auctioned off access to the White House for the highest bidder in his meaningful Look, there are authorities that police executive branch ethics rules. I'm not an expert in that.


My, my expertise is here in the house. Okay? I'll say that the, our, the reason they many people refer to the Bidens as the Biden crime family is because they were doing all this stuff behind curtains, but in the back rooms, they were trying to conceal it and they repeatedly lied about it and they set up shell companies and the family was all engaged in getting all on the doll. I, whatever the President Trump is doing is, is out in the open. They're not trying to conceal anything. Mr. Speaker, the investment in the meme coin, those folks are not transparent. We do not know who those people are. I don't know anything about the meme coin thing. I don't, I don't know. I can just tell you that, I mean, president Trump has had nothing to hide. He's, he is very upfront about it. And, and there, there are people who watch all the ethics of that.


But I mean, I'm, I've, I've gotta be concerned with running the House of Representatives and that's what I do. Question Is oversight though. That's the congressional responsibility Isn't that Congress has oversight responsibility, but I think so far as I know, the ethics are all being followed. So yes sir, It's always projection and confession with these people. It is the Trump crime family and the fact that they are doing it in plain sight doesn't make it any better. And it also doesn't mean that there's a lot going on behind the scenes as well. These meme coins are basically untraceable. So, which foreign governments or they're hard to trace. So, which foreign governments are using their meme coin wallets and hiding it to buy off Donald Trump.


What else is going on behind the scenes that we don't know about? Because actually the way the cutter jet was exposed was through confidential sources who Donald Trump's DOJ wants to go after. So then what does MAGA Mike have to do? Just think about this. Threatening his colleagues, the Democratic Congress members with arrest. That's where we are Right now, where this despicable vile piece of trash Speaker of the house coward, who has some weird app where he monitors his son's website of going to porn and his son monitors their bo their mutual porn app. Some weird stuff going on. Here's Mag and Mike threatening to arrest Democrats and saying the DOJ is looking into it.


What he's talking about is how democratic congress members were at Delaney Hall, a migrant detention center, which was reopened in Newark, where the private prison guards assaulted the mayor and assaulted Democratic Congress members. But now the MAGA playbook is saying, we're going to prosecute Democratic Congress members because that's what the Trump regime wants us to do here. Play this clip. Mr. Speaker, can you flush out the possible discipline that these members, the Democrats could face for what happened in New Jersey? Well, look, there's three possible disciplinary actions that Congress, the House can take. Okay? You can, since you're a member, and that probably does seem appropriate here, you can kick them off committees.


That's a new tradition, but gone by the Democrats in recent years. And you can expel someone from Congress. Now, expulsion requires a two thirds of vote. That's not likely. 'cause the margins are small on both sides. But You know, we're, we're looking at what is appropriate. Look, I, I think, I think it's pretty clear that the law was violent. You might have noticed the Wisconsin judge that was trying to conceal the illegal alien that was gonna be apprehended by ice. A federal grand jury indicted the judge. I think that was late yesterday and I'm told that she'll be brought up on charge, maybe pot facing potentially six years in jail and $350,000 in fines because she obstructed the proceedings, obstructed justice and, and was engaged in other activities.


So look, this, what, what these house Democrats did is in that same, that same lane, the same vein of what the judge is being indicted for. So I think there's some, I think there's some legal ramifications to play out here and we'll see how it works. Expulsion On the table. We're, we're work. We're talking through all the possibilities. Yes ma'am.


What if I told you the most luxurious place to listen to this podcast could be on your toilet cloud Plus by Toshi bidet turns your toilet into a biohacking throne that automatically deodorizes the air The moment you sit down, I'm gonna keep it real. The Toshi bidet has become my absolute favorite part of my day. The installation was incredibly easy and the cleaning experience is perfect. Traditional toilet paper absolutely does not stand a chance. The Tihi bidet leaves me feeling cleaner and more fresh after I do my business than anything else. Tushy is the everyday luxury bidet that instantly transforms your bathroom habits and bottom health for life. Tushy elevated bidet collection nurtures your bottom with instant warm water that never runs cold. A soothing heated seat and UV sterilization for next level hygiene. All Tushy bidets easily attach to your existing toilet without the need for additional plumbing. Instead of wiping endlessly with toilet paper, Tushy pristinely removes 99% of bacteria while protecting your natural skin barrier Thanks to one natural ingredient, fresh water reclaim your comfort zone in the bathroom. For a limited time, our listeners get 10% off their first Bidet Otter. When you use code Midas at checkout, that's 10% off your first bidet order at hello Tushy dot com with promo code Midas.


Let's take a look at what some of these magar Republican Congress members are saying. Like here Josh Hawley from Missouri saying that he's not going to support the bill that's in the current form in the House of Representatives play this clip. We do that by giving them tax relief. We do that by bringing down their healthcare bills. We don't do it by cutting Medicaid If this bill becomes law. Do you, are you concerned that Republicans could face a severe blowback in the elections next year? Now this bill is not gonna become law in its current form. Not at least because President Trump won't sign it. Manu, I've talked to him about this personally multiple times. He has been crystal clear in public too, no Medicaid benefit cuts. We need to give a tax cut to working people, not raise their taxes when it comes to healthcare, not take away their healthcare benefits.


I hope this bill will get refocused on delivering relief for working families. That's what we ought to be doing. Do you think some of the wealthier taxpayers should pay higher taxes? I'm fine with that. You know, the president has floated that. He said maybe we ought to allow the top rate to the very top rate for people making over a million or over $5 million a year to go back to where it was before. It's like a one point increase mono, I I would be fine with that if that's what the president wants to do. Bottom Line, here's maga Republican Congress member Lawler who says that he's a no on the reconciliation bill. Let's play It a 30,000 number with a $400,000 income cap. That's unacceptable. And we said no very clearly. And so we're going through the process of finally negotiating with leadership to come to hopefully in agreement.


But You know, I look at it very simply. A district like mine, okay, just north of New York City, three of the four counties that I represent are in the top 16 highest property tax counties in America. And so having an income cap of, of 400,000 would devastate so many families across my district and I'm just not going to accept it. And so, You know, we will negotiate and hopefully come to an agreement. But the fact is that as this stands as currently written, I'm a no, You're a no. Here's some additional opposition from magar Republican senators.


Manu Raju was able to interview Magar Republican Ron Johnson from Wisconsin and others, here's what he had to say, play this clip. I don't think people have voted for President Trump thought that we would continue spanning at President Biden's level. So I don't see any anyway. I can support, You know, more, more tax cuts and more deficit in spending. We, we should not be increasing in deficit. I Do fear that all the really large ticket items for reducing spending have sort of been excluded. So I have a feeling it's going to be wimpy on the, on the spending cuts. And it's going to be maybe a little wimpy on the taxes too. Should also be noted that I think Democrats have been doing some great cross exams during these congressional hearings.


For example, you had Democratic Congress member Tom Swazi expose that in cross exam of one of the individuals who You know, has to r rate this tax bill that actually all of Donald Trump's promises on the campaign trail about no tax on this and no tax was false Play this clip. Okay on tips, the president has said your tips will be a hundred percent yours. Does this tax bill continue the payroll tax on people's tips? Yes, it, yes it does. Mr. Overtime the president said your overtime will be tax free. Does this bill continue the payroll tax on overtime? It, it does not exempt overtime from the payroll taxes.


The President said he is gonna remove taxes on social security. Does this bill remove taxes on social security benefits? The legislation provides an increased exemption amount for, But does it remove taxes on social security benefits as promised by the president? Does Not change social, the President and this the Republicans. And we also know that from additional cross exam that tens of millions of people will lose their health insurance. Play this clip of Democratic Congress member do it in his questions. Play this clip Mr. Bar that this legislation fails to extend the enhanced tax credits that lower the cost of insurance for millions of Americans who purchase their own coverage through the marketplace.


That that's correct. And when the Republicans permit these credits to expire in a mere seven months, what is the effect on health insurance premiums for those individuals that rely on the marketplace today? Work that our staff has done in conjunction with the Congressional budget office suggests that that premiums will increase for individuals. Sir. Yes sir. They go up about almost 8%, I believe is a specific calculation that you did. And is it true that this failure on the part of Republicans will raise premiums not just for those, not that they'll raise them really for nearly everyone in the marketplace, not just for those who receive the subsidies?


That's, that's correct. That's part of the analysis. If my understanding is correct. Failure to extend this policy will result in an increase in the number of uninsured Americans. Is that right? That's correct, sir. That's Yes sir. And I've received that. You See the cracks beginning to form as well. Right here, here's Mag Republican Congress member Jeff Heard, who talks about his concerns of Donald Trump getting bribed by can airplay this clip Backlash even from some Republicans and Naga allies like Laura Loomer and Ben Shapiro. Where do you stand on that decision? I have serious concerns with this so-called gift from the government of Qatar.


Security concerns, ethical concerns using this used airplane. But it's also a gift from a government that supports terrorist organizations like Hamas. So if there were a democratic president that was accepting a gift like this, we'd be outraged. I think it's something that we should look at carefully and I've definitely serious concerns with this, this gift. And, and what do you make of the fact that now the Trump administration is saying, well actually it's gonna go to a department DOD State Department. It's really gonna gift a gift to the department. Does that assuage your concerns at all? No. It's six and one half a dozen of the other. I'm still concerned with this gift. Again, there's ethical concerns that I think still remain, but there's also security concerns. Why are we accepting a gift from this?


A, a used airplane that's 13 years old from a government that is aligned with in individuals and organizations that are hostile to our interest in the Middle East? It just makes me concerned fundamentally. It's, it's a bad issue. And I, I, again, regardless of who the president is, I think we would be cautious. And I certainly, it's something that I cannot support. And here's maga, Republican Senator Kennedy talking about Qatar play this clip. Reflections On what we're watching now, Senator. Well first quickly, Qatar, I trust Qatar. Like I, like I trust a, a rest stop bathroom. If they wanna be friendly, I wanna be friendly back. But with those guys, You know, trusting God.


But tie up your camel. Now in terms of Iran, what you do is what you believe and everything else is just cottage cheese. That's true in, in life and in foreign policy. You can't just talk tough, you gotta be tough. And finally, democratic Congress member Jared Moskowitz, let's show you what he had to say. Let's Play it. Donald Trump said he is not cutting Medicaid. Okay? And so, You know, that's what he's been saying. Okay? And yet Republicans come with almost $800 billion of Medicaid cuts, which is what the Democrats have been talking about for the last five months. You know, there are members here in the house and the Senate said they're not gonna cut Medicaid.


And it looks like John, we're literally on our way to capitulation. And so, You know, this is taking healthcare away from our most vulnerable to try to offset some of these tax cuts. They're still gonna add trillions of dollars to debt. Don't listen to me. Just listen to Chip Roy or Thomas Massey who are saying that. There you have it folks. Lemme know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Popowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


American Giant makes great clothing sweatshirts, jeans, and more right here in the us. Visit american giant.com and get 20% off your first order with code Staple 20. That's 20% off your first order@americangiant.com. Code staple 20.