
When you check out at the pharmacy, You see the journey from Idea to Medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at PhRMA dot org slash ip. Works. Wonders.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.


Maga mike, you sir, are about to get fired after getting on Elon Musk and Donald Trump's bad side. I think January 3rd is going to be your last day. Let me talk about how the MAGA Republicans are all lined up to fire MAGA Mike Johnson. But could we just show some of these photos of MAGA Mike Johnson on the jet with Donald Trump and Elon Musk, or at the UFC match with Donald Trump and Kid Rock and Don Jr. And should, should I do it to a song yesterday? Mag Mike, you're trouble seems so far away.


She's supposed to put the, the photos like a montage. Don't worry, I'll spare you the song. But here's the thing folks. I think the MAGA Republicans are gearing up to fire MAGA Mike Johnson. So he had put forward this continuing resolution to stop the government shutdown. He entered into a bipartisan deal with Democrats. 'cause guess what? In politics, you gotta work with the other side sometimes. But how dare you do that when you've got Elon Musk, the essentially de facto president of the United States, who Donald Trump takes his orders from now. And Elon Musk said that the MAGA Mike Johnson continuing resolution bipartisan deal was criminal and that it was a horrible thing.


And anybody who votes for it should not be reelected and be voted on. And then Elon Musk posted photos of himself with Samurai Swords and said, kill the bill. So then on Thursday night, MAGA Mike Johnson tried to put together some other continuing resolution. And Donald Trump was saying, look, you gotta get rid of the debt ceiling. MAGA Mike, I know that we've been saying that you shouldn't raise the debt ceiling when President Biden was in charge, but for me, just can you get rid of like the debt ceiling right now and tie that to the continuing resolution. 'cause I got project 2025 MAGA Mike and I gotta give tax cuts to billionaires and that's gonna skyrocket our debt by trillions of dollars.


And those mass deportations aren't gonna pay for themself. Like I lied to the American people about. So can you just get rid of the whole debt ceiling thing? And MAGA mike's like anything for you, Donald, anything for you Donald. But other Republicans were like, wait, wait, wait, what? Wait, what? So you said that this other continuing resolution was bad because it was, it had all these other things in it and it wasn't a clean one and it had all these benefits and had all the spending, but now you want to increase the debt by $5 trillion essentially by removing the debt ceiling. Oh, and let's read the fine print right here.


Wait a minute. In this new continuing resolution that MAGA Mike Johnson has introduced, it basically lifted all restrictions with doing business in China, potentially for people like Elon Musk. And wait a minute, it removed $190 million in pediatric cancer research, cancer research for children right before Christmas. Let's remove the cancer research to help children get well and heal from cancer. That's what they are doing. MAGA mikes like, let's fricking do it. And now there's a civil war brewing. The MAGA Republicans pretty much all hate maga. Mike Johnson, you've got the Elon Musk faction.


It was basically the president at this point. You've got Elon Musk speaking out against MAGA, Mike Johnson. And, and then you've got on the other side, You know, all of the other MAGA speaking out against maga. Mike Johnson. Here, take a look at this for example, right here, let me show you this clip. This is MAGA republican Mike Lee, Senator from Oklahoma. He's like, You know, we gotta replace MAGA Mike Johnson with Elon Musk and Vive Ram Swami. He, this is like Clownish Buffoonery here, play this clip. Well, I, I don't think Johnson likes you Now, next time you guys see each other walking through the calls of Congress, I like him.


He's gonna probably kick you in the leg. He Is a good man. He's a friend. He's been a long friend for a long time. Great person. He's lost control of this process, okay? And he's, this is, I don't know how he can remain in power. All right, we need Elon or Vivek as speaker. He's a friend. And you just threw him overboard, man. Yes I did. Politics is tough, senator. Well It is, especially when you try to jam an entire country with the 1500 page bill that nobody's read and you try to trick them and bully them into do it. Yeah, some of us take that personally, Jesse. Yeah, no, I don't like it either. I think it's terrible and we gotta stop doing it and it's gotta stop now. Alright, you got other MAGA republican senators weighing in as well.


Here you got MAGA Republican, Josh Hawley saying, I think we need to have a serious look at who's leading congress play this clip. Why would you saddle Donald Trump with this terrible spending bill before he even gets into office? And Sean, the worst part is it dumps it right back at his lap in March. In March under this bill, they'd shut the government down again. Have to do this all over again, have to raise the debt ceiling again later the same year. It's ridiculous. It's a horrible plan. I can't believe that Republican leadership ever cooked it up. Clearly they didn't talk to Trump about it. And I tell you what, we need to have a serious look at who's leading this congress because if, if this is the best they can do, I mean it's just, it's total incompetence.


This is a disaster. And by the way, MAGA, Mike Johnson looks just so utterly weak. So after their own bill got killed, this frankensteinian thing that Elon Musk and Donald Trump entrusted with MAGA mike to push through in Congress on Thursday night, right? That failed 38 Republicans defected and joined with Democrats to vote against. And Democrats are like, we ain't helping bail you out this time. We bailed you out all those other times before. But Mag and Mike Johnson's like, this is just, this is Washington everybody. This is how it's done here. Play this clip. Everybody. Here's the house speaker Mike Johnson.


This is Washington. This is how the, the lawmaking is done. It's a long process. Sometimes it takes a while to reach consensus, but we are gonna do the right thing here tonight. The American, here's another clip of MAGA Mike Johnson as well. Here, let me show you this. We, we know what we are to do. We're we're determined to do that. And even though this vote would push the debt limit to 2027, it in no way reflects any lack of enthusiasm on our part. To get about those serious cuts for the American people, we have to have fiscal responsibility as a core principle of our party. So that's what the, the house Republicans are committed to. Every single one of them, we will get together and do that work.


And it begins in early January. Be clear Mag Mike Johnson. That's not how it's done. And Mag Mike Johnson never really had leadership positions before he was given the speakership. I mean, he's looked at right now as just one of the weakest people and he's unable to bring the caucus together. Here is Democratic Congress member Hakeem Jeffries, the leader of the Democrats. And here he's saying it's a, he goes, this is laughable. You know what MAGA Mike and Elon Musk are trying to push through is freaking laughable. Watch Hakeem Jeffries right here, talk about them. The Musk Johnson proposal is not serious.


It's laughable. Extreme MAGA Republicans are driving us to a government shutdown. And by the way, they have people in their own caucus. I mean, here's maga Republican chip Roy on the house floor calling out MAGA Mike Johnson and others here at play. This clip Fact of the matter is $330 billion. Congratulations. You've added to the debt since you were given the majority again on November 5th. It's embarrassing. It's shameful. Yes, I think this bill is better than it was yesterday on certain respects. But to take this bill, to take this bill yesterday and congratulate yourself because it shorter in pages, but increases the debt by $5 trillion is asinine.


And that's it precisely what Republicans are doing. I am absolutely sickened by a party that campaigns on fiscal responsibility and has the temerity to go forward to the American people and say, you think this is fiscally responsible? It is absolutely ridiculous.


Your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. So if you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you check out Miracle Made Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and they use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long using silver infused fabrics Inspired by NASA Miracle Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long. No matter the weather. Get better sleeps I do now thanks to Miracle Made Sheets, they're luxuriously comfortable. And without the high price tag of other luxury brands, I think they are nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. They're infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. So no more gross order. So stop sleeping on bacteria which can clog your pores, causing breakouts and acne. Just sleep clean with Miracle. Go to try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order them today, you can save 40%. And if you use our promo Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% Miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you are 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So upgrade your sleep now with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE TOWEL SET and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/to treat yourself. Thank you, Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


Now last week, MAGA Mike Johnson was asked if he thought that he would remain the speaker and he said he had no worries. Here. Play this clip. Are You worried at all about your January 3rd election speaker? I'm not. Look, we have a unified conference. I've talked with every single individual at great length and all of us collectively are ready to take, using our football metaphor to take this proverbial football and run it right back up the field. And to do that, you've gotta have cohesion in your team and you've gotta have all that predetermined and, and, and it is. So I think we'll have a smooth transition, a smooth election to speaker. 'cause we don't have any time to waste to That point. But things have changed. Now here's a question though.


Well, we're, I'll do a whole other video on this for the weekend. You need a Speaker of the House to gavel in on January, on January 6th to certify the results of the election. So what if they don't have a speaker on January 6th to certify the results of the election? Think about it. This is MAGA chaos for you folks. This is on the Republicans. This is on Elon Musk and Donald Trump right here. The billionaires, the oligarchy, they think we're stupid. They think you're stupid. They think that, oh, we're gonna blame this one on the Democrat.


Now you're not gonna blame this on the Democrats. There was a deal to fund the government. By the way, y'all are in charge of the House of Representatives. Maybe you should have passed a freaking budget that sounds novel instead of doing these continuing resolutions every few months and actually do your jobs. How about that? But y'all are in charge of the House of Representatives and blaming this on the Democrats. Put your team together, put your coalition together and vote. See what you could do. Lead Be a real party. Democrats ain't bailing you folks out anymore. And Maga Mike, I hope you enjoyed your job. I'm not really sure that my audience enjoyed that singing at the beginning, but here's what it is.


See you later. Mega Mike. Bye-bye. I don't think you're gonna last as the speaker anymore. Anyway, thanks for watching. Did you watch my interview with President Biden? Have you seen it yet? If you haven't, it's on our YouTube channel. Just watch it. It's great. It's half hour long. It's important. It's an important interview, I think. Hopefully you watch. Anyway, thanks for watching this. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.