
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spend $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


The new KFC Dunk it bucket with juicy original recipe tenders. New mashed potato poppers, crispy fries, plus three sauces that fit right on top of the lid So you can dunk anywhere. You can dunk at the game dunk while security points to the no outside food sign and dunk as 20,000 people. Watch you and your dunk it bucket. Get removed from the stadium dunk almost anywhere with the new $7 KFC. Dunk it bucket. Or get the double dunk it bucket for 25. Prices and participation vary while supplies last Texas tips and fees extra.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, and you could be next With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, mantis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis x.com.


Speaker of the House of Representatives maga. Mike Johnson just got humiliated by his own party on the floor in the House of Representatives maga. Mike Johnson was promising Donald Trump that he'd be able to deliver the passage of the Senate budget blueprint, which was recently passed, that the house would adopt that then they would go further into the reconciliation process to ultimately pass this horrific budget that would gut $880 billion in Medicaid, $400 billion in education close to the same amount in agriculture, and then also completely revoke the authority of Congress to assert its lawful authority over tariffs and allow Donald Trump to basically do whatever he wants.


So MAGA Mike put this Senate budget blueprint for a vote in the House of Representatives. Now for those who know the procedures in the house, you don't do that if you think you're going to lose, it's an embarrassing thing for a speaker to be kind of stood up by their own party. That's precisely what happened yesterday. Maga Mike was waiting in the house floor for like 80 minutes. First it was 30 minutes, 60 minutes, then 80 minutes. And then it was clear that MAGA Mike was not going to have the votes from his own party in, in order to pass the Senate blueprint. Now, this follows Donald Trump the night before on Tuesday night speaking, before all the magar Republican Congress members at the National Republican Congressional Committee Dinner and Donald Trump basically threatening them all, you better vote for this or else they did not line up and actually vote for it yet.


Now, that could change today, but you take a look right here. Hallie Talbot, who does a great job covering this stuff, has the following spreadsheet about how the budget vote that MAGA Mike promised he would get done was punted over this extra day. There's about 20 ish members, MAGA Republicans who aren't voting for this. The house is supposed to leave for a two week recess today, but MAGA Mike Johnson says, I'm gonna keep you over the weekend right now if you don't vote for this. Take a look at this spreadsheet that she prepared right here. Now, if you listen to what the MAGA Republicans are saying, they're saying that the Senate budget blueprint only has about $4 billion in cuts.


Whereas the MAGA Republicans say that their house blueprint costs for $1.5 trillion in cuts. There's also kind of a dispute over this wonkyish language over the Trump tax cuts and in putting forward these Trump tax cuts for the billionaires and how that's going to be calculated in order to pretend that it's not going to add at least $4 trillion to the deficit. So you have all of this infighting taking place, but there was MAGA mike waiting 80 minutes. The process blew up yesterday and now he's gotta kind of wrangle everybody together. Is Donald Trump gonna call and start threatening all the MAGA Republican Congress members?


Let me show you this clip, right? 'cause they didn't respond to the threats from Tuesday night. I'll tell you that. Here's maga Mike Johnson saying yesterday that he was still gonna put this for a vote and he thought he'd get it done, but he did not get it done, done here, Play this clip. We We're continuing to have discussions. The intention is have the vote by this evening and, and we'll see when that time is. We're very, very positive, productive discussions. Everybody's moving forward and I'm really pleased with the dialogue. And that sounds like, sounds like you're short. I I I'm not gonna tell you what the number is, but I'll tell you I'm optimistic as I always am and we're working towards that final consensus, I Think Has there been, will the Senate, will the Senate have to put down its cuts?


The Senate will have to put down the cuts they'll agree to before this vote happens tonight. I I, look, I don't think so. There, there's a lot of good faith dialogue and discussion going on between leaders in both chambers and that's been very productive. It's a one team approach and I Think we're gonna continue that for the next couple of hours and we'll see where we land tonight. How late will you stay? How late will you stay tonight? As Jake Sherman who covers this every day for the past very long period of time, the comings and goings of Congress, he said, I've never quite seen anything like this in my career. He also said this is supposed to be the easy part of reconciliation right here. So what now? Maga Mike Johnson is gonna try to go to a conference with house leadership and senate leadership in order to bridge the difference between 4 billion in cuts from the Senate and 1.5 trillion in spending cuts from the MAGA Republicans in the house, as Jake Sherman says.


Got it. Easy enough. Makes a ton of sense right here. Let's take a look. Manu Raju from cnn, he does a good job reaching out to these MAGA Republican Congress members and others outside of Capitol Hill here. He's talking about people. He is, he spoke to MAGA Republicans like Tim Burchett and others. Watch, watch this right here, here, Play this clip. Why We're bringing it up for a vote right now. It clearly doesn't have the votes. There's, I know of over 12 members that are planning to vote against it. So you're a firm now, what do you Say? Currently it Looks like there's 15 members that are, are holding out right now. So unless something changes, if you can't pass it, you pass it so you do something better.


They use the rules committee resolution to circumvent US law. So that's the difference. What what's your reaction to that? It's illegal. Now here's maga, Republican Congress member Andy Biggs. He's a holdout as well. Not approving the Senate budget blueprint. Here's what he had to say. Play this clip Resolution. How are you even gonna vote today if this comes from the floor? Well, I haven't even whipped, so I'm not gonna tell you. Okay, so what is your love, what is your concern about the Senate's plan right now? I'm What is your concern about the senate plan right now? Their their plan is unserious, I Think is the bottom line. And if you were to look at the Senate plan, what we see is they want, they're proposing $4 billion and it cuts over 10, 10 years, and we got a $2.25 trillion a year structural deficit that needs to be addressed.


And they're not really Addressing that. But how, but given that, how could you possibly get to Yes. Well, I continue to talk. I continue to work. See what we can find out. Thanks for your time. Here's a bunch of other MAGA republican congress members saying that they're not going to vote for this blueprint like Ralph Norman and Chip Roy and Thomas Massey and others here Play this clip, This budget. Are you a hard no on it? I've gotta see the proof. It's all about math. We got a, we got a arithmetic problem. Yeah, 4 billion versus two, three is a little bit of difference. That's what we're trying to do.


So You think the sentence plan just does not add up? Why didn't they put it in there? Show, give us some assurances. There's a lot of mistrust in that process right now. So we're trying to work through that right now with a bunch of members. I am a no on this bill As it stands.


Oh, you know, I had to do it. Mo four companies control over 80% of the US meat industry. China now controls the largest portion of US pork. These companies are using mobster like tactics to crush American family farms. And with the additives they're putting into our food, Americans are stuck with sketchy meat. So what can we do about it? Let me tell you about a company that's coming up swinging on behalf of American Family Farms and your family's food security. It's called mok. As I said at the beginning, Mok mok, the business is simple. Mos meat comes from animals raised outdoors where a pig is free to be a pig. Their farmers are given an honest day's, pay for an honest day's work, and they deliver meat straight to your doorstep at prices that you can actually afford. Born, raised, and harvested right here in the United States. Support American Family Farms and join the mok movement today at mok box.com/midas. Touch right now and get free wings for life. They're the best wings you'll ever taste for free, but for a limited time, here's how you spell it. M-O-I-N-K box.com/midas touch. That's moin box.com/midas touch.


Here was MAGA Republican Congress member Chip Roy on the house floor. Let's Play this clip. The Senate sent over a joke and we are going to capitulate to the Senate knowing full well that the Senate instructions carry the day. And we're gonna be sitting there in a reconciliation debate where we're going to end up on the short end of the stick, but worse, the American people are gonna end up on the short end of the stick because it absolutely increases deficits. No one can deny it. Anyone wants to get in a room and come debate me with a whiteboard. Show me the math. At some point, if you're in Congress, pass a math test because the Senate bill doesn't add up, it will destroy this country with more deficits and the inflation tax that is crippling the average American family.


I will not vote for the Senate bill. Now here was MAGA Mike Johnson also indicating that he was not going to do any sort of checks and balances as it relates to Trump's tariffs. And he was just gonna give Donald Trump carte blanche authority to do whatever he wants on tariffs. Here Play this clip, Mr. Speaker. Not sure yet, But Mr. Speaker, there's a push by some of your members to give Congress a say. If Don Macon has a bill to give Congress a say and review the tariffs, why not give Congress the opportunity to have it be a check Congress? Well, President Congress will weigh in on it, but with the president, with the administration in tandem, and I, I Think you gotta give the President the latitude, the, the, the runway to do what it is he was elected to do.


And that is get this economy going again and get our trade properly balanced with other countries. So I, I Think most the American people understand the necessity of that. Now, one of the, the, the language that was being inserted into this budget blueprint and this budget in order to give Donald Trump a full tariff authority, was to basically talk about Donald Trump's emergency power. Like Donald Trump's asserting special, like wartime emergency powers to do these tariffs. Because the power of Taring is quite literally the power of Congress, the House of Representatives and the Senate. But the MAGA republicans in the house and the Senate are letting Donald Trump just do this without the House and Senates oversight like it's a complete abdication of the co-equal branch of Congress by the MAGA Republican congress members.


And what they're doing in the budget is they put language that says that it won't count as a calendar day, any kind of discussion or debate over the tariffs so that it can't even be discussed during the next what, six, six to nine month period. Because they're not even saying discussion of tariffs constitutes a actual calendar date. Meanwhile, I mean the, the feud between these MAGA Republicans is, is growing as well. You have MAGA Republican congress member Stuby Stuby Stuby do says to MAGA, Mike Johnson, where are you?


He didn't say that. He said, I rebuke you in the name of Jesus maga, Mike Johnson, in the name of Jesus you are rebuked MAGA Mike Johnson. You know, it is interesting to to point out as well that in MAGA Mike Johnson's district, nearly 40% of the people in his district are on Medicaid, rely on Medicaid and the house budget basically totally guts Medicaid. And they're like, oh, it doesn't gut Medicaid. It does. They bury it in. Oh, we're just dealing with this specific committee. It's say goodbye to Medicaid under the house budget. What I do like though is the Democratic leader, Hakeem Jeffries calling MAGA Mike Johnson out.


He sent a letter saying, let's debate on the house floor MAGA Mike Johnson. I won't rebuke you in the name of Jesus. I'll just do a debate. Why don't we show the American people what we think about this, this way you can tell the American people how you want to go after Social Security and Medicaid and just justify it. Let's talk leader to leader. Let's do a debate. Of course, Maga Mike Johnson's too scared to do it. So democratic leader, Hakeem Jeffries took the floor yesterday and here's what he had to say. Play this clip and The Republican budget proposal that would enact the largest Medicaid cut in American history in order to pass massive tax breaks for your billionaire donors like Elon Musk.


Mr. Speaker, I'm ready to yield. I'm ready to debate one-on-one on this house floor. And I promise not to rebuke you in the name of Jesus here in America. We were told, we were told by Donald Trump and House Republicans that you are gonna lower the high cost of living for everyday Americans. In fact, we were told that you were gonna do it on day one and it hasn't happened.


Love that. Love that clip right there. And just to remind you, here's what Donald Trump was saying to the MAGA Republicans Tuesday night to try to force them to pass this budget blueprint on Wednesday, which they refuse to do. Here's Donald Trump the night before, play the clip Four years ago. If we follow through on this agenda, we will be rewarded with a phenomenal economy and a massive victory at the ballot box in 2026. Because we will have a record of triumph like no president has ever had, like no Congress has ever had. They will not be able to even touch your seat. Your seat is secure and we'll pick up 40, 50 or even 60 seats and we'll have something that's gonna be smooth sailing for years to come.


If we don't get it done because of stupidity or a couple of people that wanna show how great they are, you just have to laugh at 'em or smile at 'em or cry right in their face. And so a big defeat for MAGA Mike Johnson and Donald Trump. Now the MAGA Republicans have to bridge the Senate's blueprint, 4 billion in cuts, the House blueprint, 1.5 trillion. And that's where we're at. So we will see what happens right there. And then we're staring down issues regarding the debt ceiling and what's gonna happen there and will there eventually be a default? And and when will this whole bill go through the reconciliation process?


And again, this is the, this is supposed to be the easy part because they're just agreeing on blueprints. Like they're not even getting into the weeds yet of the numbers. This is supposed to be the easiest part 'cause it just BS blueprints basically. Then it gets to like the actual cuts in the weeds, but we're not even there yet. So things are gonna get crazy. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at storage. Dot midas touch.com.