
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify. They have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing, to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at shopify.com/special offer.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck G. PT, What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is knowledgeable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantisx X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, and you could be next with Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Manis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx dot com. That's Mantisx dot com.


Uhoh. It's not looking good for Republican Speaker of the House MAGA Mike Johnson, 13 House Republicans who voted in favor of the disastrous budget bill on Friday. They came out with a letter begging the Republicans in the Senate to basically remove a lot of provisions in the disastrous budget Bill and these house Republicans are basically saying, Hey, we need your help. This budget bill's a complete disaster. So we're leaning on you Senate Republicans to fix this disastrous budget. Bill, here's their letter right here. I wanna share with you what it said, but I want to show you maga Mike Johnson's response First and maga.


Mike Johnson's like, it's too late. We can't change it. We've gotten this far, there's nothing we can do. Here's maga. Mike Johnson saying that here, play this clip. I don't buy their numbers. We have other estimates. We worked on the bill for almost 14 months. You can't go back to the drawing board and we shouldn't. We have a great product to Deliver here. That's, he's just so utterly pathetic. All right, so here's the letter right here asking the Senate to help mitigate the damages that were caused by the House version. And this is by House Republicans. Here's what they say. Dear majority Leader Thune and Chairman Crapo as members of the House Republican Conference, we write to express our continued support of the common sense energy policy and to urge the Senate to substantively and strategically improve the clean energy tax credit provisions included in the house passed.


Reconciliation Bill HR one, the one big beautiful Bill Act while we were proud, isn't it just so stupid when I read that the one that's the dumbest thing ever. While we were proud to have worked to ensure that the bill did not include a full repeal of the clear of the clean energy tax credits, we remain deeply concerned by several provisions, including those which would abruptly terminate several credits just 60 days after enactment for projects that have not yet begun construction, a highly restrictive and onerous FEOC regime and restrictions to transferability this approach, jeopardizes ongoing development discourages long-term investment and could significantly delay or cancel energy infrastructure projects across the country.


So you mean you oppose the bill If that was in, like y'all realize you are Congress members, right? You are in the House of Representatives, so your plan was to pass just you. You are all seeing this, right? That's why I read these letters. These 13 Republicans are saying that they purposefully voted on a bill that would bankrupt their congressional districts so that they can then send it to the Senate so the Senate could try to fix their work that destroys their own constituents. That's what they're literally saying right here. They go on to say, since January over $14 billion in energy projects have been canceled or delayed with 4.5 billion scrapped in April alone.


Again, pause there. So former President Biden created jobs, right with the Inflation Reduction Act, the Infrastructure Act, the CHIPS Act, and other legislation. But since January, a lot of project projects in these Republican districts, democratic districts too, but in Republican districts have been canceled, causing their constituents to lose a lot of jobs. Hmm. What happened starting January, 2025? Oh wait, was that when Donald Trump was sworn in and he and Elon Musk and Doge started immediately stopping these contracts that former President Biden pushed forward.


You know, you, you, you read this and that's why you're like, this is an absolute death cult. Like these people are addicted to what Donald Trump tormenting and torturing them such that they sell out their own constituents and then privately write this letter begging the Senate for help. It's so bizarre. It goes on and says, without a clear signal from Congress, encouraging continued investment and offering business certainty as these provisions are phased out, project cancellations will continue to snowball without a clear signal from Congress. Your Congress, you are congress, you writing this letter. That's quite literally what your job is.


They go on to say, we respectfully urge the Senate to adopt the following refinements. You adopt it. Why don't you adopt it? That's you. Your job is what? Are you a constituent? Are you like a constituent of the Senator writing A Dear Senate letter? What are you doing? First, the foreign entity of concern, FEOC provisions are overly prescriptive and risk undermining US competitiveness, particularly against China by restricting advanced manufacturing and domestic energy production. These provisions should be revised with clear and streamlined requirements that also allow companies additional time to reorganize their supply chains, ensuring a strategic and successful transition.


Specifically, the Senate should work with impacted industries to ensure that these requirements are mechanically workable, thoughtfully designed, and offer certainty to critical sectors. Again, that's your job in Congress. Why didn't you do it in your bill? Obviously you all hate this bill, but you're voting on it 'cause it's called one big beautiful Bill and you're scared of Donald Trump. So whenever they say, oh, we love this bill, just point out this letter to if you have MAGA friends go, you realize that the Republicans wrote a letter after they passed this disastrous budget at like 2:00 AM to the Senate to fix their own disastrous budget.


Bill,


you're smart enough to know when something's not working, like when you can't focus at work or when you're dragging by 2:00 PM or when your stomach feels like it's fighting you after every meal. Well, here's the thing, these aren't random symptoms. Your gut impacts everything from your digestion to your brain function to your energy levels. That's why we love Just Thrive Probiotic. Unlike other brands that make big promises but fall apart in your stomach. Just thrive is the only probiotic clinically proven to arrive in your gut 100% alive For you, that means real results, like better digestion, healthy immunity, and more energy to tackle your day. But don't just take our word for it, try. Just Thrive probiotic for 90 days and see how much better you feel if you don't notice a difference. They'll refund every penny, even if the bottle's empty. Start your 90 day risk-free trial today@justthrivehealth.com and use promo code Midas to save 20% on your first bottle. That's just thrive health.com promo code Midas.


And it goes on to say second, the house passed. Bill again, these people are in the house who are writing this. The House Pass Bill includes a phase out schedule for credits that would cause significant disruption to projects under development and stop investments needed to win the Global Energy race to mitigate this issue. The current placed in service standards should be replaced with a commenced construction requirements to support the energy development needed to meet growing power, demand, and protect thousands of high quality American jobs and communities across the country due to ongoing permitting, permitting delays and factors often outside their control, businesses rarely can pinpoint exactly when their projects will be placed in service. The commenced construction definition included in HR 3 2 9 1.


The certainty for our Energy Future Act aims to give businesses flexibility when determining eligibility for the tax credits, providing the investment clarity and lead time required for energy project to succeed. Finally, the transferability of energy tax credit should remain available throughout the lifetime of the credit transferability, ensures affordable electricity for American families and provide certainty for developers enabling projects and nuclear manufacturing biofuels and critical minerals to move forward. Utilizing Transferability allows small and medium energy developers to harness private sector investment capital much more effectively enabling companies across the economy to invest in a broad spectrum of generation technologies and domestic manufacturing facilities.


Our position has always been that the energy tax code should be modernized in a way that promotes fiscal responsibility and business certainty fully realizing that balance requires improvements to the House Pass version of HR one, the one big beautiful Bill Act. We believe the Senate now has a critical opportunity to restore common sense and deliver a truly pro-energy growth final bill that protects taxpayers while also unleashing the potential of US energy producers, manufacturers, and workers. We appreciate your leadership and respectfully request your consideration of these necessary improvements to ensure America's energy future remains competitive, reliable, and secure. You would think that that was written by Democrats, right?


You would think that it's the Democrats who are criticizing that the Democrats are criticizing it, but the Republicans here are siding with a lot of the Democrat criticism or the Democrats criticism of the disastrous budget Bill. They were just too cowardly to do it when the budget bill passed the house. So now they're going around MAGA Mike's back and they're begging the Senate to do it, to bail them out so they don't get yelled at or tweeted at by Donald Trump. I mean, can you get any more pathetic than that? And the answer is yes. You can get more pathetic than that. Like here you have MAGA Mike Johnson yesterday going on Fox and saying, look, I've still been texting Elon.


I've been trying to tell him that this bill's gonna be beautiful and big. It's gonna be amazing. It's gonna be so great. Here's MAGA Mike saying this. Look, I like Elon, I respect him. I mean, we became friends in all this process. I've been texting with him even this week and and trying to make sure that he has accurate information about the bill. I think he's been misled about it. But, but look, we're, we're gonna make good on this. I I I, I like the president's attitude, you know, he is moving on. He has to, he's laser focused on delivering for the people and house and Senate Republicans are as well. So we've got our hand to the wheel And then you have Mag and Mike saying, you see the problem is Elon's relying on the liberal CBO analysis. The Congressional Budget office is not freaking liberal.


Get that through your skull. The CBO is led by a Republican and you MAGA Mike Johnson have frequently cited the CBO before when you were criticizing democratic legislation. But here's Mag Maga, Mike Johnson saying that. He says that it doesn't cut spending and it drives up the debt or the deficit. What do you say to that? Elon is relying on the liberal CBO analysis. Okay? What they're arguing is that if we extend existing tax cuts, it somehow adds to the deficit it is. That is not new spending. What we're doing is, is providing tax relief for the American people. Because if we didn't do this, Jesse, everybody now knows we'd have the largest tax increase in US history at the end of the year.


So what we're doing here is having a historic level of spending cuts. We're talking about about $1.6 trillion in spending. Jesse, there has never been any legislative body in the history of mankind that has cut that much spending. Now, is it enough? Look, I agree with our friend Elon, it's, we need to cut more spending, but you can't do it all overnight. So this is the first in a series of things that we are going to do to get the country back on fiscal trajectory, a sound fiscal standing. And the president promised that he believes in it. We believe in it and we're doing that right? And it starts with the big beautiful Bill. Now What is Elon Musk's response to all of this? What do you think Elon Musk's response to all of this? I will apologize profusely.


As soon as there is a full dump of the Epstein files, that is Elon Musk's response to that. And this is the state of the Republican party where the Republicans in the house are writing to the Republicans in the Senate to remove the provisions that they put in a disastrous budget bill in the house because they were threatened by Donald Trump. They are realizing, and they're saying in the letter, it's why I wanted to read for you the letter. Those are the Republicans in the letter, realizing that they will destroy America's energy future if their own provisions survive. So they're saying, Hey Senate, we need your help. Bail us out.


Bail us out. Isn't that the, isn't that ultimate cowardice? Don't try to think about this. Not as even from a Democrat, Republican lens, like just that pro. Doesn't that sound like what cowards do and dangerous ones? 'cause we're gonna be the victims. We're gonna be the ones hurt by this. What if the Senate says no, we're going with it. We we approve as is. So now they've all just agreed to just definitively bankrupt, but to bankrupt us, listen to their own language. Tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and thanks for watching. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100% USA Union made.