
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms. Apply


This MLB season. FanDuel S Dinger. Tuesday is back, And this year all customers get a profit boost to BET home runs every week. So gear up to go yard all season long on FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 Plus in President Select states opt in required bonus issued is non Withable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including any token expiration in max wager amount. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER


10 years from today. Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses. Lisa's taking now with A A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does and she can finally run with the big dogs. And the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes And you could be next With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself And ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


This is Speaker MAGA Mike Johnson's nightmare. A grenade has just been thrown at his disastrous budget bill and boom, it is all blowing up before his eyes. And Donald Trump is not gonna be very happy with you MAGA Mike Johnson because it's all falling apart on Thursday. A few things happened. Number one, Elizabeth McDonough, who's been the Senate parliamentarian since 2012, made a parliamentarian ruling that the current form of the Senate budget bill violates what's called the Bird Rule and thus would have to be brought to the normal procedure which would allow for a filibuster, which basically means that in its current form the budget bill could not survive.


I'll get into that development that could potentially totally kill the budget Bill. The Senate is now trying to figure out the MAGA Republicans in the Senate. They're trying to figure out a fix to that. Now on the house, you now have a revolt by the so-called moderate MAGA Republicans in the House who I don't believe are moderate at all. And one of the things that they're pissed off about is they feel that they've been tricked by MAGA Mike Johnson who promised them that they were gonna be able to deliver something for their constituents. And these are individuals who needed for their constituents an increase in the salt deduction from $10,000 to a $40,000 deduction.


The salt refers to state and local tax deduction and impacts a lot of the New York MAGA Republicans for example. And these salt backer MAGA Republicans as they're called their pissed because the Senate undid exactly what they believed they negotiated for in the house with MAGA mike. But MAGA Mike's plan was to trick these Republicans in the house and then allow the Senate to kind of gut what MAGA Mike promised to these MAGA Republicans in the house. So a lot of them are saying, well we're not gonna vote for this budget bill anymore. And also there was this other letter where 16 so-called moderate MAGA Republicans, which to me is an oxymoron.


There's no such thing as moderate MAGA Republicans. They've also sent a letter to Senator John Thune and to MAGA Mike Johnson. John Thune is the Senate majority leader. And in this letter from these 16 MAGA Republicans, they're saying, we're not going to support this budget bill based on the way the Senate has made additional cuts to Medicaid. This is far more than our constituents can handle and we've already attacked Medicaid in the house. You're even going further than what we did. Going to force more people off of Medicaid and we simply can't trick our constituents anymore because of what you are doing.


You're making it even more flagrant. But I don't think they've been able to trick their constituents at all because another piece of disastrous news for MAGA Mike Johnson is this brutal poll on this disastrous budget bill from Quinnipiac that just came out showing that now there's only 29% support for this 55% in opposition when it comes to the Republicans. Only two thirds of Republicans support this disastrous atrocity of a bill compared to 87% opposition from Democrats. I don't know who the 13% Democrats are who support this thing.


They must not know what it is. And there's also two thirds opposition from independence. So this is one big massive disaster for MAGA Mike Johnson. So Laura Weiss was the first to give us this breaking news this morning and she explained how the Senate parliamentarian Elizabeth McDonough struck a massive blow to Republicans Medicaid cuts per an announcement from the Senate budget Dems who were pushing these, this Senate parliamentarian to make this ruling. I know it's all pretty complicated on a Senate parliamentarian. What the hell's going on here, Ben? So the Senate parliamentarian was appointed back in 2012.


The Elizabeth McDonough is her name. She's someone who makes kind of procedural rulings to ensure that budget rules are conformed to she's someone who is well-respected by Democrats and Republicans. 'cause look, she's had this job now for 13 years. She's made rulings that have upset both, but everyone's always respected her rulings. And it's just on procedural issues about whether, for example, a reconciliation bill is truly a reconciliation bill. I'll try to explain this for you as well. 'cause I know it's gonna get complicated. So a reconciliation bill is a way to get around the filibuster, right?


If a bill requires a filibuster, if, if a bill allows for AF filibuster in order for it to pass, you have to get 60 votes to have what's called cloture. And then after cloture you can then vote on the bill. But the Democrats can filibuster a bill because Republicans don't have 60 seats. So you could only do this process of reconciliation when it comes to like spending and taxing and budgetary stuff. The moment you start to try to sneak in provisions that don't really relate to budgeting and taxation and all of these other things, then what the bird rule kicks in, which means the filibuster is activated.


And then you're gonna need to get cloture, you're gonna need to get more than the 60 votes. And you can't pass legislation through reconciliation, which just requires a simple majority. So Republicans are trying to pass this through reconciliation. So they have to go to the parliamentarian to approve that this meets the definition of reconciliation. And the parliamentarian's job, you know, has a few other jobs. But just to determine is this reconciliation or were you trying to sneak in other provisions? So the parliamentarian's like nah, you're trying to sneak in other provisions, especially as it relates to Medicaid. And the parliamentarian ruled that the GOP budget bill, that's now before the Senate is not compliant with the bird rule.


Meaning they, these provisions have to either be removed or you have to overrule the parliamentarian or fire the parliamentarian. That's not going to happen. And already magar Republican Senator John Thune and Magar Republican Senator Kennedy said that's not going to happen. So what were the areas that were not compliant with the bird rule? The provider tax crackdown. So one of the ways that the GOP in a very sinister, surreptitious and dastardly fashion tried to destroy Medicaid is they wanted to shift the burden of Medicaid away from the federal government onto the states.


And then once the burden was shifted onto the states, they wanted to then prohibit the states from taxing providers at certain percentages so the states could then raise the funds in order to support its Medicaid program that it now had to to shoulder the burden for. So the reality is the moment the Fed said they want the states to shoulder the burden for Medicaid, Medicaid's gonna die because states don't have the ability to fully fund Medicaid themselves. There's gotta be this cost sharing between federal and state and federal taking more of the cost sharing responsibility. But then when you prevent the states from taxing providers, the people who provide medical services and you severely limit that, that basically means you're destroying Medicaid.


Do you see how that works? Because then the states can't raise the funds that you've already put the burden on the states for. So the parliamentarian said that burden shifting to the state and then preventing though the states from having this provider tax that does not satisfy the bird rule, you need to remove it. So that kind of destroys the entire scheme that the MAGA Republicans wanted here.


Lemme tell you, I used to carry around one of those old school wallets. You know, the kind bulky leather falling apart at the seams stuffed with who knows what receipts from like, I don't know, 2012. It was a back pocket disaster and I think it was actually hurting my back. My Ridge wallet changed everything. It slim modern and built like a tank. It somehow sleek enough to slide right into my front pocket without a second thought. The Ridge holds up to 12 cards plus cash and minus made of this beautiful matte blue aluminum. Check that out. It's gorgeous. Plus you've got over 50 colors and styles to choose from made with premium materials like aluminum, titanium, and carbon fiber. I show mine off all the time and I've been getting tons of compliments. These things are built to last. In fact, ridgebacks it all with a lifetime warranty. So this is literally the last wallet you will ever need. Oh, and did I mention they have over 100,005 star reviews? And yes, it gives me a real peace of mind knowing it's got RFID blocking technology. So digital pickpockets, good luck, want more. They've got key cases, rings, even suitcases with that same clean, durable design. They even have a Ridge air tag attachment. So you can always find your Ridge before you start to panic for a limited time. Our listeners get 10% off at Ridge by using code Midas at checkout. Just head to Ridge dot com and use code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S and you're all set. After you purchase, they will ask about where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them. We sent you


Also provisions that were deemed noncompliant with the bird rule limiting federal funding for states that allow undocumented immigrants to get Medicaid additional limits on Medicaid, Medicare, and Affordable Care Act premium tax credits for immigrants who are in citizens. And so now you have other MAGA Republicans attacking the parliamentarian for doing this. Like Tommy Tuberville who calls himself coach Tommy Tuberville on his social media. He goes the woke Senate parliamentarian who was appointed by Harry Reed and advised Al Gore just struck down a provision banning illegals from stealing Medicaid from American citizens.


This is a perfect example of why Americans hate the swamp. Unelected bureaucrats think they know better than the US congressmen who are elected by the people. Her job is not to push a woke agenda. The Senate parliamentarian should be fired asap. But as you just saw, that's not really what the Senate parliamentary did. The big one here. The biggie was saying that the provider tax cracked down on states did not comply with the bird rule. Congress member MAGA Republican Congress member Greg Stuy. He says, how is it that an unelected swamp bureaucrat, it was appointed by Harry Reid over a decade ago, gets to decide what can and cannot go into Trump's one big beautiful Bill The Senate parliamentarian's not elected, she's not accountable to the American people yet she holds a veto power over the legislation by millions of voters.


Just a lot of whining from them. Now, MAGA Republican Senator Kennedy says that he thinks that tomorrow's of Senate vote on the disaster budget bill will be postponed on calls to get rid of the parliamentarian MAGA Republican. Senator Kennedy says, we all have respect for the parliamentarian. I think she's very fair and I don't think she should be fired, nor do I think she will be fired. Senate majority Leader Thune also says that they do not intend to overrule the parliamentarian as Manu Raju from CNN. He does a great job reporting on the hill. He says The Senate timing to move Trump's mega bill is now in total flux.


After the parliamentarian ruled a number of provisions, particularly the provider tax, don't meet the budget rules they need to follow to pass the bill with 51 votes per Republicans. They need to find alternative provisions and that takes time. Democratic Senator Dick Durbin says, the Senate parliamentarian dealt a below to Republicans attempts to slash Medicaid health funding in order to give tax breaks to billionaires. This is good news for rural hospitals and families who rely on Medicaid, but the fight is not over. Now you have this fight where a lot of MAGA Republican Congress members are saying that they want to see the parliamentarian fired.


All the MAGA influencers who basically say whatever Trump wants them to say, they're out there saying, fire the parliamentarian as well. MAGA Republican Senator Ron Johnson from Wisconsin says, look, there's gonna have to be more discussions now in the budget bill. If it takes a few more days, a few more weeks, that's not a problem. The fact that MAGA, Mike and Trump want this thing passed on July 4th, that's an arbitrary deadline that they're just not going to be able to meet. You have Lauren Bobert MAGA Republican saying that this sucks and that Congress sucks or something like this. Here's what she has to say. Play this clip because Everyone can agree Congress is broken.


This place sucks. You cannot run the House of Representatives like a business. Or you know, I, I guess if we did run it like a business, it would possibly succeed. But you can't run a business like Congress or it would ultimately fail, or you would need a government bailout from the taxpayers expense. That's what Lauren Bober has to say. Democratic Congress member and ranking member of the oversight Committee, Robert Garcia. Here's what he's gotta say. Let's play it and Let's get your reaction to the breaking news. A few moments ago, the Senate parliamentarian casting out much of the, the health provisions of some of the Medicaid cuts in the so-called big beautiful bill there in the Senate. Obviously, it's gonna have to get reworked. It's gonna eventually find its way back to the house.


Talk to us about the conversations you, your Democratic colleagues are having about this development. Well, I think the Senate's finding out we in in the House, Democrats already know this is a horrific bill. Much of it unconstitutional, a lot of it will not pass through the parliamentarian. And the Senate now is struggling with this idea that what this actual bill is trying to do is to rip away healthcare for 16 million Americans. It's trying to take away food assistance for low-income families across the country. And the parliamentarian is right to strip out these provisions and we're gonna see what the senate's gonna try to do. But at the end of the day, every American should know that this bill is all about taking away healthcare and then giving away a huge wealth transfer to the richest people in this country.


The only folks that are gonna benefit from this plan is billionaires and large corporations with the massive tax breaks that are gonna be in place. And so the senate's gonna have a hard time trying to defend and support a bill that is taking away healthcare. And the parliamentarian is Absolutely correct. And as I discussed before, and Laura Weiss reports how the house salt backers met again at the treasury in the morning to try to get a new offer from the Senate regarding the salt cap to try to raise the deduction that they believe they bargain for in the house to that $40,000 deduction limit. But the Senate doesn't seem to be moving at all right there, you know, and especially as we know that this disastrous budget bill is going to add trillions of dollars to the deficit.


Some expect even adding $20 trillion to the deficit, which was my initial projection, we're learning that US trade deficits are soaring. Remember how Donald Trump and Nagas all claimed that that Trump's tariffs against the world was gonna bring in so much money that we didn't have to worry at all about the deficits they were gonna run. 'cause it would be a perfect offset. In fact, as you may remember, Donald Trump said there, there's gonna, he's gonna eliminate the IRS, so there's no gonna be no taxes. Remember he said that there'll be no taxes, there will just be an external revenue service from all of the money China's gonna pay us.


Oh sure, Mexico's gonna build the wall. He's the biggest liar ever. Remember when he also promised Doge checks? He said you would get $5,000 from Doge. Again, they lie about everything the eCommerce department sent his bureau on Thursday reported that the international trade in goods increased about 11% in May as exports decrease while imports remain relatively unchanged. Again, a sign that Trump's tariff strategy has been a colossal failure. As Peter Schiff puts it, tariffs are not working. The US trade deficit in goods surge to 96.6 billion in May, up 11% from April and 6.5% above expectations. Most problematic was the 5.2% decline in exports.


Trump's goal to reduce trade deficits while expanding markets for US exports has utterly, utterly expire, utterly backfired. And you know, I'll just share this with you as well, because we were hearing from certain senators on the hill about a number of topics, including the disastrous budget Bill Tom Cotton, MAGA Republican senator from Arkansas. When he was asked about a number of topics, he's now saying that it was never a part of the United States mission to destroy all of the enriched uranium from Iran. That was never the mission when that's what Donald Trump said over and over again. Totally obliterated. Here, play this clip Fine, we'll stop and some explain the reason.


Do you have, do you Have some sense of where the enriched uranium is at this point? Does, has the intelligence community figured that out at this point? I don't have a comment on that. I will say it was not part of the mission to destroy all their enriched uranium or to seize it or anything else. Again, it's not A mission again. So more bad news from MAGA Mike. We'll keep you posted every step of the way, but it looks like this bill's blowing up in his face. Keep the pressure on. Keep the pressure on. That's why we hosted that press release yesterday as well. Go check our live feed with the three top Democrats in the budget committee where they talked about what's in this budget Bill. Let's not get distracted. Let's stay focused folks.


You see how unpopular this budget bill is, huh? Hit subscribe. Let's get to 6 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Can't get enough Midas, check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


I want the same expert advice you get from the pros in the store while shopping online at Discount Tire dot com. Meet treadwell, your personal online tire guide that matches you with the perfect tire for your vehicle. Get your best match in one minute or less with Treadwell by Discount Tire. Let's get you taken care of.