
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


Hey, besties, listen up. I have a secret to tell you. LinkedIn now has improved the job search experience for nurses. Search by your specialty, the shifts you wanna work and the salary that you wanna make. With so many employers hiring on LinkedIn, finding the perfect job is even more simplified. So don't spend months searching. Go to linkedin.com/nurses and find out why. In the past year more than 1.5 million nurses have used LinkedIn to search for their next role. That's linkedin.com/nurses.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen meals or dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Enterprise Mobility. From fleet management to flexible truck rentals to technology solutions. Enterprise Mobility helps businesses find the right mobility solutions so they can find new opportunities. Because if your business is on the road, they wanna make sure it's on the road to success. Enterprise mobility, moving you moves the world. Find your road@enterprisemobility.com.


Hey, let's talk about your expense report. I Didn't submit an expense Report. You will custom saddles and dog training services are not within policy. What are you Talking about? SAP Concur uses advanced AI to audit and automatically detect out of policy expenses. It's the breakthrough I needed to focus more on our future. These are my future expenses. Yes, and self-defense classes are outta policy. All Need self-defense classes. You will, for what? It's a big doc. SAP Concur helps your business move forward faster. Learn more@concur.com.


Mr. Speakers president over the ly, the press interview would not say he would uphold the constitution when it comes to food migrants. I'm wondering is the constitutional expert, I don't think exactly what he said. He said, I don't know. He was asked about Is the president, the President, expect to be an expert on all Supreme Court. I think he'll love all the constitutions. He's demonstrated that. That's maga Mike Johnson walking away from reporters. Maga Mike Johnson is once again in the hot seat. His job is on the line as there is massive infighting in the Mago Republican party. And that clip I just showed at the outset of his video, maga, Mike Johnson was asked why Donald Trump say that he doesn't know if he needs to follow the Constitution?


To which maga Mike said, you can't expect Donald Trump to know about all of those Supreme Court cases. I, I do. I do expect the President of the United States to know about Supreme Court cases, but more fundamentally MAGA Mike Johnson. I expect Donald Trump to know about the United States Constitution in a very basic concept we have here in the United States called due process. But that's not why Mag and Mike Johnson is on the hot seat. It's because he's trying to push through what Donald Trump is calling one big beautiful bill through a reconciliation process between the House of Representatives and the Senate. And as we've reported before, under the blueprint that was originally passed by the MAGA Republicans, which calls for, you know, in theory trillions of dollars in cuts.


Those cuts are coming from Medicaid. Those cuts are coming from education. Those cuts are coming from agriculture. Those cuts are coming from infrastructure while the billionaires are getting massive, massive tax cuts. You know, the Congressional Budget Office came out with a report today at the request of Democrats and the non-partisan Congressional budget office, let me repeat. Non-partisan CBO analysis of various Republican plans for Medicaid spending reveals that under every scenario laid out by the GOP millions would lose insurance. The GOP's plans would have a disproportionate impact on low income and elderly populations.


Literally millions of people would lose their healthcare because there's going to be $800 billion plus and cuts to Medicaid. How do we know it? Because we can read their one big beautiful bill and see it. But you see what's happening right now folks, is that the Magar Republicans are fighting each other because they are seeing, whoa, whoa, whoa. It's almost 2026. The midterms are getting closer. Could you believe that folks? Yes. Hang in there. It's the midterms before you know it are gonna be right around the corner. And these MAGA Republican Congress members are seeing Republicans get beat in seats during special elections. They're seeing supreme court races in states where Democrats have won big and they're saying, uhoh, are we next?


And the answer is yes. So they're saying you can't cut Medicaid, you know, MAGA Mike, because if you cut Medicaid, we're definitely gonna lose. Our best shot of staying in power is if you don't cut Medicaid. Let's take a look right here at this article from CNN House. GOP fighting turns ugly over Trump's big beautiful bill. That's what he's calling it. And he's making all the MAGA Republicans refer to it as the big beautiful bill because they're fascist toddlers. It says, Donald Trump's big beautiful bill is running into a wall in the sharply divided house Republican conference with tension spiking over MAGA Mike Johnson handling of the party's biggest sticking point, overhauling Medicaid as Johnson presses for a house vote before Memorial Day.


The battle lines are becoming more pronounced. The Republicans and swing districts are saying the sweeping bill can't slash social safety net benefits while GOP hardliners are saying, bye-bye Medicaid. We don't care if people die and get sick and they're demanding trillions of cuts. Many that would be in Medicaid. Those frustrations emerged in a two hour meeting in Johnson's leadership suite on Tuesday night, in which the speaker huddled with a roughly dozen GOP centrist. How do you, what's a GOP centrist today? But, okay, I'll, I'll bite. A GOP centrist who have refused to back any Medicaid changes that could hurt eligible Americans who rely on the program inside the room.


Johnson made one more attempt to sell those members on a contentious plan backed by the Hard Wright House Freedom Caucus and others to sharply reduce Medicaid payments to states that expanded the program under Obamacare. According to two people in the room, his push drew a rebuke from multiple centrist, there's no such thing as a centrist when it comes to Republicans, but okay, centrist in the room who believed that idea was already off the table. That people said, quote, we lay down the law. One Republican member who attended the meeting said of the firm position, many members took that they don't wanna shift the federal match, which was like 90 10 right now, and move it all to the state, which basically means based on certain trigger laws that states have, Medicaid would go away in most states under that plan.


Zero Medicaid. It would eliminate Medicaid for people. So if you're in Medicaid, that plan shifting it to the states is bye-bye to your Medicaid. Johnson and his leadership team insist in the end, the GOP members are gonna all work together and they're gonna make it all work. On the one hand you have Andrew Garbarino from a vulnerable seat in New York, MAGA Republican. He goes, I don't wanna be mean. And I think anytime a looks like we're actually hurting people, that's gonna piss off the American population. And if you piss them off, they're probably not gonna vote for you. Notice that he says looks, because if it didn't look that way, they'll be happy to be cruel and mean. They just don't know how to hide what they're doing right there.


And then you have all these MAGA Republicans like Chip Roy and others basically saying, bye-bye to your Medicaid. It needs to be cut. Let's take a look at MAGA Republican Speaker of the House, MAGA Mike Johnson over here. Here. You know, he's talking about the big beautiful bill and he's saying to this big beautiful bill, you know those little girls gotta say bye-bye to their dolls. Why? 'cause Donald Trump said that little girl shouldn't have dolls or pencils. They get one doll and they get five pencils because Donald Trump's regime does central planning. And they say that's what little girls deserve. Donald Trump and his family get to, what'd they make? $2.6 billion more in their crypto schemes and their resort deals with Qatar and Oman and Saudi Arabia and Abu Dhabi buying their, cruising their crypto coins.


But your daughter or granddaughter, how dare she have more than one doll? She gets one doll, five pencils and she's gonna pay more for it. You understand? That's what they're saying. And here Maggie, Mike Johnson says, we gotta do it. We gotta do that to the little girls. We gotta be the disruptors. We gotta disrupt the system and it's gonna cause you pain. But you voted for pain, right? Trump equals pain. That's what you voted for. Play this clip. The President said over the weekend that as a result of his tariff policy, some kids may have fewer dolls and two and three, you got 20 to 30 fewer pencils stores prices could go up. Is that the message that you wanna send to the American public? I, I didn't see the interview, but I'll just say that what I think what the president's trying to communicate is, as he mentioned with the tariff policy and with all the things that are happening, we had to disrupt the system and we're gonna have the desired results.


I mean, as you know, by some measures, more than a hundred countries now renegotiating trade agreements, which would be much more fair for the American people. And that is exactly what we were hoping and trying to achieve. What the president was trying to achieve with that tariff policy is more free and fair trade relations. And I think that will be the result. So whatever short term disruption there is or, or discomfort, I think I, what he's trying to say there, I think is that it will well pay off in the, in the long run. And I think that will happen sooner than many people anticipate. So we're, we're waiting to see, and, and we'll hold the line, but reconciliation is, is on track. And if anybody tells you otherwise they're not in the room with, alright, thanks Guys. Yeah. So that's the campaign they're running. The Trump causes you pain campaign.


Okay, no pun intended. Here's MAGA Republican chip Roy talking about gutting Medicaid. Let's play this clip. Look, We have an obligation to do what we said we would do. The president said we should get our deficits under control and balance the budget. He recognizes that me Medicaid needs to be reformed. He's said, so his, his, his office has put it out. We should deliver, we should deliver responsibly so we can deliver on the tax cuts, the growth that we need, but also the healthcare reform so that we're not leaving their vulnerable on the outside looking in and we're delivering deficit reduction for the American people rather than propping up a failed program. Yep. Republicans need to find the willingness to fight. Here is MAGA Republican Senator Ron Johnson from Wisconsin.


Here's, he's asked by Fox. So are we gonna get a tax bill before Memorial Day as MAGA Mike Johnson promises? And Ron Johnson from Wisconsin says, Nope, because of the stupid big beautiful bill thing. We could have got it done if we didn't do big beautiful bill, but now we have stupid big beautiful bill here play this clip. But The the tax bill, will we get it before memorial day? No. No, there's no way. Because again, unfortunately, president Trump chose the one big beautiful bill. What he should have done is the multiple step process. Mm. I suggested three steps, get the border funding. Second step, just extend current tax law. So we take an automatic tax, Will we get it before the end of the year quickly?


N not if we don't come down with a reasonable pre pandemic level spending, there's enough of us in the Senate that will not agree to that. Oh boy, that's bad news, Senator, thank you for that. Appreciate it. Have a good weekend. Appreciate you coming on you too.


Did you know that the liver is the second largest organ in your body? It's responsible for over 500 functions in your body, but for some reason, liver health doesn't always get the attention that it deserves. Dose for your liver was formulated to cleanse your liver of unwanted elements, aid, digestion, and maintain your body's filter. Why does this matter? Well, your liver is the second largest organ in your body and is responsible for over 500 functions in your body. It acts as your body's filter flushing out unwanted elements and breaking down what you consume into essential nutrients. The liver produces and regulates cholesterol stores vitamins and minerals and impacts digestive and metabolic health amongst many other things. Doses, science backed formula promotes liver function aids, digestion, eases bloating and even boosts energy levels. Clinical results in a doubleblind placebo controlled clinical trial dose for your liver, lower liver enzyme levels by 50%. And over 86% of participants stick with dose and feel the incredible benefits over time with more energy, better digestion, reduce bloating, healthier liver enzyme function, reduction of brain fog, and better sleep. One dose for your liver shot is equivalent to 17 shots of turmeric. Juice dose is gluten-free, dairy-free, sugar-free and vegan. Save 30% on your first month of subscription by going to dosedaily dot co slash Midas Plus or entering Midas Plus at checkout. That's D-O-S-E-D-A-I-L-Y do co slash Midas Plus for 30% off your first month's subscription.


Now, Magar Republican who pretends he's not magar Republican, Mike Lawler from New York. He or he's asked on Fox business, are you good with the MAGA plan that they're talking about to shift Medicaid to the states? And MAGA Republican Mike Lawler, who pretends not to be MAGA goes, hell no. Hell no. 'cause he's trying to pretend that he's not that maga, but he's very maga play this clip. Austin Scott was with me yesterday. He mentioned about changes to Medicaid and how that could be a part of budget negotiations. Basically pulling away federal funding from Medicaid programs, meaning that a state like New York would have to pay more for Medicaid and that the federal government would pay less.


Do you have a position on that before you go? Hell no. New York is a donor state. We pay more into the federal government than we get back. I'm adamantly opposed to changing the FMAP floor from 50% federal share to 45% federal share. That will be a hard no. Here's maga, Republican GOP conference chair Lisa McClain from Michigan here. She's like, yeah, it's getting messy, but that's DC for you. We're getting messy. We're getting messy here. Play this clip. It's Gonna get messy, right? It's not gonna be perfect as you're seeing and and everybody's doing what they need to do, which is represent their district, right? But at the end of the day, we'll all come together and we'll end up passing the one big beautiful bill.


Our market's gonna happen next week. They're still scheduled to happen. So I think we're making progress, right? And don't, don't let the, the, the disagreement and the debate get us too far off track, right? Is there's gonna be disagreement, there's gonna be disobey debate. But right now the markups are still scheduled. I, you know, I think they're still gonna happen. But, you know, anything can change. It's DC Is the timeline slipping? Is the timeline slipping from over? The timeline is not slipping If the, if we have the markups next week, I mean, it's a tight timeline, no question. So as long as the markups happen next week, we can still do the 31st, you know, memorial day of deadline.


But we just gotta get to work and keep working and keep talking and talking is progress in my opinion. So you're getting messy. Look, y'all haven't passed a budget now in what, what has it been four years since you've passed and you didn't pass the budget. You've been doing continuing resolution CRS from Nancy Pelosi's, like, like budget from 2021 or 2022. Y'all haven't been able to pass a budget. Your most basic task. So here you are trying to do it. You're calling it one big beautiful bill and while you're doing it, you're crushing the economy. You're causing a lot of pain and suffering. But Trump don't care.


Trump's selling meme coins where only 57 wallets. 57 like people who bought Trump meme coins made money. 747,000 lost money. Well, what do you know another Trump scam chairman of the Federal Reserve, Jerome Powell announced yesterday, if tariffs are not reduced, we should expect higher inflation and lower employment. And he did not lower interest rates as a result. What else are we learning? The US is pushing nations facing tariffs to approve Elon Musk's starlink is what the intelligence cables are showing. Some countries are being told, if you don't get Elon Starlink, you're gonna get hurt economically.


So I guess that's what it's all about. According to Goldman Sachs, inflation is about to imminent. Goldman Sachs is, has had conservative financial models airing on the side of bullish over bearish, and now Goldman's getting very bearish. According to Goldman Sachs. Inflation is about to imminently take off and not stop accelerating until ju June, 2026. Lots more inflation. So that's what you've got MAGA Mike, one big beautiful mess that y'all created for we the people. So we'll check back in maga mike, if you lose your job, if you lose, if you lose your jobs. So notice, punch the mic. Thank you for watching. Hit subscribe.


Let's get to 5 million subscribers. New Midas Merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot Midas Touch dot com.