
Running a business comes with a lot of what ifs, but luckily there's a simple answer to them. Shopify. It's the commerce platform behind millions of businesses, including Thrive Cosmetics and Momofuku. And it'll help you with everything you need. From website design and marketing to boosting sales and expanding operations, Shopify can get the job done and make your dream a reality. Turn those what ifs into sign up for your $1 per month trial at shopify.com/special offer.


Home means something different to everyone, but with Rocket Mortgage Home can mean even more. It can mean a college education taming your high interest debt. Even a renovation, we've made it easier than ever to use your home equity. That home you work so hard for now, it can work hard for you. Call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com to find out more. Rocket Mortgage LC licensed in all 50 states and MLS consumer access.org Number 30 30.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G. PT, What do You know? All sorts Of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This podcast is supported by Progressive, a leader in RV insurance. RVs are for sharing adventures with family, friends, and even your pets. So if you bring your cats and dogs along for the ride, you'll want progressive RV insurance. They protect your cats and dogs like family by offering up to $1,000 in optional coverage for vet bills in case of an RV accident, making it a great companion for the responsible pet owner who loves to travel, see progressives other benefits and more when you quote RV insurance@progressive.com Today, progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Pet injury is an additional coverage and subject to policy terms.


And you Brutus Yeah, MAGA Mike Johnson. You just got stabbed in the back by Elon Musk, who you thought was your friend. My friend Elon Musk. We partied together at the UFC fights. Uhuh. Elon Musk doesn't like you. Elon Musk isn't returning your phone calls anymore. Elon Musk says that he's going to run primary challenges against any MAGA Republican Congress member who votes for the disastrous budget. Bill. Elon Musk says that the budget bill MAGA mike is a total abomination and that it needs to be killed immediately. Elon Musk keeps posting kill the bill, but I thought MAGA Mike Johnson, you said that Elon Musk had the, the genius algorithms and the ai and it figured out ways to make this bill so big and beautiful.


What happened? He hates the Bill Maga Mike Johnson. Yep. So MAGA Mike Johnson, the speaker of the house, he thought he was close to the end zone. He thought he was gonna deliver the touchdown for Donald Trump, a disastrous budget bill, which I refer to as the murder bill, which would literally kill tens of millions of Americans. Take 11 million Americans or so off of healthcare, give the billionaires trillions of dollars in tax cuts, steal food from the mouths of low income people, get rid of supplemental nutrition assistance programs, buy, buy food stamps, make more people unhoused by removing rental assistance in section eight housing, taking away women's reproductive rights.


You know, all the things that the MAGA Republicans love in their death cult and all of the suffering. But you see for Elon Musk, the problem is because of the increase in the deficit, Elon Musk, I think, actually wants more cruelty in this budget bill, and you ain't giving it to Elon Musk, maga, Mike Johnson. So Elon Musk came out strong against the budget bill. He's saying kill the bill. Elon Musk has been posting all of the comment sections from Fox with people saying that they feel betrayed by maga Mike Johnson and Donald Trump about how abysmal this budget bill is. And Mike Johnson says that Elon Musk is ghosting him.


Elon Musk won't return his call. Watch maga. Mike Johnson's disastrous press conference. Let's play this clip. Mention that You talked to Elon on Monday. He made this 180. What do you think changed? Why do you think he's coming out against this now and have you spoken to the president and Elon since the infamous plea? Well, I'll tell you, I called Elon last night and he didn't answer, but I hope to talk to him today. I mean, it's not, you know, it's very friendly and, and we can, and we've laughed about our, our differences on policy before. I'm, I'm not upset about this and I, I, I just, I think he understands and, and he's acknowledged to me before that this is so serious that we can't fool around with it. I mean, the, the debt cliff is approaching very quickly, right?


All the things that are in this bill are so important for the US economy. It's gonna be jet fuel for the US economy. All boats are gonna rise. And the sooner we do that, the better. And, and the risk of not getting it done is enormous. Not just for the Republican party, but for the country. We gotta do this. We're gonna have the largest tax increase in US history at the end of the year if we fail and, and all the other calamities that we've talked about. So we've gotta get it done. And, and I think Elon understands the weight of that, and I hope he comes around. I'd love to talk to him this week and I hope he calls 'em back today. And then Maga, Mike Johnson says that he thinks that Elon Musk is just flat wrong here, play this clip. And then yesterday, you know, 24 hours later he does a 180 and he comes out and opposed the bill. And I, it surprised me, frankly, and I don't take it personal, we don't take it personal.


You know, he's, policy differences are not personal. I I think he's, he's flat wrong. I think he's, he's way off on this. And I've told him as much, and, and I've said it publicly and privately, I'm very consistent in that. But am I concerned about effectiveness on the midterms? I'm not. Lemme tell you why, because when the big beautiful bill is done and signed in a law, every single American is gonna do better. This bill is geared for middle and working class Americans, and they are going to feel the effects of it, and they're gonna feel it before the midterm election. So I have no concern whatsoever. I'm absolutely convinced that we're gonna win the midterms and grow the house majority because we're delivering for the American people and fulfilling our campaign promises. And we'll see how that happens. Megan, Mike Johnson also says that he speaks to Elon.


He speaks to Donald Trump multiple times a day. He used to speak to Elon Musk multiple times a day and he goes, Donald Trump is not delighted. He's not. Donald Trump's been like hiding since last Friday where he went to the US Steel factory in Pittsburgh and lied to the steel workers that neon steel was not acquiring them when they clearly were. But here's, here's the MAGA Mike Johnson thing. I talked to Donald Trump multiple times a day here, play this clip, Calls him back today. I've talked to, I talked to President Trump, you know, all the time, multiple times a day. Obviously we've talked about this. He's, as, as you know, he's not, he's not delighted that Elon did a 180 on that.


But look, I don't know what happened in 24 hours. I everybody can draw their own conclusions about that. Okay? But I look forward to talking to my friend about it again and, and I'm not upset about it. All right? Yeah. Olivia And you Brutus and you Brutus too. Even Steve Bannon has come out against this budget Bill and Steve Bannon says, look, if you wanna reduce the debt significantly, you gotta tax the rich. You gotta tax the wealthy. And I can't believe, am I really saying this, that I agree with Steve Bannon here, that you do need to tax the rich. Even a broken clock is right twice. Here play this clip. I wanna stop the dead bomb Elon and the guys on Capitol Hill.


You're going to have to raise taxes. The, the wealthy can't get an extension of the tax cut that's gotta go the middle class and the working class that has to be extended and has to be made permanent at 40% of the top racket, or 40%, you pick 'em, that's got to go to 39, go back to 30, snap back to 39.5% or go to 40%. The math simply doesn't work. Here's MAGA Republican Senator Rand Paul. Here's what he's gotta say. Play this clip. President Trump tried, did Kentucky Republican Rand Paul today for opposing the bill senator. He says that you don't understand the bill and that you love to vote.


No. Well, I would say that's not actually true. I would say that I've been pretty consistent in my time in, in the Senate at being opposed to deficit spending. Here's, here's what MAGA Republican Congress member Ralph Norman has to say, play this clip, putting GOP supporters on the defensive. He says, you, you're basically saddling this country with unsustainable debt. Well, he's right. The debt is unsustainable after the House


summer is here, and so are the mosquitoes. I don't know about you, but there's nothing worse than finally lying down for the night only to hear that high-pitched buzz near your ear or waking up with bites and no clue where the little culprit went. And if you've got kids or pets, forget about it. You're on constant mosquito patrol. In a world where AI drives cars and automates homes, we still struggle to track down a single mosquito that changes. Right now with Bgo Iris, the first AI powered mosquito detector revolutionizing pests control Bgo. Iris is a cutting edge device that uses computer vision and AI to detect, track and pinpoint mosquitoes in real time. No more swatting at thin air, just precision targeting. It. Scans 24 7, works in total darkness and even sends alerts straight to your phone. It's chemical free, eco-friendly, and perfect for travel too. Parrot with the bgo swatter and your covered day or night stop losing sleep over mosquitoes. Take back your nights with bgo. Go to bgo.com/discount/midas and save 10% off. That's BZI g.com/discount/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. And use that code Midas to get 10% off. And now as part of the June and summer sale, you'll also get 30% off your second Iris. Say goodbye to itchy bites and sleepless nights. Thank you Bgo for sponsoring this episode.


And here's maga republican senator from Louisiana, John Kennedy, who has a fake voice that he does where he's like, well, that Medallia, and that's not accurate. If you go back and watch this guy speak before, he's like made up a fake voice. It's so weird. Here, play this clip. He's frustrated. I think he believes in my judgment correctly, that were quickly becoming debt slaves that Congress needs to, to relearn the magical healing power of no. And I agree with it. Having said that, I'm not ready to throw in the towel in this bill. And guess what, everybody Magar Republican James Comer.


I'm James Comer. James comer's very upset about this. It wasn't helpful at Elon Musk. I'm James Comer here, play this clip. I wanna support President Trump and his agenda, the big beautiful bill is that, so it's, it's disappointing that Elon Musk said what he said, it wasn't helpful, but at the end of the day, I don't think it's gonna sway very much influence. We're focused on pricing President Trump's agenda, and I, I, I'm confident there are enough senators that will pass that bill outta the Senate and hopefully we can agree to, to the changes that they make in the Senate and, and get President Trump his, his first major legislative victory of his second term. Alright, Mr. Ch, take a look at this great line of questioning by Democratic Congress Member Garcia of maga, Republican Congress member Turner play this clip.


Mr. Turner, you're one of our witnesses today, an expert on economics and a bunch of other things, not economics. Mr. Turner, you were invited to testify as an expert on government spending. This is your post. Is, is this correct? Did you post this, sir? Yes, sir. Okay. You called Social Security a Ponzi scheme. A Hundred percent. Which we know Elon Musk has also done. I'm glad you admitted it. Social Security is a government sponsored Ponzi scheme, as, as you said. Now I What about the second part though, sir? I should be able to keep a hundred percent of my You can read The, you could read the whole Thing. It's right up here. And now watch Government wasted giving $9 billion. Thank you, sir. Giving $9 billion to climate groups My time. Madam Chairwoman. Thank you. Thank you, sir. A Ponzi scheme.


And so I think it's interesting of course, that as one of our Republican witnesses is calling Social security a Ponzi scheme. And that's a person that we should be taking advice from here today without Social Security, 22 million people would be pushed into poverty. That includes over 16 million seniors and nearly 1 million children. And in fact, Elon Musk has also said, and agreed with you, sir, that this is a Ponzi scheme. I think it's ironic that you are one of our witnesses talking about efficiency. When you, you wanna attack the single best program that we have to support people, not just outta poverty, but across this country, to uplift them, to ensure they can afford a decent life. We on this committee, need to work every single day, not just to protect social security, but to hold Republicans accountable for attacking Medicare, Medicaid, for attacking social security and the programs that we all depend on.


And with that, I yield back, thank you. And Jessica Tarlob is getting in on the action. He says, she goes pro-democracy hero over at Fox. She goes, Steve Bannon a huge supporter of Donald Trump, feels the same way as Musk play this clip. That's what matters. And Steve Bannon a huge supporter of President Trump, feels the same as Elon Musk does about it. He says, you're going to have to raise taxes. And the Republicans have a new talking point. Mike Johnson was doing this on the Sunday shows. Latinx tried at best since try, where they say, oh, the CBO o it's a democratic organization. It's run by a bush appointee who's only ever donated once to a candidate. And it was a Republican in 2014, but the CBO o was fine in 2018 and 2019 when their projections were 99.9, 99.5% accurate grading Trump's bill.


But because it's, But, but just, Scott, let's just be honest. I've worked, I worked on Capitol Hill starting in 1996. You can do the math, okay? Ever since then, anybody who is president and has doesn't have a con. They hate the, they hate the CBO and Biden Biden, but it's, they hated the CBO then. But The point is that it's Accurate. I'm just Saying, like, and they're saying that it's a lie. I I actually don't think that it's correct to say that it's accurate. I think that it is complicated and complex and difficult, and you can argue it in all these different ways. You can get different people to use different numbers. But the Biden people hated CBO and now the Trump people hates you. It's like it always. So now with maga, Mike Johnson and Donald Trump's feelings all hurt. You know, they gotta come up with their distraction, right?


They gotta come up with their distraction. So here you have Dan Bonino going on Fox, and rather than them devoting the time to talking about Elon Musk trying to tank this disastrous budget bill, what do they spend their time on? Dan Bonino says, damn right, we're focusing on the COVID origins. Damn right. That's what we're focused on here. Play this clip. Let me ask you about, and again, a lightning round, let's go quickly. COVID origins, are we gonna find out information that the government lied to us? Damn right. You are. We're all over that. I, the minute I got in there in that job, I said, Hey, get everybody. The purposely lied to the American people. They purposely, You're gonna find out.


Yeah, listen, that's the one I'm the most optimistic about. I was pretty clear on my social media account that I, I ordered a that case immediately to be looked into. Again, we have a great investigator on it and I think, I think we should see action on that one shortly Then you had Magar Republic in Congress, member Crane, and he was all upset. He's like, why didn't Elon Musk come out earlier? We would've wished that he would've told us he didn't like this bill any earlier here, play this clip. Why wasn't he talking about this before the bill? Right? And that's what frustrates me. Hey, if you're gonna be in this fight, be in this fight when we need you because we needed him. Musk Waited. And finally here we have Jessica Tarla saying, we've got the congressional budget office scoring came out.


We know what's gonna be added to the deficit here. We're talking about at least 2.4 trillion added to the deficit. We're talking about 16 million Medicaid cuts. We're talking about Obamacare credit tax cuts. We're talking about Medicare on the chopping blocks, Medicaid and Medicare. Watch this clip. Not a ton, but I know that I have to, to some degree. I, I mean, I'm a pretty happy Democrat. You Are, but that's because you're around us. That's right. Oh, it's my conservative lift that I get every day. Yes. It's to 6:00 PM We keep you real glass half full. We keep you real. You don't drift off into some far left loony bin. I mean sometimes, but no one is in love with Elon Musk.


Like politics is a game. And JD Vance didn't like Donald Trump a whole lot. Right? Said America's Hitler now he's the vice president. Marco Rubio has all the other jobs in the government and he hated Donald Trump. Ted Cruz has forgiven him for saying that his wife is super ugly and saying that his dad was a murderer, right? Yeah. Didn't say that back Ted Cruz. Anyway, he was only half, right. So where it's, but you're saying Trump, so for this particular, in this particular moment, we have something in common with Elon Musk. We should definitely leverage it. That's what's important. But I do think that republicans, including my dear colleagues here at the table, would prefer that we were talking about Elon Musk versus the brass tack of the bill itself.


So the final CBO scoring came out today, oh boy. 2.4 trillion. Yeah. Oh boy. 2.4 trillion to the deficit. 3.7 trillion in tax cuts, 16 million all in total between Medicaid cuts and Obamacare credit tax cuts going off their health insurance. That's what matters. And Steve, So oh, MAGA Mike Johnson, I'm sorry. Maga Mike, I'm sorry, MAGA mike. But what a disastrous vis is in all kinds, right? This bill is, is actually, is an abomination. Not for the reasons that Elon Musk doesn't like it, although I think that we should reign in the deficit. But to me it's easy. You know how you reign in the deficit. You tax the billionaires more. You do.


I first off, they should be paying at the very least the same percentage of their income as everybody else. They shouldn't be paying less, but I think they should be taxed at a higher rate. I think after XX, hundreds of mil after X millions of dollars, then hundreds of millions of dollars, then billions of dollars. Yeah. I I, I think you get taxed more. I I, I think you get, look, RO Kana, democratic Congress member from Silicon Valley. He represents Silicon Valley. Way more billionaires in his district than everywhere. He says, tax the rich tax. My constituents more, they won't feel it, tax 'em more. And if they, and if they are fear, if they do feel it, if they're too greedy, whatever, then to go to another country, you wanna live in the United States.


You get all of these incredible benefits and you think you want tax cuts. So you can buy five extra private jets instead of one extra private jets. Now f that tax the rich. Give people free healthcare, give people free education. That's a right in my view, healthcare education treat people with dignity and equality. People shouldn't be living paycheck to paycheck. It's ridiculous. People should have affordable housing. That's what we should be focused on, not disastrous budget bills that rip apart government services and take money and take lunch out of the mouths of children.


Well hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers, you Midas mech drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Job midas touch.com.