
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock, save up to 40% in your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply


Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season, and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request. An all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc license 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


How about listening to the Sounds of Istanbul? Beautiful, isn't it? But you can't discover the coolest city in the world just by listening. Check istanbul dot go turkey.com now and plan your Istanbul trip today.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now, and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today.


Some unexpected news has MAGA Mike Johnson. Very panicked right now that his majority in the House of Representatives appears to be fading away. Democrats getting some surprising wins in California's 45th, California's 13th and California's 27th. Now, some of those races have not been officially called yet, but we're seeing the writing on the walls. For example, you take a look right here in California's 45th where it appears the Republican incumbent Michelle Steele is conceding her race over here to Derek Tran.


Here's what she's posting. From the moment I came to the United States, I knew that giving back to the country that welcomed me with open arms would be part of my future. So what this means is that with Donald Trump's cabinet picks people like Elise Stefanik Trump at first picking Matt Gaetz, who then withdrew his name after the old child sex trafficking allegations resurfaced again. It means the Republican majority is very, very slim, and until some special elections are held, we're talking about what two 20 to two 15 I mean. We're talking about one or two members not being there and the house could flip.


So take a look right here. Enough already. Mike Johnson is panicked as Republicans may only have a one seat house majority ABC's reporting. Trump said to take office with a razor thin house majority, and Adam Carlson explains, look, amidst the litany of inevitable horrors, we will surely be undergoing as a nation. It's going to be extremely fun to watch Mike Johnson try to navigate here. Get this a two 17 to two 15 majority, which assuming full attendance means he can afford zero defections on any vote for the first few months of 2025.


I misspoke a little bit earlier when I said two 20 to two 15. That's actually two 17 to two 15 until those special elections are filled. And here's the news that the Democrats got lately. We talked about this before, but it's worth repeating again here right now, that Derek Tran appears to be completely on his way to flipping California's 45th Congressional District in the Orange County, LA area. He's already said he's won. He's already given a victory speech and he is declared victory there. And we saw Michelle I mean we're talking about 800 votes here or there that are deciding these elections.


You then have in California's 27th Congressional District, George Whiteside, the NASA Executive Ousting, the Mago Republican extremist representative Mike Garcia. That was a big flip, especially for those of us who live in Los Angeles. Mike Garcia in that seat was a stain on Los Angeles. And then the big one, which hit with a boom on Monday. It was California's 13th congressional district where the incumbent John Duarte was leading. And we were talking about an election within the, within the hundreds and, and many expected Duarte, the MAGA Republican was going to win, but then a bunch of votes came down from Merced.


We were waiting then to get some additional votes from Stanis loss. But when those votes came in, they showed Adam Gray, the Democrat Challenger, pulling ahead at margins that beat the kind of prior dumps that were coming in. And it was a first, he took 105 vote lead and he started increasing that lead. And it was a big, big deal because again, I think maga Mike was hoping that he would have a much bigger majority, even at 2 22 15, it would still be slim. But now we're talking about two 17 to two 15 as Aaron Parnas from the Midas Touch Network rights, if Adam Gray wins in California's 13th, which we expect him now to do, Republicans are gonna have a 220 to 215 house majority that will turn into a two 17 to two 15 house majority until these special elections take place.


And look, I know the Mara Republicans have a big agenda that they're looking to implement right here, like Maga Mike Johnson looking under the stalls of the women's restrooms to ensure that the private parts are to his liking. This is a interesting cartoon. We're just making sure there are no weirdos in the woman's bathroom, says Mike Johnson as he's looking up there with a mirror, you know, also should be noted that MAGA Mike is being aided by the co-president of the United States. Elon Musk, who's launched a fake agency called the Doge Agency.


Marjorie Taylor Greene will be the one leading the Doge efforts in the House of Representatives. And here's what you've got. Elon Musk, the co-president, again, issuing edicts like this. Vidman referring to now Congress member Vidman is on the payroll of Ukrainian oligarchs and has committed treason against the United States for which he will pay the appropriate penalty. Seems like a death threat to me. And again, now this is coming from somebody who is part of a quasi-governmental agency. You know, statements like that right now. You know, in my view, given the linkage to the government, I think one should come under more scrutiny.


One, because they appear, in my opinion, to be death threats. But on the other hand, now, this is the government making threats against citizens of the United States.


Your sex life is important, but your schedule is busy. You don't have the time to go to a doctor's office to get treated for Ed through Hims. You can get personalized ed treatment without stepping foot outside of your door. Hims is changing men's healthcare by providing you with the access to affordable sexual health treatments from the comfort of your couch. Hims provides access to a range of doctor trusted ed treatments like Chewable Hard Mints and Viagra and Cialis, and they're generics for up to 95% cheaper. The process is 100% online, so there's no need for uncomfortable doctor visits. Just answer a series of questions on their site, and a medical provider will determine the right treatment options for you if prescribed. Your medication ships directly to you in discrete packaging for free. No insurance is needed, and one low price covers everything from treatments to ongoing care with hundreds of thousands of trusted subscribers. Hims can help you find the ED option that works best for you. So start your free online visit today at Hims dot com slash midas. That's h ims.com/m E-I-D-A-S for your personalized ed treatment options Hims dot com slash midas. Look, the products mentioned are chewable compounded products, which are not approved by our verified or safety or effectiveness by the fda. Prescriptions require an online consultation with a healthcare provider will determine if appropriate restrictions apply. See website for details and important safety information. Subscription required price varies based on product and subscription plan.


Then here over here we've got MAGA Mike Johnson over here begging Donald Trump. Can you please stop nominating Republican members of Congress to your cabinet? I, I'm losing my majority here. Watch MAGA Mike right here, here, play the Clip please. But I've told President Trump enough already. You gotta gimme some relief. I gotta maintain this majority. Now, one Of the other big priorities of MAGA Mike Johnson is going to be to repeal the Affordable Care Act repeal Obamacare Mag and Mike. Johnson said that before here, play this clip. There's a lot of talk I mean healthcare reform's gonna be a big part of the agenda. We, when I say we're gonna have a very aggressive verse hundred days agenda, we got a lot of things though on the table.


But healthcare, it's secret. That's part, it's the secret, it's the Secret Healthcare Forum. Not a secret. There's some, there's some really important ideas on the table. And we have a, a docs cau the physicians who serve in the house and they've got a menu of options about this thick And, I. Think this is part of it because if you take government bureaucrats out of the healthcare equation and you have doctor patient relationship, it's better for everybody. More efficient, more effective. That's the free market. Trump's gonna be for the free market. You heard a little sample of that last night. We wanna take a blow torch to the regulatory state. Okay? I mean these agencies weaponized against the people. And it's, it's, it's crushing the free market. It's like a boot on the neck of job creators and entrepreneurs and risk takers.


And so healthcare is one of the sectors, but we need this across the board. And Trump's gonna go big. I mean he's only gonna have one more term, right? Can't run for reelection, right? And so he's gonna be thinking about legacy and we're gonna, we're gonna fix all these things. No, no Obamacare, no world problem. Heard of it. Yeah, the ACA is so deeply ingrained. We need massive reform to make this work. And we got a lot of ideas on how to do that. I think it was worth pointing this out as well as the Midas touch reported Midas Touch network reported. So Caitlyn Jenner says that Mar-a-Lago, she's able to use the women's restroom there. There's no rules banning her from the women's restroom, but they have the ban of course, of the one transgender congresswoman Sarah McBride in the House of Representatives.


Just to, again, to show you Maga Mike's kind of inability to maneuver with very slim majorities. Remember before where he miscounted the votes that he had and then he failed in an impeachment effort of the Homeland Security Director Mayorkas, here play this clip. Impeachment I mean what happened yesterday with the vote on Secretary Mayorkas? Why bring that to the floor if you didn't have the votes? And will you hold another vote to Impeachment? Yeah, on impeachment last night was a setback, but democracy is messy. We live in a time of divided government. We have a razor thin margin here, and every vote counts sometimes when you're counting votes and people show up when they're not expected to be in the building, and it changes the equation.


But listen, we have a duty and a responsibility to take care of this issue. We have to hold the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security accountable. Mayorca needs to be held accountable. The Biden administration needs to be held accountable. And we will pass those articles of impeachment. We'll, we'll do it on next round, Mr. VIIA. And at that time, I couldn't help but reflect on the irony that with respect to Homeland Security Director Mayorkas, one of the things that President Biden was trying to do with a bipartisan border deal was to give the border patrol 14 billion additional dollars. But Maga mike and the GOP killed that bill for Donald Trump. Here play this Clip, Bernie, we don't know what's happening to them on the way.


Yeah, this is a humanitarian crisis. We walk through the centers today, Jake, it would, it would make the average American citizen cry to see what's happening here. Right? And it must stop, right? Which is why some people are saying why not pass the $14 billion supplemental bill that that President Biden has put before you to at least try to help with some of these issues that, That won't solve, Won't solve any Of the problems I just articulated. Won't do a darn thing. Well, I I'm sure the people in the border patrol agents that, that you're with think it might do something, at least in terms of making their job a little easier for the next month or so. No, No, actually They don't. They don't, they don't want the $14 billion No, no. I, I just quoted to you the deputy chief of the US Border Patrol and he said he doesn't need more buckets. In other words, he doesn't need more personnel to handle the flow.


He needs to turn the flow off. That's what we're talking about. This is not about sending more money down here. It's about changing the policy. And the White House seems not to understand that. Yeah, but, but I mean even President Trump couldn't, couldn't turn the faucet off. Right. I mean, I understand your point that he did more than Biden did, but He turned the flow down. Yeah, But it, like, it's not, he's, it's, it's the presidency. It's not, it's not a magician. But lemme just ask you one quick question. Now, one Of the big priorities for Donald Trump and this MAGA Republic in Congress right now is going to be the tax cuts for the billionaires. They want to make sure those tax cuts for billionaires are extended on day one. Now, before there was about a dozen defections back in 2017 on that they can't afford now two defections.


So it'll be interesting to see what Mag and Mike does now that we're dealing with a 2 17, 2 15 slim majority because of the overall kind of poor planning here and those big Democrat flips, which many didn't see coming. So can the overall house potentially flip? If you know, who knows? If something happens to a MAGA Republican Congress member, we will see. I hope you're okay with the crying in the background. I'm okay with it. I love my baby girl. And she's gonna cry. She's gonna cry. And I. I'm gonna go take care of her now. Thank you for watching. Hit subscribe and let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Love this video.


Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter. Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now, and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows.


To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today.