
The NBA playoffs are here, and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spend $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's number one sports book two one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable, but the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com today.


This episode is brought to you by Enterprise Mobility. From Fleet Management to flexible truck rentals to technology solutions. Enterprise Mobility helps businesses find the right mobility solutions so they can find new opportunities. Because if your business is on the road, they wanna make sure it's on the road to success. Enterprise Mobility, moving you moves the world. Find your road at Enterprise Mobility dot com.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a price they have. My favorite brand, this a, I need buy two. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll Love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


Hey, hey, Bo. Hope Chuck and Mustard got go. Hey, Hey Bo, hope so. And Mustard Got go. Hey, Hey, ho and Mustard. Got go. Hey, Hey, Americans are fed up the Hands Off Protests on Saturday took the nation by storm. Thousands of protests in cities and towns in states across the United States of America and internationally as well. Millions of people in the aggregate were out there protesting in different cities. We saw hundreds of thousands of people, and these numbers are only going to grow as we head into democracy Summer.


Now, the Midas Touch Network was there broadcasting all of it. We partnered with MoveOn and some of the other grassroots organizations who were leading the protests. What you saw at the beginning of this video was part of our coverage that was from the New York protests. What I want to do on this video is highlight some of the protests that were taking place across the country and the world. I also want to share with you what our correspondent Aaron Parnas was seeing on the ground in Washington DC as he was interviewing some of the top democratic leaders for the Midas Touch Network.


All right, let's take a look at Boston where there were over 100,000 people protesting. I wanna show you what that scene looked like. Let's play it. President League of Eastern Massachusetts, thank you for being part of the resistance. Thank you for staying in the north. Now, I wanna show you the massive, massive protest that was taking place in downtown Chicago as part of the Hands Off movement. Let's play the clip now, just so you see here as well.


And credit to Marco Foster for putting a lot of these together and aggregating it from groups like our revolution. This is an aerial view of the massive protest taking place in New York City yesterday as part of the Hands Off rally against Elon Musk and Donald Trump. Just look at how massive it actually was in size. Play this clip, and here is the massive crowd that continued to grow yesterday at the National Mall in Washington, DC for the Hands Off rally against Musk and Trump.


Let's play the clip. We had Midas touch correspondent and TikTok Superstar, Aaron Par in Washington DC embedded in the protest yesterday. Here's what he had to say earlier on, as the numbers continued to grow when he was there, it was 50,000, a hundred thousand. I Think the full count in DC's gonna be significantly higher, but this was yesterday when Parnas was there. Let's play it.


I am here right now at the massive anti-Trump anti-US protest happening Right behind me. We're at the National Monument. Look at this. Let me show you the scenes right now. We have people power. We have to power that people, Folks, it's only about 1115. There are several thousand people here. They're expecting a lot more, and they're covering most of the national monument, the Washington Monument on National Mall. It's people go far, far back over there. Now, allegedly, we're expecting a number of speakers from Congressman Jamie Raskin, Congressman Maxwell Frost, and many more. So I'll see what I can cover, but right now it's just several thousand people across the DMV area protesting Elon Musk and Donald Trump.


Let me know if you wanna see something specific. I'm happy to interview anyone. I'm happy to talk to anyone. So we'll see what happens. But I'm out here. If you're out here, let me know and follow along. I'll do a full breakdown on my substack like I always do on my Lincoln Bio at the top of Link Tree. So stay tuned. Harness then had the opportunity to interview Democratic Congress member Jamie Raskin. Let me show you what went down. Let's play it. I'm here with Congressman Jamie Raskin from Maryland. Now, Congressman, why did you choose to come to this protest and why is it so impactful in this moment right now? Well, my congressional district is in Maryland and it borders Washington dc So we have tens of thousands of people from Maryland who've come down here. So this is the one I did, even though I was in Florida actually with Maxwell Frost for the rest of the weekend.


So this demonstration across the country with more than a thousand different protests is going to, is going to further catalyze popular resistance and opposition to this deranged program that they're imposing on the country. Now, a lot of folks are concerned, right? There are obvious, a lot of people have told me that they're being fired, especially at the IRS right now. What's your message to those who have been terminated at the federal government and how can they fight back? What can they do in this moment right now? Wait, I'm sorry, I, I missed second one. Yeah, yeah, no worries. A lot of folks are being, are, are worried they're being terminated right now at the federal government. Yes. And they, and they wanna know what they can do. What, what, what's their future? So what's your message to them? We, we are winning in the courts, like for example, they fired tens of thousands of probationary employees, which was completely lawless.


And so they've been restored theoretically to their jobs, but they're not letting them go back to work. They are giving them pay, but they're not having them do their jobs, which is absurd. But we're gonna fight for them to get their jobs back, and then we are going to make sure that people who've lost their jobs, who can't get their jobs back are part of this movement against authoritarianism in the country. Congressman, thank you so much. Now, I just wanna also go back and share with you the massive scope of that Boston event. Take a look right here. The aerial view of the massive protest in Boston yesterday, this was incredible. You see how many people were there? The official account was around a hundred thousand.


I, I Think it's actually more than that when I Think that's a conservative estimate. Let me show you this right here. This was also from the Hands Off protest, Senator Corey Booker joining a Hands Off protest in Montclair, New Jersey with a message for us all. We achieved great things in this country because average citizens stood up and said, enough is enough. And this is one of those moments. Play this clip. We achieved every great thing in this country because average citizens stood up and said, enough is enough. They banded together and bonded together across differences, across gender, race, and even party, and said, it's time we, em might to bend the arc of the moral universe more towards justice.


And so what I'm seeing now is outrageous, and I'm hope we all are outraged, but it's time to turn our anger into action, our worry into work. It's time to turn our fear into fight because we have seen these kind of fights before and we won. Take a look at another one of these huge protests taking place in Kansas City, Missouri yesterday. Play the clip.


Also massive protests in Salt Lake City, Utah. Let's play it ourselves And our own children. This, especially the rights of women for the complete total right Now, here was a huge crowd that gathered in Denver, Colorado yesterday. Let's play it. Am about to say you've never heard about Mexico. Children who were segregated Mexico and here were protestors, marching in Charlotte, North Carolina as part of the Hands Off movement again in thousands of cities and towns across the United States. Let's play it.


S-A-S-A-S-A-S-A-A In Washington DC Congress member Eric Swalwell, delivered a speech in front of the huge crowd right there. Let me show you what went down. Let's play it Because as you stand here right now, we have gone from a Trump slump to a Trump train wreck. We are going into a red recession, our 4 0 1 Ks, our 2 0 1 Ks, our cost at Walmart and Home Depot and Target.


We're four out of five of the things we buy are from overseas are going up. And where is Donald Trump? He's golfing. So to Donald Trump, I say, get your ass off the golf course and face the people. And here's Congress member Eric Swalwell again, let's play it. This is what kicking the shit out of fascism looks like. This is what it looks like.


We've seen a lot of Democratic Congress member Jamie Raskin also gave an incredible speech in Washington DC Let me play that clip for you as well. He Gave us the right to speak freely, to publish freely, to worship freely, to assemble freely, and to petition government for a redress of grievances. As Dr. King said, we've got the right to protest for what is right without being arrested, deported, or fired. We got the right to read the books we want, including 1984 in The Handmaid's Tale, even if they now belong in the nonfiction section.


We've even got the right to call the President deranged for caressing our economy, destroying $6 trillion of wealth and turning five 401k into a 2 0 1 K. I wanna highlight some great signs that we saw at the protest yesterday. We saw a sign like this in Kalispell, Montana. IKEA has better cabinets. Here's another great one in Illinois. They are eating the checks. They are eating the balances. Here's another one. People dressed up as penguins because Donald Trump's regime, tariffed penguins for 10 per 10% tariffs on penguins.


The penguin showed up to protest at a Hands Off event, and they had the photo of Donald Trump, the portrait that Trump hated in the, from the Colorado State House. And it says, traitor in chief, another a plus protest sign at a Hands Off protest in Rockford, Illinois. It says, pretend where Melania Donald Hands Off some other great photos and protest signs of Donald Trump and Putin. Here's Donald Trump, the complete and total slob. Another very creative sign of Donald Trump as a little baby. Here's one that says we are not okay. One says, Trump's a little B word.


Then there's another poster that has a photo of President Zelinski. It says, not a dictator, A photo of Putin that says dictator. A photo of JD Vance that says Dick and a photo of Donald Trump. All in the same poster that says traitor. Here's another one, another great sign wanna share with you. Hunk, if you've never drunk texted war plans here. A grandma had a sign that said I'd call Trump a C word, but he lacks depth and warmth. So a lot of signs like that. We don't really curse here on the Midas Touch Network till, but I want wanna highlight what some of those signs are.


Let me just share with you some of the other protests where we were either tagged in or, you know, or, or, or there were so many. So if I didn't cap capture your city, I may have done it in an earlier video, the ones I did yesterday. But I'm, I'm gonna do my best to highlight some of these protests like this one in Helena, Montana. People coming out in Montana, in Gurney, Illinois. A lot of people coming out. Kalispell, Montana, loads of protestors in San Diego, Omaha, Nebraska. What's up, Fresno, California, which actually went Trump in this last election. Lots of protestors there in Las Vegas, Nevada protestors are showing up in force.


This was in Austin, Texas where Democratic House representative Greg Casar made an appearance and here's what he had to say. Let's Play this clip. I love you guys. Fire who Fire, who fire, who fire, who keep up the pressure and I promise you we will do it. Thank y'all very much. Protestors in Rockford, Illinois. Protestors in Sioux Falls, south of Dakota in Hawaii. This was an interesting one from Philip Govi, from a writer from the New Yorker responding to more Noman.


I've never seen anything like this in New York City. Fifth Avenue covered from 42nd Street. Well to the twenties, nobody prepared for this volume. Volunteers are holding the traffic on all the side streets. No police in sight. Philip Govi then responds. I asked one high ranking policeman I saw on Fifth Avenue, why there were so few police. He said, quote, we did not expect anything like this. Don't tell anyone. But I've only got 44 officers out there and it's a great crowd. No event incidents, which I Think is very important. These were peaceful protests, peaceful protests across the country, despite there being peaceful protests.


Elon Musk was calling for the arrest of people and threatening people as these protests are growing clearly Elon Musk and Donald Trump. Very, very scared about the size and scope and growing nature of these protests. Go to a place like San Louis, a bespoke California. 10,000 people showed up there in San Louis. Ibispo, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Hands Off protests, Macon, Georgia. Huge protests there. Asheville, North Carolina, Illinois, state Capital, Akron, Ohio, Iceland. We had lots of people dressed up, whether they were in New Hampshire, other areas in the New England region wearing the Midas gear and showing up with Midas gear.


Huge turnout in Houston as well. I mean, folks, people were out and about with force. Try to show you some other ones right here. Atlanta. What's up, Pennsylvania. Lancaster, what's up? Pronouncing it right this time. Duluth, Minnesota. What's up, Asheville, North Carolina, Columbus, Ohio, Portland, Maine, Cincinnati, Ohio, going internationally London. There were also protests in Canada, Concord, New Hampshire, Richmond. I could keep going on and on and on, and I'm sorry if I missed your protest. Sorry if I missed it, but I can't have this video go on forever.


But we are going to cover all this stuff here at the Midas Touch Network. Now, you may recall the recent article that Vanity Fair wrote about the Midas Touch Network, and here's what the title was. This was from March 13th, 2025. The Trump resistance won't be televised, it'll be on Midas touch. The progressive network is thriving in a second Trump term recently dethroning Joe Rogan and becoming a destination for prominent Democrats. The resistance will be on Midas touch. We've made this such an important point of ours as we grow this network to make sure that we have these rallies on. We knew corporate news was not going to cover it and or the way they should be covering it.


And now that we had this huge platform, it was vital for us to share it with you and show you it. This is what Elon Musk posted by the way, he responded to this account. Amuse Soros funded Indivisible is admitting they are behind the 1300 paid protest happening today in all 50 states, democratic billionaires are funding uprisings and they should be held legally accountable for violence. Musk responds they will be. Folks, these were peaceful protests, unlike Musk and Donald Trump who are destroying the lives of veterans, destroying social security and Medicaid. As we responded on the Midas Touch account.


Keep downplaying the protests at your own peril. Elon and Donald keep threatening Americans. The protests will only get bigger. Trump is hated, Musk is hated. The political winds have shifted, people are fed up. This is only the beginning. I'm Ben Marcellus from the Midas Touch Network. Great work to all of the organizers of the protest. Everybody who showed up loved all the people wearing the Midas gear as well. These protests will continue to grow in times that are certainly filled with doom and gloom news. As Donald Trump and Elon Musk and the regime continued to take a wrecking ball to the United States of America and the world, it is great to see people rising up.


People will rise up, people will take back our freedoms. I'm Ben Marcellus. This is the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.