FanDuel (0s):
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler. The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my bets in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff, even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook gambling problem Call one 800 gambler

2 (1m 1s):
It's Memorial Day where we honor our troops who made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. But Memorial Day for Donald Trump means to make demented social media posts attacking judges and spreading his conspiracies and overall just embarrassing and humiliating the United States of America and not mentioning our troops at all. This, as we've now learned, that federal judges because of Donald Trump's attacks, don't even trust the US marshals anymore, who are supposed to protect them from the threats since they technically work for the executive branch and they want their own special protection or they're just gonna go out of pocket.

2 (1m 42s):
Folks, we're not in a constitutional crisis. We're well beyond that. We're in an authoritarian regime where we need to resist and oppose and call it out and clarity is needed where Donald Trump gives a deranged speech at a West Point Army graduation and starts talking about trophy wives and starts comparing himself to Al Capone says that he doesn't like stealth technology because he doesn't like the shapes and he thinks he gave a speech at the Ohio State University where he gave a speech in Alabama. We here at the Midas Touch Network call it out and make it a big deal because it is and it's having real world ramifications on our lives as this maniac destroys our country, destroys our alliances, destroys our economy.

2 (2m 33s):
Also, today it's gone under reported, so we should highlight it here. Donald Trump pardoned a corrupt Virginia sheriff who was found guilty of taking bribes to hand out badges to people in the business community in Virginia. This was someone who was sentenced to 10 years and the Trump, DOJ even bragged about the sentencing back in March of 2025. But Donald Trump said that this was a Biden witch hunt and Donald Trump putting more criminals back on the street. I think it's also important we talk about the Trump budget disaster as well in the sense that the MAGA Republican senators who were making weekend news appearances said that they're not going to be supporting it.

2 (3m 19s):
We'll see ultimately if that takes place, but that's at least what they said. We'll talk about that and more on this episode of the Midas Touch podcast. Brett and Jordy, how are you guys doing? I'm doing great. It's great to be here with everybody and welcome everybody to the special Memorial Day edition of the Midas Touch podcast. I hope everybody's having a, a powerful day, a reflective day filled with gratitude for all the brave young men and women who gave their lives in service to our country. And it's a reminder of the reason why we are always, you know, doing this, why we get up every day and we all work so hard in order to get these messages out here because we want to live up to that, right? We wanna be able to defend those same values.

2 (3m 59s):
So today we honor them. Thank you for making us part of your day here. It's not just a day off, it is a day to reflect and a day to continue the fight. So we appreciate you being with us. Jordy, how are you doing? I'm doing well. Brothers Midas Plus Mighty great to be here. I'm excited to get into the show today. And so with that, Benji, where do you want us to lead us off? Well, let me reflect on the Memorial Day parade in my town just at the outset of this episode. You know, it was an overall great parade, but there was one part of the parade where the town Republican Club had their own kind of crew and they made it so Trumpy and they had the Trump flag and they had all of the Trump stuff and all of this language.

2 (4m 43s):
You know, DEI is bad, we hate DEI. And it was a little bit wild too, 'cause as I was watching some of the people in the group, it wasn't just all kind of white people and it was like a small group and it was just, you know, coming into my town where we have a democratic assemblyman, a democratic senator in a, in a blue state, and just to see them making Memorial Day about Donald Trump with the Trump flag and they were playing the YMCA song, it, it just, it left a certain feeling with me, which is why I'm talking about it. But it's also important why I wanna reflect on that, that we continue to build this pro-democracy community and we talk about things like that and we share it with others in our community, in real world settings to let people know that that's not okay.

2 (5m 30s):
I'm not okay with people coming into my community and saying that they don't support diversity and inclusion in a community that actually is about diversity and inclusion. So I always say it's important that we not normalize that behavior and we just speak about it and say, I'm not okay with that. I'm not cool with that. I support diversity and not be afraid of all the narratives out there that try to convince you otherwise. And when I think about these narratives that try to, to convince you otherwise, you know, it's this corporate news reflex to just try to watch a Trump speech and then report on it as though it's a completely different speech. And maybe they're doing it for access, maybe they're doing it because they're Trumpers and Trump cheerleaders.

2 (6m 15s):
Maybe they're doing it because they're lazy. But I think it's important to be like, what the hell are you doing? And you know, I like some of the business reporting by Bloomberg. I like their podcast reporting at Bloomberg. So when I saw a Bloomberg reporter take a look at that West Point graduation where Trump gave a commencement speech and said, some of President Trump's advice to West Point graduates today, do what you love, think big, work hard and never give up. Don't lose your momentum. Have the courage to take the risks and do things differently. Never lose faith in America. I watched these speeches, he didn't say any of that ever. He showed up disrespectfully wearing a red political campaign hat he railed about trophy wives being not good, but then good, but then not good.

2 (7m 3s):
He talked about how he didn't like stealth, he compared himself to Al Capone. He attacked former President Biden and former President Obama. He made these deranged comments that there was nobody joining the army until him. All of those grads who were there joined the army under former President Biden because they were there for four years and they were graduating now. So when I watch that, it's the exact opposite. Setting aside politics, it's the exact opposite of what this Bloomberg reporter Jennifer Dooley wrote about. And it's just the exact opposite of what we should be teaching, in my view, future leaders in the military, future leaders in general, and forget leaders, just people being decent, good human beings.

2 (7m 46s):
And so how on her list does she not mention the things that were happening? I mean, where a United States president says he doesn't like stealth because the shapes and he thinks the shapes get outdated. I don't even know what the hell he's does. He think stealth literally means that the planes are actually invisible versus that they can't get detected on radar. Here's what Trump says about stealth play this clip.

3 (8m 11s):
And I've approved a $1 trillion investment And that will be, again, the largest ever in the history of our country. And we are buying you new airplanes, brand new beautiful planes. Redesigned planes, brand new planes, totally stealth planes. I hope they're stealth. I don't know that whole stealth thing. I'm sort of wondering, you mean if we shape a wing this way, they don't see it, but the other way they see it, I'm not so sure, but that's what they tell me.

2 (8m 43s):
That's what they tell me. And by the way, Donald Trump, they're talking about the trillion dollar budget because he likes the word trillion, which is part of what the Trump regime is doing that's going to add trillions of dollars to the deficit. I mean, just look at the disastrous budget. It increases the debt ceiling by $4 trillion over the next two years, meaning we're at a very minimum going to be running a $2 trillion annual deficit. The next thing that Donald Trump talks about, can I answer your question for a second? Not to interrupt your flow. Yes. He absolutely thinks that stealth planes mean they're supposed to be invisible and he doesn't understand why they're not invisible. And I, and I wouldn't even know, I'm not sure I would've even said that a few weeks ago, but going back to that incident with A, B, C and the kil ma rego Garcia, the MS 13 tattoo, where Trump literally thought that that was the actual tattoo, I now realize, I think he actually thinks this stuff like, I think he is actually that stupid when it comes to this sort of thing.

2 (9m 35s):
He's that he's that stupid and his people, his followers and stuff end up just parroting these ridiculous comments that he makes. 100%, he thinks stealth planes are actually invisible. Here he is on trophy wives play this clip

3 (9m 49s):
Company and he had nothing to do. He ended up getting a divorce, found a new wife, could you say a trophy wife? I guess we can say a trophy wife. It didn't work out too well, but it doesn't, And that doesn't work out too well. I must tell you, a lot of trophy wives doesn't work out, but it made him happy for a little while at least. But he found a new wife, he sold his little boat and he got a big yacht. He had one of the biggest yachts anywhere in the world,

2 (10m 19s):
Compares himself to Al Capone

3 (10m 21s):
And the American people because they're always gonna be there for you. I went through a very tough time with some very radicalized sick people, and I say I was investigated more than the great late Alfons Capone. Alfons Capone was a monster. He was a very hardened criminal. I went through more investigations than Alfons Capone, and now I'm talking to you as president. Can you believe this?

2 (10m 48s):
I mean, how humiliating. And then he believes that he spoke at the Ohio State University as his last commencement speech when he spoke at Alabama University here, play this clip

3 (10m 59s):
Army Careers. And I thought I'd do this and I can make this to a civilian audience or to a military audience. It's pretty much the same. And I did this recently at Ohio State and they really liked it. I gave them a little advice as to what I see for what you want to do and some tips.

2 (11m 22s):
Sure. I mean, just, can I just get in here real quick? Brett, can you please bring up what the Bloomberg reporter wrote about what Donald Trump said during this? So again, for our audio listeners, this is what this Bloomberg reporter wrote about this. And look, I, I don't like attacking or going after reporters for the sake of doing it, but something I say often on the show is don't be gaslit by corporate media. And this is exactly what I'm talking about. So this is, again, this is what the Bloomberg reporter said that Donald Trump said during his speech, do what you love, think big, work hard and never give up. Don't lose your momentum. Have the courage to take risks and do things differently. Never lose your faith in America. Insane. And, and, and here, here's all I wanna say about this is, look, I don't want corporate media out there to lie and make things up about what Donald Trump is saying you, but you don't have to cover for the guy in this bizarro way.

2 (12m 19s):
I'm just simply asking, please just report on what he's actually saying because it is absolute lunacy. Trophy wives, Al Capone, Ohio State, like stealth, he doesn't know what stealth is. This person has the nuclear codes and what are we gonna, how, how is corporate media gonna cover this? They're gonna ignore it and try and gaslight you listeners and viewers and say, no, no, no, this is what he said. It was act. And, and I just honestly, I have to ask why. Is it because corporate media, you're scared that Donald Trump's gonna see your tweet about him, like just you reporting on his actual words and then he is gonna get mad at you and call you a mean nickname, say nasty Bloomberg reporter.

2 (13m 8s):
I if that's the case, this isn't the profession for you, and I don't mean it to be rude, but I'm just honestly saying, please, for our country just report on what he's saying because it's bizarro land and people need to actually see this stuff. That's why I'm so happy we play these clips. I think they're just so lost in like this corporate media brain that I've noticed. Like some people have corporate media brain and they can't escape it. Like, and and they just have to think a certain way. And I think it's because when you come up in these structures, you're, you're taught to kind of report a certain way, right? I'm gonna, I need to give this side some certain credence and then I get need to give this side a voice as well. And then we let the audience, the truth is gonna be somewhere in the mix of those two things.

2 (13m 49s):
So we say, this side did this, this side did that. You decide audience, because we can't seem biased. A reporter's biggest fear, fear throughout their kind of careers is to appear biased. The issue is we're not a normal times right now. And when you're not in normal times And you have somebody who has so thrown off everything about what it means to be an American, all you're doing is you're allowing this individual to move the Overton window so far to the right, so far to the right because you are normalizing that behavior because this is not just about Bloomberg, this is an infection that has spread throughout so much of the corporate media. And I'll pull up this example as well, not to harp on this for too long, but let me show you a tale of two headlines right here.

2 (14m 32s):
Here is how the New York Times reported on this speech yesterday. You know, here's their headline. Trump gives commencement address at West Point stressing a new era. The president said the graduating cadets would enter a service no longer subject to absurd ideological experiments or nation building crusades. Now let me compare that to how they did this overseas at the independent and shout out to the independent for their headline, which told the truth here, the independent said Trump gives rambling speech about trophy wives golf and the great late Al Capone and politically charged West Point address. That's now, that is an accurate description of what we all saw. And so just the fact that so many of these outlets are going with that first New York Times sort of style to try to just placate people and say, Hey listen, we're not biased.

2 (15m 21s):
We're just telling you what happened here. You're not though because you're actually withholding the dangerous things that people need to know about. And that's how you soften these rough edges, which is to say the least. And you make somebody like Donald Trump palatable. I rarely watch local news, but every time I do watch local news, I'm, I, you know, a lot of great local news reporting when they cover these events though in many of these cities and towns throughout America, what you end up seeing is the way they frame it. You know, Donald Trump came to, you know, whatever Idaho today and, and he spoke about he wanted to make America great, then they'll play like three seconds of Donald Trump saying we gotta be great. And, and, and the crowd cheered and then he did his signature dance moves and walked off the stage and everybody applaud.

2 (16m 6s):
And you're like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. That is not exactly what happened there. Like let's tell people what went down. But that's just not, that's just not what we're getting. And I think it's part of the reason why we're in the place that we're in right now. This journalistic negligence or outright maliciousness, depending on how you view it, it has real world implications here because it doesn't erase what is taking place. You're just hiding it from a subset of Americans. Fortunately the Midas Touch network is growing bigger than a lot of these corporate news networks and we're the most viewed now out there, but they're still a lot of people who get their news from disinformation centers or from centers that do what we just shared with you with that Bloomberg reporter.

2 (16m 49s):
But why I make an emphasis of covering international news and why on the Midas Touch network, I share with you, here's what the reporter from India is actually saying, here is how the Canadians, the people actually feel about this. Here's what the meaning behind King Charles giving a speech from the throne, the first since 1977 on on Tuesday, what that really means and how it is a show that Canada is aligning with the commonwealth of the UK of Australia and saying that it is now looking towards them and commonwealth nations and looking away from the United States and how it is basically a see you later message to the United States And that King Charles is sending that message as well.

2 (17m 45s):
You know, when Donald Trump says, oh, we've gotta deal with India that's right around the corner. Or Donald Trump takes credit for the ceasefire between India and Pakistan when Donald Trump attacks the American corporation Apple causing it to lose $80 billion of market cap in a day by saying that he's going to tariff a company, he's going to tariff apple. Okay? And says you can't build in India how that makes people in India feel. I also wanna give you the international perspective of when Donald Trump is attacking universities in the United States. The international perspective to that as well.

2 (18m 25s):
When I speak to a lot of our India followers, they have a huge amount of foreign students that go to Harvard And that go to American universities who are worried that their family members are all, and and it's not unique to India, it's across the world with people, you know, who study in our universities who are worried that their family members are gonna be sent to a concentration camps in El Salvador or South Sudan or Libya, or they're gonna be detained and treated like criminals when they were here to study. And you could just imagine the perspective of a student, you know, who's preparing for finals or who's spent three years, you know, as a productive member of a, of an academic community now being told, you know, you know, you are, you are a criminal and and here's what's going to, here's what's going to happen to you.

2 (19m 12s):
And that's gonna result in brain drain away from the United States as China, Canada, Europe, Australia. Others are starting to recruit from the United States of, of America. You know, we're letting you know when Xi Jingping is not meeting or talking with Donald Trump, Xi Jingping is putting forward a made in China policy to actually double down on manufacturing in China because of how weak and feckless he believes Donald Trump to be. And he's right about that 'cause he saw Donald Trump cave and how he's been hosting Latin American and Caribbean nations and African nations in Beijing to strengthen alliances there.

2 (19m 53s):
You know, we're covering right after South African President OSA leaves the Oval Office, French President Emmanuel Macron meets with the vice president of South Africa projecting France, France and the European Union as a stabilizing force. And when Donald Trump, what was it four days ago, he said that he was going to put 50% tariffs on Europe on June one. Then you have the president of the European Commission. Ursula Lan gives him a phone call. Donald Trump moves the date back to July and you see the kind of just overall instability in his policies, which by the way isn't really hurting Europe as much as it's hurting the United States.

2 (20m 33s):
Of course the instability hurts all everybody, but it's hurting our companies way more than them. And again, it's not a shock when you see French president Emmanuel Macron having a phone call recently with Xi Jinping and announcing that they had a phone call together, French, European Union, China representing kind of stability and then a tour to Southeast Asia while Vietnam is talking about building Trump towers in Ho Chi Minh City to try to avoid the Trump tariffs basically saying, oh, I guess we just gotta bribe the guy. If we want to avoid the tariff regime by the authoritarian Trump regime.

2 (21m 13s):
You have French president, Emmanuel Macron going to Vietnam, going to Indonesia, going to other countries and projecting what can we do to help build your countries and make you more prosperous and better? Now you may say, well I think that's BS and propaganda. I think what Xi Jinping's doing is bs sure, but they're actually playing the game intelligently in a geopolitical way. And Donald Trump's there speaking to our army grads, wearing a stupid red hat talking about trophy wives. And again, that also gives the green light to Putin on Ki day and other days, you know, especially recently too, to start sending more shaheed drones, sending more ballistic missiles to kill innocent Ukrainians.

2 (21m 59s):
Like the, what I just gave to you are the facts. I'm not giving that to you from a democratic perspective or a Republican perspective or an independent, like what I just told you is that's the reality. Now you can choose to accept that that's the reality, or you can deny the reality and say what I just said is a crazy leftist thing. But everything I said there was just pure objective reporting on, on the facts. Brett and Jordy, you know, one of the interesting things recently, Ben is, is you interviewed Dave Weigel of, of Semaphore recently, and, and you could listen to that, you know, on the Midas Touch podcast, make sure you subscribe on Apple podcast and Spotify and all the things. And he said something that, you know, caught my attention, which was basically like if we saw this happening in any other country around the world, the media would not hesitate to call this authoritarian.

2 (22m 46s):
It wouldn't even be a question like, this is blatant authoritarianism that we are witnessing. If we saw what Donald Trump is doing with the universities, with Harvard, with these corporations, we would call that out. Everybody would call that out. The Marco Rubio would call that out. It wouldn't even be like a question for our government for whoever it it would, it would just be what we discuss. But because it's in the United States of America, everybody needs to show some sort of odd restraint and deference and no, maybe this isn't, maybe this, this is just strategy and this And that. And it's like, no, it's like, stop it. Let's not normalize this thing. Now I just want you to think like say you are, you know, one of the best and brightest, right? You are an international, you know student, you're a foreigner, right? You're, you're, you're, you're super bright, you know, incredible future.

2 (23m 28s):
You have AdChoices of whatever college you want to go to and you could get into Harvard University or you could go to Oxford or you could go to a top university in China or or wherever. What are you gonna choose right now? Honestly, if you're, if you're looking at the country, if you're looking at the, the geopolitical climate right now, are you gonna come to the United States of America where you could be there, invest all this money into the school, pay for these schools, start trying to move your entire life over to this new country, bring your talents to this new country Also, because one guy one day could send out some dumb ass post on his social media platform and then make you illegal and get you arrested and deported or sent into a concentration camp or whatever, when you could have been the next scientist who discovered whatever sort of, you know, form of energy or, or life curing disease, you know, life curing, antibiotic or whatever it is.

2 (24m 18s):
Like we're gonna be pushing all of these people away. It's just basic, you know, just basic, you know, to, to look at what's going on and realize we are gonna be driving the best and brightest minds away right now, all for Donald Trump's ego. I mean, the whole thing is just so insane the way he is attacking these corporations. You can't tariff a corporation. You can't tariff apple, okay? You can't do that. That's, that's not the, that's not what you do. And the fact that, you know, it's the one disheartening thing is seeing that, you know, these kind of smaller countries that are being bullied by Donald Trump, that they're looking and they go, oh, so if we wanna, you know, get rid of this, we just need to, let's say we'll build a Trump tower here. Let's say we'll do this and do all these giveaways.

2 (24m 60s):
And so Donald Trump continues to profit, continues to exploit the office for his own game. It's just the most blanket corruption that we have seen ever. Like ever. And, and this is not even, this is not my subjective opinion, this is not me coming from a political perspective. This is objectively the most corrupt administration imaginable happening in plain sight every single day. And because he, I don't know, speaks loudly And that the media normalizes, I I just, I just don't get like what's going on with, with the coverage right now. And lemme just add to that too, because I wanna speak specifically about the student of visas. That, that Trump is just, i, it that is like honestly the most anti-American thing to me because look, we went to high school and when we went, and it wasn't that long ago, right?

2 (25m 47s):
Like I'm 32, Brett, you're three years older. Ben just turned 40. And what were we taught? It's not like we went to some hippie dippy, you know, private school and we went to public school on Long Island and like of central value that was instilled in us is like what makes this country so great is that it's a melting pot. It's people from all different cultures and backgrounds coming together with their different life experiences and languages and art. And, and it's just, that is what makes this country so amazing. 'cause it's everyone here working together with all these differences. And how awesome is that? Also what we learned is that when you try and tout that your culture is the best and stand on top of the mountain and say, uhoh, we don't need anyone else. It's just, it's just us guys. That's xenophobia, that's xenophobia right there.

2 (26m 29s):
That's a bad thing. That's an anti-American thing. And so now to see the script reversed and Donald Trump, you know, holding the, the, the highest position, you know, in, in the states right now and like proudly like, like hitting his chest and saying, we don't, we don't, all these other cultures, we don't, we don't want y'all Uhuh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, we're gonna do it. We're gonna do it this way. You guys don't, don't come here. It's so upsetting to me just from like a human standpoint and from someone who actually like, truly does love America and loves this country and, and I know it could be the, like the greatest country in in the world so long as we'll allow it to be it. We haven't lived up to those values as of recently, that's for damn sure.

2 (27m 12s):
But I'm hoping we could get to a place where we, where we can once again. But I'll tell you how that's never gonna happen is by telling other folks from different countries and different backgrounds that they're not wanted. I can't tell you how much that like truly infuriates me at my core. And it's just like, ugh. It just like, I have nothing more to say about it other than it's just so infuriating. Well, as you say, Jordy, as a human being, it infuriates you, but just being very selfish about it. Also, the question is, is don't you want the smartest people here to create the jobs here that's gonna pay people more money here? And don't, don't you wanna detect the diseases here so people don't die? Don't you want the scientists?

2 (27m 53s):
Don't you want weather forecasting so we know what's gonna happen as we approach hurricane season? Don't you want the people to clean up after the disaster? Like, like, like doesn't that actually help out? Like what, what are we, what are we doing here? And what we're doing is living in Trump's dystopian reality show vision of the United States, a criminal, a felon, a sexual abuser, a bankrupt, someone who's been a loser his entire life, someone who thinks it's a good idea in Atlantic City to build three casinos right next to each other, over-leverage yourself. Everybody warns, you're gonna go bankrupt, just threaten the people, it goes bankrupt. Take the money, have everybody lose their jobs. You move on to your next scam, scam, scam, scam, scam, scam. That's been the guy's entire life. He's doing it with America.

2 (28m 34s):
So freaking obvious right now, it's like right before our eyes, you know? And what we can do here with our platform is call it out and to let other people know what's actually happening so that they can use the language, share this with other people and we can all come to some understanding that this, this is a perfect path towards the complete obliteration of the United States of America. Alright, let's take our first quick break of the show. I wanna remind everybody to go to Midas Plus dot com. That's our substack. It's where editor-in-chief, Ron Phillip Kowski cooks, he goes to work Midas Plus dot com, check it out, we're heading to 1 million Substack, Subscribe, Meidas, which is pretty cool. So help us out there, patreon.com/midas touch, join the conversation there.

2 (29m 15s):
We're gonna be hosting a live Brett Jordy and myself, exclusive to Patreon. It's a meeting on Zoom, so if you wanna meet me, Brett and Jordy will be announcing when that's gonna be taking place pretty soon. And then also you've got store dot midas touch.com, get that pro democracy Midas touch gear, and for all our Canadians out there, a hundred percent made in Canada gear as well. For all of you especially, you know, I did that great interview with Charlie Angus again, where he's like, yeah, we're, we're, we're still furious, Ben, nothing has absolutely changed, which is, you know, if you're actually following what's going on there, that should be obvious where Donald Trump still threatens the sovereignty of that, the great country of Canada every single day.

2 (29m 56s):
All right, let's take a quick break. We'll be right back with more after these quick messages from our sponsors.

ZBiotics (30m 3s):
Let's face it, after a night of drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. Now I thought I had to make AdChoices. I can either have a great night or a great next day. Now that was until I found pre-cool ZBiotics. Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Now here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. Now it's a buildup of this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for rough days. After drinking pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make pre-cool your first drink of the night, drink responsibly and you'll fill your best tomorrow. Now, every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference. The next day, even after a night out, I can confidently plan on having a great next day without worrying. Look, I won't lie, I was a bit on the fence about pre-cool initially, but then while hanging out with some friends in DC I gave it a shot. And well, believe me, it's the real deal. So I first gave pre-Cool a try when I was at a wedding. I drank it before my first espresso martini and you wouldn't believe how on top of my game I felt the very next morning spring is here, which means more opportunities to celebrate warmer weather than before Drinks on the patio that tropical vacation or your best friend's wedding. Don't forget your ZBiotics pre alcohol drink one before drinking and wake up feeling great the next day. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas Plus to learn more and get 15% off your first order when you use Midas Plus at checkout, ZBiotics is backed with 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash midas and use the code Midas at checkout for 15% off.

Shopify (31m 59s):
Look, starting a new business can be intimidating. I get it. Midas Touch Network was not built overnight. You need the tools to help you engage in the day-to-day tasks, the growth. And so that's why we use Shopify. It made things easy for us and I think you should use Shopify too. So Shopify is a commerce platform. It is the commerce platform behind millions of businesses around the world and 10% of all e-commerce in the United States. From household names like Mattel and Jim Shark. To brands like the Midas Touch Network get started with your own design studio with hundreds of ready to use templates. Shopify helps you build a beautiful online store to match your brand style, accelerate your content creation. Shopify is packed with helpful AI tools that write product descriptions, page headlines, and even enhance your product photography. Get the word out like you have a marketing team behind you, even if you don't easily create email and social media campaigns wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling to the Midas Touch Network. And best yet, Shopify is your commerce expert and with its world class expertise and everything for managing inventory to international shipping, to processing returns and beyond, you can count on Shopify. If you're ready to sell, you are ready for Shopify. So turn your big business idea into boom, boom boom with Shopify on your side. Sign up for your $1 per month trial and start selling today at Shopify dot com slash midas. Go to Shopify dot com slash midas one more time. That's Shopify dot com slash midas. Let's go.

2 (33m 46s):
Shout out to our sponsors links in description of both the YouTube and the audio. Use the links, use the codes, let them know we sent you one more plug here. Ben mentioned the merch at store. Do midas touch.com just before break, we still have our Memorial Day sale going on, which we're gonna extend through Tuesday for the audio listeners. I was thinking about that since they get the audio in the mor I wanna make sure that they get the full scope of it. So Brett, let's make sure we do that. Code truth T-R-U-T-H at checkout, 10% off everything in the store, store dot midas touch.com. Check it out, Benji, where to next? You know, there's no doubt that Donald Trump's approval is plummeting. It's the worst ever for a president who's been in office at this time, period.

2 (34m 26s):
Full stop, objective data. The worst ever based on all of the polling, not just like one specific poll, but you know, it's interesting when you still look at it, you're like, there's still 37 to 40% of the people who like support this guy. You know, and it's, and it's, it's an intriguing analysis for me to, to truly try to understand like what the hell is going on here. So one of the things that I've been looking at a lot recently is Little Havana in Miami where Donald Trump's support among the Cuban community is strong, very, very strong. It's changed the whole dynamics of kind of Florida politics, which was once a purpleish state, then became a Ruby, Ruby red State.

2 (35m 12s):
And a lot of it was the Cuban and Venezuelan population in Florida and, and some other Latino populations that are, that are there as well, been very supportive of kind of Trump and Maga. And what's so wild to me about it is that every single day Donald Trump does more and more things to let that population know how much he hates them. Like, like the most brutal type of stuff. So under former President Biden, the Cubans, the Venezuelans and others had temporary protected status was a major priority to protect these communities from Castro and Cuba, from Maduro in Venezuela. And without any hesitation, Biden would make sure that these communities were protected.

2 (35m 57s):
And then you would have a lot of maga republican senators like Marco Rubio, when he was a senator of Florida, make that kind of his big priority. I mean, In fact, when it came to this rapper named El Funky, I think was the guy's name, you know, Marco Rubio used this Cuban rappers, you know, lyrics to basically be the name of this bill to put more sanctions on on Cuba. I think it was Patri i Vida was the name of the bill and was also the name of this kind of protest rally song that was really inspirational to Cuban dissidents, you know, but Donald Trump's like targeting these people. Like, like, like this guy L Funky is part of the Cuban community that's gonna be sent back to the Castro regime.

2 (36m 42s):
Their immigration status has been revoked by Donald Trump under the initial kind of Cuban protection, the various kind of Cuban protection acts. That's not even including the next wave where the same way the Venezuelan temporary protected status has been revoked. It's gonna be, you know, you know it's gonna be revoked with, with Cubans as well. And, and frankly all groups across a, a all of these Latino groups across the country. And so like, let, let, let me just share with you, this was some recent reporting in Little Havana in Cuba. Just, just watch this, it's, it's mind boggling to me here play this clip.

5 (37m 19s):
On a recent visit to Miami's little Havana neighborhood, we found conversation about temporary protected status heating up. You think it's bad for them to remove the status? You still approve President Trump, so you continue to support the president. This is iconic Domino Park where many Cuban Americans come to enjoy their favorite pastime playing dominoes. And in between games. Some have told us that they agree with President Trump on most things, except this Cubans Venezuelans should have a right to be protected clearly. Yes, she

2 (37m 57s):
Said. So we support him on everything other than the thing where he wants us basically dead other than the thing where he wants us killed. And you start to think about that and, and you don't just think about that from the perspective of Cubans or Venezuelans or you, you just think about it, you know, with how he's treated red states when it comes to FEMA not sending FEMA into red states, gutting the National Weather Service and national oceanic and atmospheric agencies. When you, when you see how he's taking away snap benefits, we'll talk about the budget in a little bit.

2 (38m 41s):
You know, I, I saw when MAGA, Mike Johnson was being interviewed on the Sunday shows and he was railing against how bad snap is. Louisiana gets more snap than any state other than one. So, so you're, you're literally kind of killing your people. But going back to where we started this episode, Jordy and Brett, there's been this overwhelming amount of propaganda out there that make people feel that there are these other issues to focus on. But when it comes down to like, I don't know, to me the issues that would be most impactful to me first would be my, my wife and my kid, my family, then probably me living and then the community and, and, and, and then I probably branch out a little bit, but where they're directly attacking your literal existence, your, your ability to live.

2 (39m 35s):
It's, it's just a, it's a, it's a wild concept and it's a segue into talking about this budget because the, the, the factions, when we talk about the senators who don't support this bill, it's not like they're great people. They don't support it because they want more cuts to Medicaid. They want more people suffering Brett and Jordy, that that's why they want the cuts. Yeah, and I did a deep dive on the l funky story over the weekend and, and was reading about the guy, and like, this is how extreme it is. He says that if he is sent back to Cuba, he will be imprisoned and would likely could likely end up dead because he did this major protest anthem, which led to a lot of protests in the country.

2 (40m 18s):
And so his life is literally at risk because of Donald Trump's administration, yet he still supports Trump and, and has supported Trump. And the whole thing is just so mind blowing to me. The thing that always just really confuses me, and I think this is going to your point, Ben, of the, of the propaganda is that Trump resembles all of these autocrats who they are fleeing. That's who Trump like idolizes. That's who he tries to be in the, in the mold of when Donald Trump does everything that he does, he's following the same playbook as these communist dictators. He's fi as I said on a previous episode, and I'm not being facetious about it, I think Donald Trump is most similar to a communist leader in one of these countries than we have seen in American history leading the United States of America.

2 (41m 5s):
And so the irony of the people rallying against this being attracted to this individual is just like so shocking to me. But, you know, I guess there's, there's some psychological thing happening where, which also happens in communist countries, which is you Beatdown on the people, you make them suffer, you blame other people and then you throw them scraps and you tell them in the words of JD Vance, say, thank you. Did you say thank you? Say thank you. You should be thankful for the little scraps you're getting. Oh, we took away your, your healthcare, but you should be thankful for what we're doing for you. And we see it with the, I mean the FEMA thing right alone is just absolutely crazy right now. Especially after we saw a months of propaganda from Trump, from all these MAGA people, remember the $750 number that they would throw out the United States government's only giving $750 to help clean up this mess.

2 (41m 52s):
That wasn't true. That was an immediate payment to help people with their immediate expenses, which was something passed by Congress that FEMA was allowed as the maximum amount they were able to actually pay for that. And then there was a whole lot of other money that was paid out to these communities and people who applied for assistance, assistance that the, that Donald Trump and those MAGA people tried to prevent people from applying for. And now not only they're not getting the $750 people in, in harm's way in many of these red states. They're not getting anything. They're not getting any money and they're being forced to beg for help right now. And this government is not doing anything and they don't even acknowledge it, which is part of their strategy as well. Just pretend like nothing happens, right? Pretend that there are no issues, pretend that there is no storm.

2 (42m 34s):
Pretend that there is no measles. Pretend that the CBO that that there is no deficit that's going to spike because of this crazy bill. And when we look at this bill, it's clearly like the biggest debt deficit bomb that we have ever seen in the country. And Ben, I remember you making these predictions before Trump even entered office and you're like, he's gonna increase the debt. What was your prediction? Like 20 trillion, 30 20, 30 trillion easy. And and a lot of people I think at the time were like, come on. Like that's, that sounds a little crazy. It seems like we're heading, I I have to maybe even pass there at this point with, with what's going on. And for these people to, to position themselves as fiscal hawks and fiscal conservatives and then just be so reckless with the money.

2 (43m 18s):
I mean, doge has to be, if, if you take Doge face value, and I don't, by the way, if you take Doge though face value on what its intended goals were to make the government more efficient, to save the government money. It's the biggest failure maybe in any government's history ever. I mean, adding $4 trillion to the deficit, I'm adding like $20 trillion in debt. This was supposed to save us money and this is just a total complete disaster. Then you see Mike Johnson, you see all these people go on tv, they have to try to defend it. Mike Johnson always pretends that he like doesn't see the numbers or doesn't see Donald Trump's corruption. And and they just play this constant game of don't look up when reality is staring us in the face like this.

2 (43m 59s):
This stuff could not be clearer as to what's going on. Cannot be clearer as to what's happening with this bill. The amount of people who are going to lose their health insurance with this bill. The amount of people who are gonna lose their Medicare, their Medicaid, and they could pretend like it's just the illegals or whatever they wanna say all they want or that they're cleaning up waste, fraud and abuse. But people are actually going to lose their lives if this bill passes as is. And so I think it's important that we constantly are, are grounding this in the reality of what's going on and cut right past all the propaganda that they're spouting every single day. Can I just touch on the l funky situation really quickly and I I'm still going back and forth in my head whether that's the best rap name of all time or the, or the worst rap name of all time. But that's neither here nor there. I'm just gonna use this as an example.

2 (44m 39s):
You people are inherently smart. I I I genuinely like actually believe that everyone has a brain, you know, and at a certain point it's up to you to really cut through the Yeah, yeah. It's up to you to just know right from wrong and know when you're being lied to. But in these instances, the propaganda, there's just so much money poured into it where I start to genuinely feel for some of these communities that are really just being preyed upon, that are being deceived. Now again, they have brains, right? Figure it out. Like you have to see through this, you have to know that you're being lied to. But at the same time, I mean this is a trillion dollar operation of propaganda that's being flashed into people's brains literally flash from their phones into their eyes on all the crevices of the internet.

2 (45m 26s):
TikTok, Facebook, you know, Twitter, you, you name it. Once you get hooked into that algorithmic loop, at a certain point you stop saying, oh no, this is actually impacting my life. And you start caring about the conspiracies, about the South African white farmer genocide. That's not happening because Donald Trump and the trillion dollar propaganda machine told you to care about that versus your life and your community. So it, for me, it's such a give or take when we talk about these situations. It's why I don't love the F round and find out motto like as much as I think I used to enjoy it back, 'cause I actually see how it's impacting people on a day to day. And like I said, trillions of dollars of propaganda and money are being poured into this entire operation to deceit and, and to fool people every single second of the day where they start caring more about the trans athlete, which again makes a 0.0002% of of the NCAA who actually actually trans athletes in the NCAA and, and stop caring about yourself, your life, your community, and your loved ones.

2 (46m 26s):
And it's just so you know, here's the thing, Jordan, that that's for me what it is. They think though, that they're caring about themselves. They think that the transgender volleyball player is going to prevent their family from having opportunities. That's how it's framed. Or they think that what is the, the South Africa is a dog whistle for why you need to deport everybody and have mass migration and have the largest deportation. That that's what it is. Because the, the explanation and how it's framed when they're eating your dogs and your cats is that these people are going to come and kill you and your family and that's who you should be afraid about.

2 (47m 10s):
But the real killers are the ones who are selling the people, the lies, the people who are actually stealing from you, the people who are actually attacking your family, the people who are taking your valleys, the people who are literally going to send you back to Cuba and Venezuela and, and elsewhere. And then welcome the white africons, the, the, the, the, the people who are doing that are the people who are selling you the lies. And we shouldn't have to, we, we shouldn't in our messaging and our discussions o overcomplicate there, you know, what's, what's really happening. It's why I think it's so important. What we try to do here is, is listen to people and understand what is it that is appealing to individuals about this authoritarian messaging.

2 (47m 57s):
And also not to center it from an American perspective only and to recognize this right wing authoritarian fascism is creeping across the world and there's a real kind of, whether you wanna call it a cold or hot war taking place between the idea of liberal democracies and the idea of right-wing fascism. We saw that play out in the Canadian elections with their Trump candidate, Pierre Pev, who would've won, but for the fact that people actually saw whoa, whoa, whoa. Oh my god, this is actually gonna kill us. Same thing in Australia. They had their, I thought you were gonna say it's 'cause 'cause he went on Joe Rogan or something.

2 (48m 37s):
That's, they, they, they had their peter, they had their Peter Dutton, who's their Tim Trump, same thing. What we saw in Romania with their Trump MAGA candidate losing it. This is the tension. Do you wanna be more like hungry, you know, Victor, you know, with a Victor Orban or do you want to be more like a, you know, like what the United States was not is anymore, you know, what a Canada, you know, what a what a Canada, you know, could be, you know, and, and you know, or do you wanna be a western liberal democracy or do you wanna be, you know, under Putin's spell? And, and I think that, you know, Putin and these right wing authoritarians, they've recognized the history of mankind has actually been defined by authoritarianism and not democracy.

2 (49m 25s):
D democracy is very hard. It's hard. And and that's why people looked at the American democracy experiment with kind of shock and disbelief, but also hope, like how were you able to do this? Your constitution's not all that long. Your amendments are like one sentences long, some of them, yet you have all of these good faith beliefs and, And that kind of hold it together. And yes, it's very, very messy that, you know, it's, it's, it's certainly nowhere near perfect or close to it. But how'd you hold this together? But then a lot of our states, and I give David Pepper credit for coining this name became these laboratory laboratories for autocracy.

2 (50m 7s):
And you started to see how you can get Trump-like people at the state level to gerrymander the crap out of things and then to actually change the dynamics of a state and crush and, and literally kind of crush the people, but then stay in power. And that was a learning lesson of autocracies across the world. That, that that's what's, that's the dynamic here that we have to confront and address. All right, we'll take our last quick break when we come back, I do wanna talk about what's going on in Ukraine. I want to talk about Maga Mike's bill and Trump's bill, this disastrous budget bill seeming to run into some big obstacles in, in the Senate, although we'll see what happens there.

2 (50m 50s):
And we should talk about Donald Trump's. We should say Ben, we also have, you know, Ken Harbaugh, a Midas touch contributor currently in Kyiv right now going across Ukraine. He's gonna be getting some exclusive footage for us there. Ken, please stay safe. We got a team there who is gonna be getting you, you know, footage and, and interviews and all sorts of things that you will literally not see or hear anywhere else, but we're getting people on the ground there. I also want to give a huge shout out to Katie Fang on her new YouTube channel joining Independent Media, following her departure from M-S-N-B-C. And her YouTube channel is Abso in an absolute rocket ship right now. Last time I checked, I can't, I can't even keep up with it, but over 140,000 Subscribe Meidas in just a few days, just absolutely unbelievable.

2 (51m 34s):
Her reporting is, is so good and she speaks with that fearlessness And that we need that clarity that we are speaking about. So I hope everybody goes to youtube.com/the at symbol katie fang news. So youtube.com/at symbol katy fang news, that's P-H-A-N-G. Check it out, subscribe. I know you're all gonna love it. And we welcome Katie Fang to the Midas Touch Network, our newest contributor. It's incredible. Let's take our last quick break of the show.

MDHearing (52m 3s):
You know, what's really getting under my skin these days? The price of everything. I mean, seriously, gas prices are high. Food shopping feels like I'm emptying my bank account with every trip. And don't even get me started on how expensive hearing aids can be. Now, I've looked into them before for my family members and the price tag, it's just insane. It's like they think that we all have money growing from money trees or something in our backyards, but I have some good news. Did you know MD hearing has actually cut their prices in half despite everything getting more expensive? I'm not kidding. This podcast is sponsored by MD Hearing and they are changing the game when it comes to hearing aids. They make high quality, easy to use, rechargeable hearing aids with exceptional sound quality, all personalized to your hearing profile. And guess what? MD hearings, neo rechargeable digital hearing aids are now only $297 for a pair that's more than 90% less than what you'd pay at a clinic. What's even better? The neo fits right inside your ear so it's practically invisible. And if that's not enough, MD hearing just launched the Neo Xs their smallest hearing aid yet now my uncle has been using MD hearing for a while and let me tell you, he could hear so much better. The quality is just a game changer for him and he absolutely loves them at just $297 for a pair. You're getting something that's as good as those other brand names, but way more affordable. And here's what other people are saying too. Edward s called MD hearing the best hearing aid that I've used at any price. And Robert P from Texas said, these are the best hearing aids that you can buy. MD hearing was founded by an ENT surgeon who saw how many people needed hearing aids but couldn't afford them. So he made it his mission to create affordable high quality hearing aids. They've sold over 2 million devices and they offer a 45 day risk free trial with a 100% money back guarantee. So you can buy with total confidence. Still not convinced. MD hearing was just selected to be hearing aid supplier for top Medicare Advantage plans. So you know they're a brand that you can trust, get the high quality affordable hearing aids you deserve with MD hearing. Go to shop md hearing.com and use promo code Midas to get a pair of hearing aids for just $297. Plus, you'll get a free extra charging case, a $100 value just for listeners of the Midas Touch podcast. That's shop md hearing.com and use our promo code Midas to get a pair of hearing aids for just $297.

Qualia (54m 25s):
So you ever wake up and feel like your body just hit the snooze button on life? Yeah, same. Honestly. Aging sneaks up on you in some wild ways. Whether it's a night out or a good workout, I just don't bounce back the way that I used to. One day. You're full of energy. The next year Googling how to stretch without pulling a muscle. I believe one of the best aging breakthroughs of the last decade is qua lytic. And here's why. It's designed to help your body naturally eliminate something called senescent cells, also known as zombie cells. These are the ones that just hang around after they've stopped doing their job, draining your energy and making you feel well old. Think joint discomfort, sluggish recovery, low energy. The whole deal quality of lytic is a groundbreaking supplement made with nine plant-based nutrients. And you only take it two days a month. That's it. Since I started taking it, I felt more energized, quicker to recover from workouts and honestly just more like me. Again, plus quality of breakthrough formulation is vegan, non gmo, and tested by leading scientists experience the science of feeling younger. Go to quality of life.com/ Midas Plus for up to 50% off your purchase and use code Midas Plus for an additional 15%. That's Q-U-A-L-I-A life.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for that extra 15% off your older self will. Thank you. And thanks to Qualia for sponsoring this episode. Let's go.

2 (55m 50s):
Shout out to our sponsors. Shout out Qualia. They've been a sponsor for a while. Fabulous, fabulous stuff. Check that out if you're in the market for it. Shout out MD hearing. So my uncle on this side of the family, like Lexi's uncle, like loves, loves MD hearing, loves MD hearing. Her dad also loves MD hearing. If you're in the market, links and description of the YouTube and the audio, click the links, use the codes, let them know we sent you Benji. Where to next? MAGA Republican Rand Paul from Kentucky saying that Trump and MAGA Mike Johnson are the emperor with no close. If they think that this bill, this disastrous budget bill isn't going to raise the deficit by trillions play the clip,

7 (56m 28s):
Somebody has to stand up and yell. The emperor has no close and everybody's falling in lockstep on this pass. The big beautiful Bill, don't question anything. Well, conservatives do need to stand up and have their voice heard. This is a problem we've been facing for decades now, and if we don't stand up on it, I I, I really fear the direction the country is going. Okay.

2 (56m 49s):
Okay, so I saw also Ron Johnson from Wisconsin had a similar message as well, but I don't wanna like try to give them props. Like what they're trying to do is cut Medicaid and to cut more services that people actually need while giving the tax cuts to, to the billionaires. And, and let me be very clear, you wanna know how you solve this. You tax rich people more. Okay? Rich people should pay more taxes. It's a very simple solution. If very rich people paid more taxes, they would still be very, very rich and they would have wealth for generations and generations and generations and more generations. Okay? And they would be able to actually be patriotic by supporting our country.

2 (57m 31s):
It's a very basic solution. We should be loud about that idea, unflinching in that idea. And we shouldn't be worried. Oh my God, are we gonna sound like no, that that's where the American people are. Stop doubting yourself. American people aren't billionaires or deca millionaires, okay? Most Americans are psychologically tortured living paycheck to paycheck and they support the idea of taxing rich people more. First off, we could start by taxing rich people fairly, which they're not even being fairly taxed. They paid less actual taxes and definitely less percentage wise of taxes than most Americans pay in general. Heck, when we saw Trump's federal taxes, there were years where he paid $0 or he paid 750, which is basically the filing fee.

2 (58m 18s):
Also in this big budget bill disaster, they're cutting the ability for free tax filing as well. So like they're even cutting your ability to go through the IRS free tax filing system, which was very popular. So just say it loud and proud, rich people need to be taxed more. You don't have to overcomplicate it with slogans that's not like, oh my God, we need to find our next Joe Rogan. No, just be a normal human being and speak to where people are. If you listen to people, you know where they are and it's just doing the right thing. Like here's MAGA Mike Johnson talking about how he wants to cut snap from his own people, which Louisiana gets more snap than every state other than one play this clip.

8 (58m 57s):
We don't want to slash benefits. And again, I make this very clear, we are not cutting Medicaid, we are not cutting snap. We're working in the elements of fraud, waste, and abuse. Snap, for example, listen to the statistics in 2024, over $11 billion in snap payments, were, were erroneous. I mean that's, that's a number that everyone acknowledges is real. It may be much higher than

9 (59m 18s):
Louisiana is like the second largest recipient of food stamps in the

8 (59m 21s):
Country, sir. So let, let me explain it Margaret, let me explain it. The states, the states are not properly administering this 'cause they don't have enough skin in the game. So what we've done in the bill is had some just a modest state sharing component so that they'll pay attention to that so that we can reduce fraud. Why? Again? So that it is preserved for the people that need it the most. This is common sense Margaret. It's good government and everybody on both sides of the aisle should agree to that.

2 (59m 45s):
So then what he's saying that everybody in his state basically commits are, are all committing fraud basically Is is, is that what the argument is? No. They're getting rid of Medicaid. Okay. They are getting rid of, they are getting rid of SNAP programs and what it's gonna be maga, Mike Johnson and Donald Trump, their central body's gonna be the ones to make determinations of who's able-bodied, who's not able-bodied. They're, they're the ones who are gonna make those determinations. And they're already a lot of requirements like that that exist already. And it's a very dim view about the American people. That what the American people are, are, are.

2 (1h 0m 27s):
So what they're, they're they're so hungry for food that they're making up that they have di isn't there a broader issue they're taking place that if you're saying that Americans need to make up lies in order to be handed food so that they could be able to live and actually feed their freaking family in the first place. Or maybe just maybe where the fraud is actually coming from is people like these magar Republican billionaires who run the biggest Medicaid fraud in histories. Oh wait, Magar Republican Senator Scott from Florida was involved in the biggest Medicaid fraud in history. So if you wanna know where the fraud is actually taking place from, it's usually from a lot of the big Republican donors who are the ones like actually implementing the system.

2 (1h 1m 15s):
And they're the ones defrauding the government, not the actual human beings who depend on services literally to live. And then what they go into the workforce where a lot of employers don't provide healthcare. And then the big disastrous budget bill also guts the Affordable Care Act and guts Medicare. It is a big, nasty disastrous bill. And again, when we're talking about this to human beings, it's not about, oh, we gotta find our Joe Rogan to be cool. Y no, what do you we talking about? Just speak to human beings like humans and let them know the stakes and talk to them and let you let them know you care about them and hear them. I mean, you, you heard the story where there was an e coli outbreak in Indiana that they tried to like hide and cover up as well because the Trump regime got rid of the people who collect the data and report on them.

2 (1h 2m 5s):
And these are the people that say, if you don't test like a a miracle, it's gonna go away. I promise you that measles e coli is not a pop are are not popular. And while the Trump regime also banning people under the age of, of 65 from getting COVID boosters, I mean these people are idiots. They're maniacs, they're dangerous. Just call it what it is, guys. Yeah. These are common sense ideas, okay? And these are things that if you were to put it in front of a poll without a party affiliation next to these topics that we're discussing on this, they probably pull 70, 75%, maybe 80% for a lot of these issues like taxing the wealthy, you know, things like that. And so like, stop with all these sideshows.

2 (1h 2m 45s):
Like I, I truthfully do not understand how it has become gospel in this country amongst democratic circles. That the reason why the Democrats did not win the 2024 election is because of Joe Rogan or Rightwing podcasters. This whole concept to me is just so crazy. So what about the rest of the world that also shifted in the exact same direction, by the way the US actually shifted less than the rest of the world did, comparatively, but, but they all have a Joe Rogan. They all have whatever. And by the way, like, it, it, I, whatever, I'm gonna, I'm gonna stop there 'cause I'm gonna get lost in like a, a tangent. But the whole thing is so ridiculous. You have popular ideas. Just stop being weird and just say them straight. Just say them clearly.

2 (1h 3m 26s):
Say them with focus, say them with passion, say them with confidence. You know, on one of our shows the other day, on, on majority 54 on the Midas Touch Network, I'm not sure if you folks listened to that with Jason Candor and, and Ravi Gupta candor made a a, a really good point, which is like, why do Democrats, oh, they always almost sound like afraid to speak the truth. Like when they have the argument on their side, when they have the facts on their side, they sound timid at hearings, they sound timid sometimes when they're actually confronting people and debating these topics. While the Republicans, while Donald Trump, they may be totally wrong and they are totally wrong about all these things, but they say things with such bravado and such confidence.

2 (1h 4m 8s):
And that confidence that they project causes people to think that they are telling the truth even when they're telling the lie. So I'm just saying, I wanna repeat what Candor's saying and be confident in yourself. Be confident in your beliefs. These are popular ideas. Stand up for them. Be strong. Make your case to the American people. You don't need a Joe Rogan to do that, okay? You just need you, you need your messaging. You have all the platforms, you got the Midas Touch Network, you got all the platforms you could ever want to go on. Okay? You got, you got plenty of soapbox to speak from, but use them, use them and use 'em confidently and stop, stop blaming whatever you wanna blame on your own issue. It, it's really why too. You know, it's, it's really why I rock with Bashir, Andy Beshear, governor Beshe out of Kentucky, right?

2 (1h 4m 51s):
Kentucky Governor of Kentucky. He says it with his whole chest, you know, he, he's saying, no, I'm gonna stick up for L-G-B-T-Q Brothers. I'm, I'm gonna do that. Why? Because it's the right thing to do. Not just 'cause it's the popular thing to do, but it's the right thing to do. 'cause he's got real morals and real values. And so if Andy Bushier can say this as the governor of Kentucky with someone who likely, I don't know, probably has greater even aspirations than that, you know, Democrats say it with your whole chest, you know, defend your policies, you got good ideas, the American people are with you on a lot of them. Stand behind it and say it with your chest. In a world of fe men's be Beshear, Benji. Where too, look at Donald Trump talking about Putin.

2 (1h 5m 32s):
I mean, this is some craziest, I mean, just look at this message. This is do, this is how Donald Trump does diplomacy. And this is not diplomacy, this is just madness. He writes the following on social media, like the fact that you're writing a message on social media. Like what? Like, like what are you in, like, some like rap battle. Like I, what, what what is this like, like you're in some like TikTok battle between people like, or, or some high school drama battle and, and you, and you talk negatively on each other's like Instagram page. Like, like what in the world is this? So this was, this is Trump's post about Putin from yesterday. I've always had a very good relationship with Vladimir Putin Russia.

2 (1h 6m 12s):
But something has happened to him. He's gone absolutely crazy and he puts crazy in caps to make Trump seem crazy. He needlessly, he is needlessly killing a lot of people. And I'm not just talking about soldiers missiles and drones are being shot into cities in Ukraine for no reason whatsoever. I've always said that he wants all of Ukraine not just a piece of it. And maybe that's proving to be right, but if he does it, it will lead to the downfall of Russia. Likewise, president Zelensky is doing his country no favors by talking the way he does everything out of his mouth causes problems. I don't like it. And it better stop. This is a war that would never have started if I were president. This is Zelensky, Putin's and Biden's war, not Trump's.

2 (1h 6m 56s):
I'm only helping to put out the big and ugly fires that have been started through gross incompetence and hatred. You imagine if former President Biden, when it came to the Afghan withdrawal that Donald Trump did in a disastrous manner by releasing 5,000 Taliban prisoners for absolutely nothing in return, and then basically gutting all other operational sites except for like one base and then dumped it all on former President Biden and refused to allow the Biden administration to even talk with Trump State Department or Department of Defense to try to actually harm the Biden administration. Could you imagine if a, and I know it's getting tried for me, what were you gonna say? Do you think this goes down like this?

2 (1h 7m 36s):
Like Putin, you know, Putin, Putin, one of his advisors comes up and he is like, Vladimir got some bad news. He's like, what Va what is it sir? A tweet. And then he sent a tweet. Shit end the war tweet. He has, he has called you crazy. He has stressed a very good relationship with you in the past. He, he's equally upset at Zelensky. He's mad that Zelensky is mad. He's like, he's mad that Zelinsky is mad because I need, I need to know. Did he use all caps for the word crazy? Yes. Shit. Shit. He got me, he got me. I don't know what to do. It's over. It's over over. It's all crumbling key. It's just like Dave.

2 (1h 8m 17s):
That's how Trump thinks. It actually happens though. I'm like confident. That's how he thinks. This goes down y Well, yeah, when Trump said on day one, I'm gonna put, I'm, I've got a great relationship with Zelinsky and Putin. I'm gonna put him into a room and it'll be so easy. It'll happen before day one. Okay? That is not just a vicious venomous vial lie. It's one that causes the loss of lots of lives as well. And it's one that Donald Trump needs to be held accountable for every day. He also said he was gonna bring peace to Gaza in 24 hours. And he has not done that. He's made things worse. He's made things worse in Gaza, he's made things worse in Ukraine.

2 (1h 8m 57s):
He's made things worse throughout the world. And he makes it worse also when he takes credit for the ceasefire between India and Pakistan that he had absolutely nothing to do with at all. And the people in India are now pissed and they're like, you had nothing to do with this at all. So stop taking credit and stop acting like you could dangle, you know, trade with us. And that that's somehow gonna make us go, oh my God, yes. Please, please, please. We'll do whatever you want. It's like India's a complex economy that has its own other alliances and relationships and has actually been making trade deals over the, you know, for a very long time, but have been speeding up their trade deals recently as well.

2 (1h 9m 38s):
You know, and, and, and this right here, I mean, this message that he's posting is, is utterly deranged. Everybody's known. Vladimir Putin's been crazy forever. And that Vladimir Putin's goal is a complete and total genocide of Ukraine. Wipe it off the face of, of the earth. And that's why you need to have a strong response. And Donald Trump has threatened sanctions against Russia before, sort of, and then doesn't implement them. And so it's like, okay, got it. You're just a liar. You're just a liar with everything. And, and it's all of the things that Trump does, the tariff threats, the, this, the, that he always backs down. He's caveman. He's, he, and this has been his whole life. He gives up unless you buy into his crap and unless his taunts make you scared and then you buy into him, he always backs down.

2 (1h 10m 31s):
If you could be united and confront him. That's just his whole history, his whole life. He is a weak, pathetic, vile piece of trash is, is ultimately, is ultimately who he is. And then, and then Brett and Jordy and Midas mighty, he mixes a post like that. And then like the next post he makes is like his friend that he golfs with. 'cause he can't be bothered golfing, getting attacked by a swan and getting bitten in the balls by a swan. And then Trump post. I always said, golf can be a dangerous sport. My friend being bit at Bedminster. And, and, and, and look, there's a time and a place where, that may be a funny joke, but certainly sandwiched between Putin and sandwich between posts attacking federal judges, that that's not humorous.

2 (1h 11m 20s):
And that platform of the presidency is not a, is not to be clown yourself and the nation. Look, there are times where presidents can be funny. The White House correspondence dinner, which Donald Trump doesn't show up to because he can't take jokes about himself. So he gutted and made it like into the weirdest Kim Jong-un kind of propaganda thing for Donald Trump ever. But there are times where you could, but, but this is not funny behavior. And the rest of the world looks at it like what the hell is absolutely happening. And that kind of brings me to this other story that I think needs to get more attention and we'll certainly cover it here, that Donald Trump just pardoned a corrupt sheriff from Virginia who was found guilty of taking bribes in exchange for law endorsement badges.

2 (1h 12m 6s):
Those who bought the badges used them to drive in emergency lanes bypass TSA lines and for other favors. This was an individual by the name of it was the Epper County Sheriff Scott Jenkins, who's like a full MAGA sheriff. So Donald Trump gives this guy the pardon from Virginia. And if you just look at the DOJ website from two months ago, March 21st, 2025, who was in office guys? March 21st, 2025. This is Trump's DOJ Post I'm reading you Trump's DOJ post Scott Jenkins received over 75,000 in cash payments in exchange for auxiliary deputy sheriff appointments.

2 (1h 12m 53s):
The former sheriff of Culpeper County, Virginia was sentenced today to 10 years in federal prison for accepting 75,000 in bribes in exchange for appointing numerous Northern Virginia businessmen as auxiliary sheriffs within his department. In December, 2024, a jury convicted Scott Jenkins, 53 of Culpeper, Virginia of one count of conspiracy, four counts of honest services fraud, and seven counts of bribery concerning programs receiving federal funds. Scott Jenkins violated his oath of office and the faith, the citizens of Epper County placed in him when he engages in cash for badges scheme acting.

2 (1h 13m 35s):
United States Attorney Zachary T. Lee said, we hold our elected law enforcement officials to a higher standard of conduct. And this case proves that when those officials use their authority for unjust personal enrichment, the Department of Justice will hold them accountable. I'm grateful to the FBI for their tireless work on this investigation. Now here's Donald Trump's post sheriff Scott Jenkins, his wife Patricia and their family have been dragged through hell by a corrupt and weaponized Biden, DOJ. And he goes on to whine more and more and more. You saw what the Trump DOJ said about him in March. You saw what Trump's own DOJ.

2 (1h 14m 16s):
So what Trump's now gonna fire the DOJ people who put out that statement is, is that what's gonna happen next? We'll see, but my prediction is that's what's gonna happen. But what else would you expect from Donald Trump, who's now it's been reported, he's looking to raise $3 billion off of a new crypto venture under the Trump media entity that has only made about $4 million in revenue per year and has lost like hundreds of millions of dollars in in its past year filings. Yeah. The, the Donald Trump who held a crypto meeting and he even like scammed the crypto people, he gave them like the worst, most disgusting looking like rubbery gross steak.

2 (1h 14m 58s):
There was one person who attended this meeting who said, this is an photo, by the way, actual photo for those listening. It's just like agro. This was what you were served you. And then for drinks, you got either one bottle of Trump wine for your table and you know, that's gotta be like old and is my guess, old expired wine to begin with. Or they gave you water. They didn't even serve soda, juice, anything. And they only filled your water cup up once, by the way. And then they had the leaderboard of all the top 220 people who held the Trump crypto. And so $148 million worth of crypto holders were at this event, which Donald Trump's propaganda is Caroline Levitt said, that's his personal time.

2 (1h 15m 45s):
Everybody, that's just his personal time. Let's let the court remember that. But like, I just need to go back to this image of the food for one moment. I've had airplane food that it looks and ta and probably tasted much more appetizing than whatever the heck I'm looking at here. I mean, look at the nastiness of the steak. What even is on, is that a piece of chicken on the right? I-I-I-I-I don't even, like, I can't even quite identify what meat that is. What's the top? Is it is that potatoes? Is that bread, is that polenta? I I, I'm not even quite sure what I'm looking at here. And this is what $148 million gets you. You know, you know, I I I have a lot to say, but I'll just leave it at folks.

2 (1h 16m 31s):
I want to, I want to end this episode by acknowledging one more time what Memorial Day is always about, what it's really about. And it's about honoring our fallen soldiers, our fa, our fallen troops who have made the ultimate sacrifice. You know, our grandfather Murray, who passed away almost 20 years ago at, at this point, was a tail gunner on the B 29. And I remember being at his house in Boca after he retired. And I remember he would share with me all of the stories of his fallen brothers in World War II who gave their life. And I I it left a very important impression on, on me. And throughout everything that we do here at the Midas Touch Network, you know, I, I always think about the work we are putting in and just recognizing that it's nothing in comparison to what people who have fought and died for our country, you know, have done.

2 (1h 17m 26s):
And I, I, I just hope in some small way that what we've built out with this network is able to honor the memory of those who fought for our country and, and fought for our democracy against Nazis, against fascists, against authoritarians. And so, so to everybody on Memorial Day, I just wanna always center us in what this is, is, is what this day really is, is about. So thank you everybody for watching. We appreciate y'all so, so much. Just a quick reminder store dot midas touch.com, patreon.com/midas touch Midas Plus dot com. Go check out all of those websites when you can.

2 (1h 18m 10s):
We really appreciate you watching this on Memorial Day Katy fang's YouTube channel. Go and subscribe to it at Katy Fang. Go search for the Katy Fang YouTube show at Katie Fang News at Katy Fang News. Go search for the Katy Fang News Show. Alright, thanks everybody for watching. We'll see you next time on the Midas Touch podcast. Jordy, take it away.

Midas Plus (1h 18m 27s):
Shout out to the Midas my day, The Can't get enough Midas Plus, check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.