
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms. Apply


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to warby parker.com. That's warby parker.com.


This MLB season FanDuel's dinger Tuesday is back, And this year all customers get a profit boost to BET home runs every week. So gear up to go yard all season long on FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 Plus in President Select states opt in required bonus issued is non Withable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply, including any token expiration in max wager amount. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER


10 years from today, Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses. Lisa's taking now with A A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does, and she can finally run with the big dogs and the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are, the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.


Donald Trump has the lowest approval, essentially, of any president in the history of the United States during this time. In the term, the latest Reuters Ipsos poll has his disapproval at 57%. His approval at only 41%. When you get into areas like foreign policy, only 35% approved. And when you dig deeper into other cross tabs regarding the economy, regarding his handling, or I should say abductions of migrants, it's very, very low. Donald Trump is detested and despised in the United States of America. You know, he still holds that 35% of of ultra MAGA people.


But think the rest of Americans see Donald Trump making posts like, like this in the morning, and they're like, what the hell is going on? Everyone Keep oil prices down. I'm watching. You're playing right into the hands of the enemy. Don't do it. Exclamation point to the Department of Energy drill, baby drill. And I mean, now does he think that the Department of Energy actually does drilling? I mean, you know, a America went to war with Israel against Iran. We got very little clarity of what was actually taking place. We got very little clarity about why the director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard previously said that Iran cannot have, was not able to access nuclear materials and was not building any nuclear weapons within the past 90 days.


And all of a sudden that changed and things escalated very quickly. And you have Donald Trump talking about regime change. And you have people on Fox talking about regime change amongst all dictators in the world. And at a time when the United States would normally meet with allies like its NATO allies, it was just Trump and Netanyahu basically going it alone with them. And so over the weekend, the United States hit three sites in Iran. Donald Trump held this bizarre press conference. Usually in these press conferences, you do 'em by yourself as the commander in chief in the White House, Donald Trump did it kind of flanked by JD Vance and Marco Rubio and Pete Hegseth.


And like the three of them looked like the three stooges. Like they didn't know where to stand. You had Vance making like weird faces while Donald Trump was saying strange things like, I'd like to thank God, thank you God. God bless Israel. God bless Middle East, God bless God, God bless the United States. There's a very bizarre, bizarre speech. But he says that the nuclear sites in Iran were totally obliterated when that's not even data that you're able to obtain that soon after the strikes of the nuclear sites, we used B two and bunker busting bombs from the B two to hit these sites.


A lot of the intelligence after said that these sites were badly damaged, but that they were not completely destroyed. And that the uranium, which can be enriched was able to be moved and transferred because Donald Trump kept on choreographing the plan on social media. And through his press statements that Iran was able to move some of the material outside of the facilities. We still need to understand what the hell happened, but we know that the Trump regime will lie about everything. And then on Monday, we had Iran's kind of choreographed retaliation where they shot missiles at United States Air Force base in Qatar and didn't kill anybody.


Fortunately, didn't really cause any significant or massive damage as far as we know at this point. You have the foreign Minister of Iran meeting with Putin. You have the Chinese foreign minister basically calling for normalcy in the world. That's, you have China acting like they're the moral authority right now. That's kind of where the United States has, has sunk. And you have America's traditional allies kind of wanting to be at America's side, but not really knowing what it should be doing in a situation like this. And Meanwhile, you have things escalating and Ukraine as Russia continues to unlawfully attack or, or continues to invade Ukraine and kill innocent civilians.


Let's bring in Brett and Jordy. We have a lot, a lot to discuss. We covered breaking news when the attacks happen live. We've been covering all, we've been doing a lot of live coverage of when the US attacked the military bases in Iran. When Israel struck Iran, the retaliation by Iran. We've been following it all. There's certainly been no shortage of news this weekend. It's a atypical weekend in Trump's America. I mean, we got terrorists threats back the country on, on a heightened terror alert here at home. We've got new Middle East wars, we have a housing crisis here. A collapsing job market feels like Bush Amer Bush's America is back, folks, that's, that's the vibes that I am getting right now here.


And Donald Trump just blurting it out yesterday saying that this is about regime change, endorsing the idea of regime change in Iran. This has just escalated so quickly. And we went from a point where the DNI, Tulsi Gabbard months ago was saying that there was zero evidence that Iran had been ramping up any sort of nuclear weapons program whatsoever to all the sudden this urgency that we have to bomb them now, we have to bomb them this second, this second. And it just, the whole thing just doesn't pass the sniff test to me. And listen, I think we could all agree here that Iran should not have nuclear weapons that they should be using in other countries. And I think we could all agree that we do not like the oppressive regime in Iran, but I think we also do not want the US to be embroiled in another Middle East War.


Another one of these regime change wars. I've had these my entire life growing up as a millennial in the United States. It was just war after war after war. And we got into these wars based on people lying to us. And it feels awfully like that right now. And so I don't know why you would ever take Donald Trump at his word now when he's been a proven liar in every other respect. And when the other folks who have seen our intelligence, like the Democrats on the intelligence committees and whatnot, have said, we haven't seen any intelligence that there was any urgent matter here whatsoever for Donald Trump to take the actions that he's taking. And so I think you could balance all those perspectives, have a nuanced point of view here, and realize that Donald Trump, you know, did this in a very unhinged manner.


I think he made the world less safe. I think he certainly made the United States less safe. And you know, and now we're seeing that sort of dance back and forth between Iran and the United States. Something else that doesn't quite pass the sniff test to me is the Iran retaliation of it all. I mean, we're getting reports that they gave Trump the heads up that they were gonna attack. They gave Qatar the heads up that they were going to attack. It's clear that they felt a need to have some sort of response that they considered proportional, that they could then go to their people and say, Hey, look, we did it. We got back at them. Trump, by the way, kind of did the same thing to them. I mean, he, he targeted this facility. They had moved all their stuff out already. They moved all, all their nuclear stuff out of the facility.


They moved all their employees outta the facility. And from what we know, we don't even know how much damage was actually done to a facility like Forea, which was the the biggest hi highest level target. We've seen the Trump administration, we've seen even people like JD Vance, top military officials really kind of softening their language other than Trump, who continues to double down, but softening their language about whether or not this facility was actually totally obliterated. So it's kind of seeming like the mission kind of achieved very little, ultimately at the end of the day caused more chaos. And it's just another thing, you know, if you had to kind of say, what has been the pattern of the Trump administration, this Trump administration, and the last one, but this one in particular since day one, I think one word you could use to describe it is chaos.


Chaos in all respects. And I think that's why you're seeing Donald Trump's approval rating, you know, continue to crater. People are feeling the chaos out there everywhere. Whether it's with prices, whether it's with U-S-A-I-D, whether it's with Doge, no matter where you look in this administration, it's just chaos, chaos, chaos, chaos, chaos. We're gonna continue to get into all the details, everything that's going on here. But I do wanna pass it over to Jordy. Jordy, how you doing? Well, I'm doing all right. I guess all things considered, but yeah, word of tonight's show is chaos. What we're seeing here is chaotic. What we've seen throughout this entire, entire Trump regime has been chaos. The way he's manipulated the stock market, the way tariffs have totally thrown small businesses for loops, the way he's getting us into war.


Again, this is another failed campaign promise. Remember what he campaigned on? He said, if President Biden, if Biden gets elected you there, there'll be forever wars. What actually happened? It wasn't flawless, but Biden got the troops out of Afghanistan, something presidents for generations have failed to actually do. President Biden did it. And you know, part of the reason why it wasn't AF flawless execution was actually because of Donald Trump's dealings from his previous administration. So now, where do we sit right now? Well, the US is embroiled in another global conflict. We're getting thrown into these wars, and it's all on Donald Trump and this Trump regime that just throws the United States and the United States of America into chaos, day in and day out.


And it's costing people's lives. It truly is. Ben, I'm reminded by this post from November, 2013, and I can find you dozens that are just like this. When Donald Trump posted, remember that I predicted a long time ago that President Obama will attack Iran because of his inability to negotiate properly, not skilled? Well, former President Obama actually negotiated a deal with Iran, where Iran reduced the uranium that it had, where Iran was constantly being supervised by international bodies.


And we were actually in a situation where, by all accounts, it seemed like they were moving away from any conversion of the uranium into a, a weaponized grade version of the uranium. Donald Trump during his first administration, pulled the United States out of that deal. You know, that's kind of a common theme with Donald Trump during this regime. He pulled the United States out of the U-S-M-C-A, the United States, Mexico and Canada Agreement, which was basically a plagiarized version of NAFTA with a few updates in upgrades based on the fact that NAFTA was introduced in the mid 1990s.


And the U-S-M-C-A was introduced in 2018 ish, 20 17, 20 18. But that was Trump's deal. Trump broke that deal. Trump broke the deal that he negotiated with Japan. Donald Trump broke trilateral agreements throughout the country. I mean, throughout the world. He's broken major trade agreements. He's pulled the United States out of international bodies. He creates the problems, he creates the chaos, and then he tries to pretend that he's fixing it, but he's actually making things worse. And then he wants to, you know, ultimately, you know, to take credit for these things. You know, look, it's clear to me that Iran's military is no match anywhere close to the United States, to use the word obliterated accurately.


If Iran went to war with the United States, Iran would, Iran's army would get obliterated. The United States would take a lot of casualties, especially if we put troops in the heart of like Tehran. But Iran would stand no chance if there was like a mil, a conventional military battle. So I, I don't foresee that something that would ever happen. But, but play out the different scenarios right now. So right now, let's just assume nothing else happens. You have the Iranian foreign minister meeting with Putin. Why would Iran right now, based on what they saw, come to the negotiating table? I mean, don't you think what they would probably do more likely now is try to accelerate a nuclear program, if, if anything, and try to utilize the help of a Russia or China and a North Korea?


And you, you gotta remember, 'cause Trump has no clue of the geopolitical maneuverings that are happening here, right? Iran has a defense pact with Russia, right? So as Donald Trump is sucking up to Putin, Iran has the deal with Putin. Iran provides Putin with the drones that are being used to attack and kill the innocent Ukrainians in Kyiv and other cities. So Putin's incentivized to help Iran. China gets its oil, a large portion of its oil from Iran. So China wouldn't do anything overt, but China behind the scenes could be helping out Iran.


They have a vested interest in keeping the Iranian regime friendly to China. And then if you use the language of regime change, which to me should also be framed as, okay, you mean civil war in Iran, what do you think the likely result is gonna happen? I don't really think the people of Iran, by and large love being ruled by a tyrannical ayatollah. I don't think so. But as between one set of potential rulers and a handpicked ruler by Donald Trump and Benjamin Netanyahu, you could call me naive, but I just don't think that in Iran they're gonna want a Netanyahu pick to be the person who runs Iran.


So you play that out regime change, what does that mean? I think a massive and bloody civil war that destabilizes the region significantly. So my view is out of all of this, what have we actually accomplished? What have we achieved now for Donald Trump? It was the photo op. That's what he wanted to achieve. I think with all of the other things going on, and Brett and Jordy, you did a good job listing it. Disastrous trade wars against the world. Prices are going up, unemployment is going up, housing is less affordable. He's not able to negotiate any peace between Ukraine and Russia like he promised would happen in 24 hours.


The Epstein files are being covered up. The no kings protests, millions of Americans are showing up to protest. The Trump regime Trump's ice raids are deeply unpopular, as you saw from the outset of the show. His polls are as bad as anyone you know at this time has been, it's the lowest. His polling has been under that Reuters Ipsos poll as as well. You know, as, as you have all of that going on, inflation is going up as you have all of that. To me, he wanted to be, you know, in the situation room with the MAGA hat, you know, doing the, doing the tough guy face, you know, while he bombs around at the, but ha, what, what did we accomplished?


What has this made us safer? Or is this yet another, another problem that has been created where we learn now four to six months from now that Iran has a nuclear weapon, or that it has furthered Iran's ambitions to, to, to work more closely with Putin and China. What type of message does this send with China? Do, do you think that this projects strength to China? Because Trump had to call and begged China to call Iran, not to close the strait of Ous because Trump was panicking that oil prices were going so high.


So he asked Xi Jinping to call up Iran and say, keep the strait of ous open. So you think that makes America look strong in the world? And when Donald Trump's making, like, like this was a post he made this morning about Medvedev. And by the way, if you know anything about Russian politics right now, the former Prime Minister and President Medvedev does not speak for Russia. Like he, it, it's, it's, he's kind of like a troll medvedev online, you know, so what Medvedev says, I I'm pretty sure he just drunk tweets honestly, all day. I I wouldn't take it as official Russian policy, which Donald Trump does. And here's, and, and just like, look at this, this is a cra like, like we have to just ex like look at this and say, this is a crazy thing for any human being to post, yet alone, the president of the United States.


And, you know, I guess, you know, corporate news, just like this is Donald. He's being Donald. I mean, here's what it said. Did I, this is what Trump wrote in a post at 8:27 AM in the morning. Did I hear former president, med dev from Russia casually throwing around the N word nuclear exclamation point and saying that he and other countries would supply nuclear warheads to Iran? Did he really say that? Or is it just a figment of my imagination? If he did say that? And if confirmed, please let me know immediately. The n word should not be treated so casually. I guess that's why Putin's the boss. By the way, if anyone thinks our hardware was great over the weekend, far and away, the strongest and best equipment we have 20 years advanced over the pack is our nuclear submarines.


They're the most powerful and lethal weapons ever built. And just launched the 30 tomahawks, all 30 hit their mark perfectly. So in addition to our great fighter pilots, thank you to the captain and crew exclamation point. I mean, he is talking about the N word and then he says, oh, I, I mean nuclear by that. That's what I mean. Did you just say that? And can I just show Brett and JI study also and Julia Davis from the Daily Beach should get a shout out to from Russian monitors. 'cause she does a great job. Oh, she does an amazing, incredible, incredible, and and a lot of my research derives from her great work. So I want to give her credit where credit is due, but we monitor what they say in on Russian state regime tv.


And so do, do you think they view Donald Trump as as strong and powerful? Let me show you what's going on day and night on Russian tv. We'll just play the first clip first, then we'll do the second one. But let's play the first One. Now let's look at the body language. Trump left the G seven fleeing as if he'd been hit with a dusty sack. If I didn't know his personal history that he hasn't drunk all his life, I'd have the full impression that he was drunk. He was in a groggy state. Here's another one, right? These are, these are translated by the way, just so everybody knows. Ai, ai, ai translations from their original Russian here, play this clip. C states, Trump will make a serious speed. Trump comes out and says, I have decided in the lawn of the White House, I am placing two flagpoles on the left and right.


They are wonderful, beautiful flagpoles with a cable inside for raising the flag. I already explained this, explained, I mean, he was really telling it is a great honor for me to announce and always that's all that I will install. Two beautiful flagpoles on both sides of the White House on the north and south lawns. This Is the only order of Trump that will be Fulfilled. Yes, I it's really like, now wait, wait, is this serious? The people, everyone is waiting. So what you are probably referring to the fact that you're going to bomb Iran. Now what?


Flagpoles, but such astonished journalists ask him, Frederick, wait, what are you talking about? Now? That's how they view him in Russia. Brett, by the way, can we pull up these photos for a second? Let's show the situation room photos that, you know, we were saying that Trump probably did most of this for the photo op and you know, have this big tough guy moment. And so you know, that he wanted to kind of emulate that Obama taking out Bin Laden moment. Like that was probably his dream. And so he, they released the photos probably thinking that that would be the reaction that they would get. And I just gotta say, and apologies to those just listening on audio right now, but we'll do our best to describe 'em.


But these situation room photos are like the worst, right? Like we could all agree that nobody looks great in, in any of these photos here. And they look nervous, they look scared. The photo composition isn't even good from like a photography kind of angle. Trump looks ridiculous. Vance looks ridiculous here. You see, like, as you just go through all the various pictures right here, I just don't quite think that they got that Obama photo that they were really hoping for here. And I just think, you know, Trump wants to have this kind of notion of, you know, that kind of support of a wartime president, have people kind of rally behind him on this stuff. But I really feel like, and you know, this was something that I think a lot of people thought that Trump felt like, you know, people are exhausted by these wars.


People are exhausted by the United States getting involved in every little thing. And so Trump's rush to get involved in this and to do these actions that he did over the weekend to do these bombings, to me, I actually, I don't think that it plays well with the American public at large. And I think that's why you're seeing the splintering within MAGA itself. Because even when you look at the polling, do you think the United States should be at war with Iran? It's like no polling I've ever seen in in recent times. 84%, 84%, 84%, yes. 5% no. And then the rest I think undecided or, or, or didn't answer the question, 84% do not want the US to be in war with I, yes. Do not want to be, do not want the US to be and only like four.


I gotta talk to those four or 5% to go, yes, we want war with I I think, I think Lindsey Graham is the 4% I think. I think that's, that's who it is. But, but the, the American people don't want this. Most of MAGA doesn't even want this. And so I think it adds to what I was saying earlier, it adds to this image of a White House in chaos of a nation, in chaos, of an administration, of a regime in chaos. It doesn't instill confidence, I think, in this administration, in this regime, what they are doing here. And I think it just adds to a long list of just horrific moves that they've done here. Absolutely. Brett, can you please bring up those photos one more time? And again, I apologize to the audio listeners, but please check out YouTube and look at these photos.


So it looks like I I, you know, my background is in marketing. Okay, that's, we're we're good. We're good there. My background was in marketing and I used to do photo shoots for brands and things like that. What we're looking at when you see those photos, they were, how do I explain it? They're doing their best impression to look serious. Brett, let's cycle through those photos one more time. Actually. Let, let's cycle through them. They're like, make serious faces here guys. Everyone look like they're working hard. 'cause the, I mean, it's an absolute clown show. Trump wearing his maga hat, like he, again, he thought this was his Obama moment, but it's, it's an absolute clown show that they put on Dane and all of them from Hegseth to Rubio to Vance.


They, they all look like absolute clowns. And this is what the American people, we, we don't want this. No Americans want this type of chaos. What makes leaders great is having a steady hand on the wheel. Not these weirdo photo ops not getting us into forever wars for the sake of, I dunno, war mongering. That's not what the American people actually want. And when you see those polls, the proof is in the pudding. Nobody wants war. What are we doing here? And Donald Trump, just for what to have this weird photo op for his own legacy is, is is doing this to put once again his fingerprints on, on, on, on, on history to do this, to put American lives at risk.


Say what you want about former President Biden. Yeah, I think he did a pretty damn good job. I think he was a steady hand on the wheel. I think I I I, I think he tried to find ways to make sure wars didn't happen. And now look what we have out of Donald Trump. A complete unhinged maniac that we have chaos day in and day out from every day in this country. I think every president in my lifetime, maybe safe for Joe Biden actually, you know, got into wars and Joe Biden somehow was just destroyed by people because he just helped our allies out when they were being attacked. And I think that that whole framing to me always really bothered me.


But I think in these moments, people are looking for leaders to step up with a moral clarity. You know, not a whole tested response to how should I act to this moment in time, but how do I feel in this moment, this, what is my, what are my consistent beliefs when it comes to these things? And so I thought there was a really interesting moment that took place over the weekend where these attacks took place and Bernie Sanders was in the middle of one of his rallies, his fighting oligarch rallies. And there was this great moment where he reacted in real time to this incident to Donald Trump striking Iran. Now I wanna show you this moment. We're gonna go to a quick commercial break in a second, but I really want you to see this.


So stick around, you know, Brett, yeah, I want to say this though because I, when you talk about leaders with moral clarity, Charlie Angus, member of former member of Canadian Parliament, who, and then we're gonna be doing a lot more stuff with Charlie. I've been talking to him about kind of expanding his presence here on the Midas Touch Network. So to give a shout out to Charlie and also the Prime Minister of Canada, Mark Carney, we're gonna be dropping a Carney emoji and we're going to be dropping a Charlie Angus emoji right here. One of the things we're trying to encourage is more memberships on our YouTube page right here, because it helps grow our platform.


We've grown, last week we hit over 5 million Subscribe Meidas with zero outside investors. So you can gift memberships to people. You know, we try to make it fun. And one of the things we had do now is we have some extra exclusive content from members on the YouTube site, but also we have these emojis and if we hit 400 memberships on this episode, we will unlock the Prime Minister Kearney and the Charlie Angus emoji for our Canadian series. We already have the the Elbows up. So I just wanted to say that. And a reminder, everybody, check out midas plus.com and store dot midas touch.com as well. Sorry for interrupting you Brett, but I wanted to get into the emojis.


Let's take a quick break and we will be right back.


MNBC presents a new original podcast, the Best People with Nicole Wallace. Each week Nicole speaks with some of the people who inspire her the most This week hosts of the Midas Touch Podcast, the MICUs Brothers. I think just speaking truthfully on on these issues and leading with humanity over gamified politics, both sides. To me that's the Midas way. The best people with Nicole Wallace. Listen now wherever you get your podcasts,


Struggling to stay focused. I serve from staring at screens all day, then listen up because the ReMarkable Paper Pro might just be the productivity upgrade you've been waiting for. So what's a paper tablet? It's everything you love about paper, the feel, the freedom, the focus, but supercharged with digital features. The all new ReMarkable Paper Pro is their third generation paper tablet. It's thin, sleek, and feels just like writing on real paper, but it also converts handwriting into text Includes a built-in reading light productivity templates and more. Here's my ReMarkable pro. It's honestly made note taking fun for me. I mean, look at that. How cool is that right there? And as someone who's not the most organized, it's great knowing that all my notes are saved and I could always access them easily. And here's the best part, no social media, no inbox, no distractions, just pure focus. Whether I'm in meetings or brainstorming ideas, this device keeps me in the zone and it's made from premium materials with a gorgeous 11.8 inch display and a two week battery life. Try it risk-free for 100 days. If it's not a game changer, you get your money back, get your paper tablet at ReMarkable dot com today, that's ReMarkable dot com.


Delete Me, makes it easy, quick, and safe to remove your personal data online at a time when surveillance and data breaches are common enough to make everyone vulnerable. As someone with a public profile and active digital presence, I know just how unsettling it is to realize your address, phone number, or even family members' names are floating around on dozens, sometimes hundreds of data broker sites without your permission, that's why I signed up for Delete Me. Delete Me. Does all the hard work of wiping you and your family's personal information from data broker websites, you simply let them know what information you want removed and their privacy experts take care of the rest. They even send personalized reports so you can see what they found and what they've successfully removed. And it's not a one and done deal. Delete Me, keeps working, monitoring and cleaning up your data regularly. Take control of your data and keep your private life private by signing up for Delete Me. Now at a special discount for our listeners. Get 20% off your Delete Me Plan when you go to join Delete Me dot com slash midas and use promo code Midas at checkout. The only way to get 20% off is to go to join Delete Me dot com slash midas and enter code Midas M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout. That's join Delete Me dot com slash midas code Midas. Let's go.


Shout out to our sponsors links in description, both the YouTube and the audio. Use the links, use the codes. If there's an exit survey, let them know we sent you. It really helps. Definitely check out the best people. Nicole Wallace and the brothers episode, that was really cool. It was awesome to appear on her show. Nicole's fabulous. She also has the YouTube version up now as well on her on the, on the YouTube channel. So check that out. Let's make it one of her most listened to and watched interviews. Brothers, what do we think about that? I think the Midas mighty could get, could get, can get that done. And Benji, it looked like while we were at our break, we got a lot of memberships. So I think we're maybe like two 50 memberships away now from unlocking the Angus Carney emoji.


I'm trying to keep track as best as possible. Mods, please help keep me honest. It feels like it's the two 50 range. Got a lot during that break. Keep it up. Gift the memberships, the folks, it really helps. We're independent network here. No outside investors. And like Ben said, it's a cool way to unlock emojis. And you get special cool unlockable membership only videos. Benji, where to next? Brett was talking about that moment during Senator Bernie spenders fight the oligarchy speech where Senator Sanders learned that the United States had struck those sites in Iran. And without hesitation, you know, Bernie Sanders kind of just connects with the crowd.


I wanna show that moment. Let's play it. This is a statement statement from Donald Trump. Quote, we have completed our very successful attack on the three nuclear sites in Iran, et cetera.


I agree and I wanna tell you something, not only is this news that I've just heard this second alarming that all of you have just heard, but it is so grossly unconstitutional. All of you know that the only entity that can take this country to war is the US Congress. The President does not have the right. So I wanna share, and one of the things I wanna share though, is how connected Bernie Sanders I think is to the audience, to the crowd, to this moment right now.


We to to the people. And you know, I just, when I was interviewing Senator Sanders, he said to me that the most important issues are often the issues that are least discussed. You know, in addition to the fact that Americans don't like war, they don't like never ending war. You know, there are the issues that we try to bring up time and time again here on the Midas Touch network. And we try to, we have to address what's happening of course, you know, in the Middle East. But we also don't wanna forget that there is a disastrous budget bill that's working its way through Congress that's currently with the Senate who's making the bill. Even worse, it's gonna take off 15 million Americans from Medicaid and from their healthcare.


You know, that's why we refer to it as a murder bill because it's gonna kill people. It's taking away food stamps from people. It's taking away housing assistance from people. Brett did a great report on how it is selling 250 million acres of federal land to Donald Trump's billionaire buddies who are also getting massive tax cuts. The billionaires are getting trillions in tax cuts, which they could probably then go along and then buy the $250 million in federal lands, you know, to have gen, you know, to have it for their future generations where, you know, just the regular folks are ge are getting screwed. You know, Donald Trump came in, he said he was gonna lower prices and end the war in Ukraine in 24 hours.


He said that housing would be more affordable, that that was the message that was out there. And now it is trade wars against the world. Now it is a war that could have been resolved in the Middle East through diplomacy. Let me just ask you, what are the objectives when it comes to Iran? What were the objectives? Was the objective regime change? 'cause Trump had said that was the object, was the objective Denuclearization was, was that the objective? Was the objective a ceasefire after Israel attacked certain Iranian sites?


What, what, what, what was the objective? Because as I'm sure you know now, Donald Trump posted on his social media platform that there's a ceasefire after saying that he didn't want a ceasefire, but now he says that there's a ceasefire. Okay, so, so re read this message with me and, and let's determine what the hell is happening here. He puts this in caps, congratulations to everyone. It has been fully agreed by and between Israel and Iran, that there will be a complete and total ceasefire. And approximately six hours from now in Israel and Iran have wound down and completed their in progress final missions. First off, what the hell does that even mean?


For 12 hours? At which point the war will be considered ended. Exclamation point officially, Iran will start the ceasefire, and upon the 12th hour, Israel will start the ceasefire. And upon the 24th hour, an official end to the 12 day war will be saluted by the the world. What a weird way to phrase that. During each ceasefire, the other side will remain peaceful and respectful on the assumption that everything's works as it should, which it will. I would like to congratulate both countries, Israel and Iran, on having the stamina, courage, and intelligence to end what should be called the 12 Day War. This is a war that could have gone on for years and destroyed the entire Middle East, but it didn't and never will.


God bless Israel. God bless Iran, God bless the Middle East, God bless the United States of America and God bless the world, Donald J Trump. So I'm just trying to understand what happened is Iran denuclearized now say, is that WWW was that the objective? Because notably absent from that statement is that, so did we just have 12 days of war in the Middle East where Iran is now going to accelerate it's nuclear program and not ever enter into any type of nuclear deal? Because 12 days ago there was supposed to be the sixth round of negotiation on a Sunday between the United States and Iran that Donald Trump said was gonna be very, very, very successful.


So I'm just trying to, I'm just trying to understand, were the objectives achieved? What were the objectives? What is going on? How does this impact Ukraine? How does this impact, how does this impact Americans? Because you know what, it sure feels like, it sure feels like when Donald Trump declares a trade war against the world, and then as the stocks are tanking and things are looking horrible, he does a taco. And then he said, oh, we, we gotta do a deal. We gotta do a deal, we gotta do something. And then enters into some short term thing, which results in the market's doing great. He gets his headlines on Fox four Day, this was so brilliant.


Could you imagine what a great strategy this was a problem that he created, but it every day chips away and makes American weaker when you're not rooted in what the hell is your objective? What are, are you so thirsty for a deal that you have to make, deal, deal, deal, deal. I gotta make a deal, I gotta do, did I do a deal? Did I do a deal? And how, how is this helping? How is this helping Americans? How, how would, how is this helping us, Brett and Jordy? Yeah. Hey, I'm always going to say I'm happy when there's a cease of fire between two countries. I'm always happy when people aren't killing each other. I'll, I'll start right there, right? And we'll see what happens here. I mean, there's still bombing happening as we speak.


You know, there's, there's bombs over toran, there's, there's bombing campaigns happening right now. So we'll see where this all settles. But you're right. I mean, at the end of the day, if you're going to go into a war, if you're going to become embroiled in a conflict, then what are the objectives of those conflict? We haven't heard anything about any of this, right? We haven't heard what is supposed to happen. We haven't heard what they actually want. And all we know now is that Iran was able to get, I guess all of its nuclear stuff out of this facility outta this fordo facility and move it to a safe place before Trump attacked it. And that we didn't actually do any real damage here. And people's lives were put at risk in the interim. And now the world's on heightened terror alerts and people are at risks.


So I I I just don't quite understand what we achieved. I agree. It's a very much like a taco kind of statement right here. Very much like a, you know, like a fake deal that Trump now wants to spike the football and take credit for. But we'll see how it develops. You know, I'm not gonna rush to a, there's no reason I think to rush to a judgment on, on anything here, right? At the end of the day, you know, I, I value human life. I value peace, and hopefully we see that happen. Absolutely. And I, I I just wanna say this like, you, you can't trust the guy as far as you could throw him. So just because he puts out this true social post, I mean, it's, he, how many times have we seen this right? And then we're right back to where we started from. So Yeah. Every time. Yeah, literally how many times?


Every time. Literally every time. Exactly. So I'm, I'm not holding my breath on this one, Benji. And my hope to your point is I'll tell you what would be a great scenario, great scenario is Iran is fully denuclearized. There's no war in the Middle East. We can now also focus on a ceasefire in Gaza, which would be nice after all the senseless death and bloodshed that we're seeing of women and children over there, because that's something that everyone's been distracted from as well. And I think it's been intentionally d done in that way.


I I, I'd like to see there be generally peace in the Middle East. I'd like to see there be a ceasefire between Ukraine and Russia. I mean, that, that was the war, you know what I mean? Like, like the war that Trump was supposed to fix is not the one that he helped create. Although by being weak to Putin, Trump was largely responsible for emboldening Putin in general. But you know, on, on this one, when it comes to Iran io, when it's Donald Trump, you can say trust, but verify. 'cause you can't trust. All you have to do is independently verify. And anytime he puts out a statement, especially while bombs are still going off in Tehran, you have to be, you know, very, very skeptical, skeptical about it.


And just to show you the lack of kind of geopolitical understanding that's taking place here is you have general Keith Kellogg, who was Donald Trump's first. He was supposed to be Trump's like lead envoy to Russia and Ukraine. And then I think he got stripped of the title of Envoy to Russia. And then Trump had that guy, Steve Whitcoff, who's the real estate guy in New York, who wasn't like, who didn't have any foreign intelligence experience. Witkoff became the kind of main liaison between the United States and and Russia. But here, over the past, what, last week, three or four days ago, you had Keith Kellogg, former US General again, one of the main reps of the US and Ukraine, smile and hugging the Belarus dictator and Putin puppet Lukashenko.


Here play this clip My friend. This is Somewhere Media face. So then they go and they sit down to meet together in a room that it looks like Mar-a-Lago like it is as gaudy. It looks like the fake gold bordello that Trump has turned the Oval Office into. And Kellogg goes to Lukashenko. This looks like Mar-a-Lago here, watch this With all the gold here.


This looks a lot like Mar-a-Lago. It does. President Trump's, yeah, That's such a, it's like a us is like a satellite of Russia is what that looks like, right? Like, like we have our guy there praising the, the room in Belarus of the gold on the wall and saying it looks like Mar-a-Lago. And Meanwhile you had Trump sending emails like this this weekend, this, this was the emails that Trump was selling to people on his listserv or sending before the 4th of July comes, I wanted you to have these. Then you open it up, Trump signature golf balls.


I sign collectible golf balls for you. But we'll only have a few of these left in stock. So if you want them, you've got to order before midnight order. What? Why are you selling golf balls freaking president of the United States? What are you selling golf balls for? What, what in the, what in the world is going on there? When, when we come back, I want to talk about some issues on the home front. I want to talk about a Supreme Court ruling, which basically saying now in a six to three decision, the right wing Supreme Court is allowing Donald Trump to continue to send migrants to countries where they're not from like Sudan and Libya and wherever.


It's a horrible ruling, but it uses the framework that the Supreme Court's been using, which is as a procedural maneuver. They stay or pause the federal court rulings, which block Trump from doing that. 'cause they rush to Trump's aid to say, well, let's just let these cases work their way through trial. The problem is by then you've sent all of these migrants to Libya, Sudan, and El Salvador. So a horrible ruling there by the Supreme Court. We'll talk about that. We'll talk about some other developments on the home front and, and a few other things. Of course, I wanna remind everybody, we are probably about to drop those emojis 'cause we're about to hit the memberships that are needed.


A Prime Minister, Mark Carney of Canada emoji and also a Charlie Angus emoji. We are about a hundred. I'll have to look. We're at around a hundred memberships away. So become a member gift memberships to others. You could gift unlimited amounts of membership. You could gift memberships to all 5 million. Subscribe Meidas if you want. I you don't have to do that, but you can give memberships to everybody. And we've grown without outside investors. So it's just one of the ways we try to grow this network. All right, let's take our last quick break of the show. We will be right back.


Look, starting a new business can be intimidating. I get it. Midas Touch Network was not built overnight. You need the tools to help you engage in the day-to-day tasks, the growth. And so it's why we use Shopify. It made things easy for us. And I think you should use Shopify too. So Shopify is a commerce platform. It is the commerce platform behind millions of businesses around the world, and 10% of all e-commerce in the United States. From household names like Mattel and Gym Shark to brands like the Midas Touch Network get started with your own design studio with hundreds of ready to use templates. Shopify helps you build a beautiful online store to match your brand style, accelerate your content creation. Shopify is packed with helpful AI tools that write product descriptions, page headlines, and even enhance your product photography. Get the word out like you have a marketing team behind you, even if you don't easily create email and social media campaigns, wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling to the Midas Touch Network. And best yet, Shopify is your commerce expert. And with its world class expertise and everything from managing inventory to international shipping, to processing returns and beyond, you can count on Shopify. If you're ready to sell, you are ready for Shopify. So turn your big business idea into boom, boom, boom with Shopify on your side. Sign up for your $1 per month trial and start selling today at Shopify dot com slash midas. Go to Shopify dot com slash midas one more time. That's Shopify dot com slash midas.


This show is sponsored by Better Help. It's okay to struggle. Real strength comes from opening up about what you're carrying and doing something about it so you can be at your best for yourself and everyone in your life. Now I've personally benefited from therapy. It's helpful for learning positive coping skills and how to set boundaries. It empowers you to be the best version of yourself. And it isn't just for those who've experienced major trauma. With over 35,000 therapists, better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform having served over 5 million people globally. And it works with an app store rating of 4.9 out of five based on over 1.7 million client reviews. It's convenient too. You can join a session with a therapist at the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life. Plus switch therapists at any time as the largest online therapy provider in the world. Better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Talk it out with Better Help. Our listeners get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash midas. That's better help HEL p.com/midas.


Shout out to our sponsors links in description of both YouTube and the audio. Use the links, use the codes, let them know we sent you Midas mighty. Y'all never let us down. Brett, drop the Kearney and Angus emojis. We did it. Y'all are the best. I mean, honestly, thank you guys. Every time you guys meet the challenge and, and, and you always excel so greatly appreciate it. Drop those emojis, Benji. Where to next? You know, I think about Donald Trump's post about the ceasefire, and this is a great moment and it kind of sums up Donald Trump with, with, with, with everything. Because when I immediately read it earlier as an American who does not want to see war as an American who does not want to see Iran have nuclear weapons, you, you want to believe that is true.


And so I get filled with these conflicting emotions of feeling, wow, this could be great. But also knowing that this is a felon who is saying it right? It's a sexual abuser. Someone who's found liable for sexual abuse. This is someone who's been found criminally liable, a felon 34 times over for, for fraud. This is someone who's been found civilly liable for lying about all the different numbers of his properties and saying it's this valuation and that valuation. This is a bankrupt. This is a guy who lies about every single thing and then, and he doesn't care about the consequences.


If he can capture that headline, and if you think about it when it comes to, you know, the war in Iran, the headline he wanted, and he wants the photos, the photo of him in the situation room, the word obliterated, which gnet and all the local media starts to use obliterated, exclamation point. And then in the story arc, because Trump's inherently a theater guy, like a TV guy in his story arc. Then all of a sudden you get your immediate peace, that story ends, and then you move on to the sequel or another story. But you close that chapter. That's not the way the real world and, and, and life works.


And using that microcosm, this framework as a microcosm of all the other things that he does, you know, he recognized that Americans, one of the top issues is Americans can't afford homes. Young Americans can't afford homes. So parents have their kids living with them in the basement or in their homes. That creates friction in the household as well. The parents have to work multiple jobs to be able to hold onto their homes. They may be victims of reverse type mortgage scams that they've gotta deal with as well in order to afford groceries. So Trump recognized that. I think that you have, you know, people who have these problems and have it, and, and, and by and large, most Americans can't afford homes.


Inflation's a real big issue to Americans. And so when you promise people these things and you look 'em in the eyes and you say you're going to do it, and people are suffering and they're having these issues and they're living paycheck to paycheck and you know, anybody who's got an injury and you have to work your way through our existing healthcare system, you know, even with the Affordable Care Act, I mean it's, it's, it's a nightmare to try to get surgeries, you know, that, that, that you need and to get affordable medicine. And it's, it's, it's, these are all difficult and complicated issues and Trump just knows how to prey on that. And, you know, his trade war against the world and the promises he made, wouldn't it?


We all hate the IRS who likes the IRS, who's like, I love the IRS. So Trump tells you we're gonna get rid of the IRS, we are gonna do the external revenue service 'cause we're gonna get so rich off the tariffs that nobody's gonna have to pay their taxes. It's, it's, it's going, it's going to be great. So you mix, it's a potent formula, it's a potent, you mix the fraud on all of these issues. And then you have your enemy. And your enemy are migrants, they're criminals, they're Hannibal Lecter. They're coming out of insane asylums to kill you.


And I'm trying to get you all of these things I promised, but this group of people, these migrants, they're out there preventing me in, in my marvel fic fictitious world of getting you all of those things. So we've gotta battle the enemy from within while I try to deliver on all of the things that I'm not delivering for you. And while all of that is happening, you have the Mar-a-Lago crew, Trump's billionaire friends who Trump is giving them benefits, personal benefits, you know, and in, in the forms of, you know, massive tax cuts to them, not the rest of us, to the billionaires and, and deca millionaires.


And then Trump enriches himself and enriches his family in the process like that. That's, that's what's going on here. And it's, and it's a vicious cycle because again, Brett and Jordy, you've seen this, like even among a very media literate, savvy audience, the first instinct when you read that is to say, oh, that sounds like a good deal. And then you have to look there. You're like, but wait a minute, Israel's still bombing Tehran. Like, and it looks still pretty bad there. So what kind of ceasefire is this? If you know, if, if it's going down and then Iran comes out with a statement and said, Iran has not received any ceasefire proposal, senior officials say, so then you go back to it.


Is he just making up a fake ceasefire? Because you, you can't possibly fathom that he can make up a false ceasefire. I told someone who will remain anonymous, who, who who works at the company, who, who who said to me, when he read Donald Trump's statement, he said, it sounds like a pretty good deal. And I said to the person who will remain nameless, I said, how could you be so naive? I said, I bet you there's no deal. And the person said to me, what do you, what do you mean there? I go, I bet you there's not even a season. How could that be? 'cause who the hell makes up ceasefire deals? Who the hell makes up fake conversations that don't take place?


But Trump says he speaks to Xi Jinping that that never happened. Trump says he had, he talks to all these people. We have to recognize fundamentally we're actually dealing, and IIII don't want to make light in any way, so please let me try to be very sensitive in this. 'cause I know when words like in he's insane or he's psycho, I, I understand those words could be triggering when I say that. And sometimes I could be in artful in my delivery because it is around a very serious topic. And I also do not want to allow Donald Trump to use a real issue of mental illness to avoid accountability. So I, I just want to preface with what I'm about to say, but this is a guy who walks around talking about Alcatraz and that he and sharks and, and, and he, and he, and he puts these weird props, human beings, as props behind him.


Like last week he had the UUs football team, the soccer team behind him, as he was having conversations about war before that, he put these construction workers and their faces are like, what the hell is he saying? And I think part of the humiliation, ritual he puts people through also is, is part of this. Like, he brings Roger Goodell and the mayor of DC into the Oval Office, ostensibly to talk about DC hosting the NFL draft. So obviously for a DC mayor, that's a good, get to have the NFL in your city. So the mayor wants to be proud of that, you know, for, for Goodell, you know, I guess he wants to stay on the good side of Trump in order to deal with, you know, whatever, you know, the NFL business issues there.


Whatever. I know. And the, and the owners by and large are very Trumpy, but just, this is the, this is who we're dealing with. You're here, play this clip just to remind people, I'm, I wanna make a point about it, but just show this clip from I think May 5th. Let's play it. How did you decide to reopen Alcatraz? Can you walk us through that decision? Did I say what? To reopen? Alcatraz? How will you use it? How did you come up with the idea? Well, I guess I was supposed to be a movie maker. We're talking, we started with the movie Making In Will End. I mean, it, it represents something very strong, very powerful in terms of law and order. Our country needs Law and Order. Alcatraz is, I would say the ultimate, right?


Alcatraz, sing, sing and Alcatraz, the movies. But it's right now a museum, believe it or not, a lot of people go there. It has the most violent criminals in the world. And nobody ever escaped. One person almost got there, but they, as you know, the story, they found his clothing rather badly ripped up. And it was a lot of shark bites. A lot of, I I can go Ben. It's like, what the hell is he even talking about there? Right? And I, I just wanna say, like, we, we could probably do an entire episode going through things that Donald Trump has said over the past few months alone. We could, we could keep it to this term or we could even keep it to the last few months. Things that Donald Trump has said, things that he has dangled in front of the American people.


Things that he's dangled in front of his followers that all of a sudden he just stops talking about at a certain point. When's the last time he heard about this Alcatraz idea, the reopening of Alcatraz? He was very for it. This is, this was his big thing one week, right? This was his shiny keys that he was dangling in front of everybody. What's one of those other things? Remember Fort Knox. Remember Donald Trump every day saying he was gonna find the gold Fort Knox? We're going in there, we're gonna find the gold inside of Fort Knox. That was day in and day out. The guy would not shut up about Fort Knox. Suddenly, that's one away as well. I mean, he just finds these distractions. And it's like every week he kind of targets, what are these things that I could dangle to people to get them to kinda look the other way, to forget that prices are up to forget that the economy is in the toilet.


To forget that we all these wars are still ongoing, that I failed in all these other respects. And so that's what he does. And so, you know, I think it's important that we do reflect that. We do go back and say, you remember that alcaraz shit? That was kind of crazy, right? And remember how we just totally dropped it and remember that Fort Knox thing? 'cause it just shows you what a fraud he is. And also kind of the inner workings of the scam, how the scam is presented. Remember Doge checks? Wow. What happened to those $5,000 Doge checks everyone was gonna receive, right? All the Trump people were super excited about that, right? Oh, doge is a total failure and actually added to the debt and added to the deficit. Oh. Oh, okay. And, and that was just a total bullshit thing. Yeah, it happens over and over and over again. But Trump just goes from one distraction to the next distraction to the next distraction and hopes you forget about the other ones.


Here's what JD Van said a little bit earlier. When they move the goalposts, again, remember what I said before. I said, what are the goals and objectives or the goals and objectives, denuclearization. Okay, well make that case. Explain it to me. What, what's going on? Was the goal regime change? It's pretty severe and serious? Or, or is the goal now that America is content, that the uranium is buried deeper, buried deeper? Is that that that's the new line that they're going with.


Watch what JD Vance said moments ago on Fox. Let's play it. You Said totally obliterated. The president has said totally ob obliterated the Iran nuclear program. Yeah. Do you know for sure where all the highly enriched uranium is? Well, Brett, I think that's actually not the question before us. The question before us is, can Iran enrich the uranium to weapons grade level and can they convert that fuel to a nuclear weapon? And we know based on the success of our mission, of course, the leadership of the president, but the incredible skill of our military that the two mission objectives are completely successful, we know that they cannot build a nuclear weapon. Now, you asked about the highly enriched uranium.


Yeah, like 900 Pounds Of it. What, but what we know, Brett, is that in uranium is something that exists in very large supply. Our goal was to bury the uranium. And I do think the uranium is buried, but our goal was to eliminate the enrichment and eliminate their ability to convert that enriched fuel into a nuclear weapon. I actually just, I think this is an important point, Brett, because so many of the folks who have focused on the highly enriched uranium Sure, 60%, the main focus, Brett, has been to destroy their enrichment capacity, because we don't want that 60% uranium to become 90% in radium. That's the real concern. And that's what was so successful about our mission. The Hell Is he talking about? That's what he's, the whole issue is, is that the uranium can become highly enriched.


And the question is, did you knock out that process? Because your director of National Intelligence said 90 days ago, exactly what Vance just said. Like you could have had Tulsi Gabbard say that word for that. That's what she said 90 days ago, what he just said. And they said something different to justify the attack. So it basically seems that nothing changed and has gotten worse since Obama, by far. And now they're making up fake ceasefires. And you, I, I'll just show you how fraudy they are, you know, and, and one of the humiliation rituals is, you know, Trump will make up these lies, and then he's gotta have people like a Vance or Rubio, like roll with it.


So when Rubio was asked a similar question about the goals and objectives, watch how he responds to it. Here, play this clip. Are you saying there that the United States did not see intelligence that the supreme leader had ordered weaponization? That's irrelevant. I see that question being asked in the medial, that's an irrelevant question they had To build. But that is the point in US intelligence assessments, you know that. No, it's not. Yes, it was. No, it, it's not. The political decision Has not, I know that better than you know that. And I know that that's not the case. Don't asking me whether the order was given, It's a incident. That's literally the whole thing. It's the whole thing. I mean, it's why it's the, the whole predicate for doing this in the first, like, like I, I, I just don't know how, I mean, I, I do know how they have no soul.


I guess they, they have no morals. They have no actual values or anything to stand on here. But in these situations, you need a government that's telling you the truth. You need to understand clear objectives, that people deserve it. Everybody in the world deserves to know what is actually wanted. It's the same thing that happens in these tariff deals. You need to know what both parties want in order to come to a deal. And in this case, if you're constantly moving the goalposts as to what you want or what the actual end game is here, then you're not going to ever land on a deal here. And so it's just gonna be more chaos, constantly going over and over again. And I know Trump likes to create these problems. And then he likes to say that he solved the problems that he created.


But that does not make you a firefighter. That makes you an arsonist. And that's what Donald Trump did in his tariffs. That's what Donald Trump is doing right now in this Iranis Israel situation. It's quite literally what he does everywhere. It's what he does with fema. It's what he does. When there's a hurricane that hits North Carolina, Trump tries to create an issue, and then he tries to find a way to say, I fixed it even after he makes the situation much worse. Do you see the patterns? Do you see the fraud? Because I think we're showing you now beat by beat exactly how that fraud works. Do you know another name for a fake deal? What? Another name for a fake deal is, it's called fraud. Okay. And when a criminal acts like a criminal who is convicted of a business fraud, that shouldn't shock us.


That's what the guy, that's what the guy does. Oh my God. Jeffrey Dahmer murdered more people. That's what he is, what he's, what he does. That's kind of his shtick. That that's, that's what he does. And so Donald Trump, guess what? He made fake deals before he was the president. And guess what? That was called? Fraud. And guess what? That led to bankruptcy. He did it all the time. He did it all the time. He would just lie about things. And the counterparty would be like, what the hell are you doing? What, what are you doing? And he was born with the golden spoon in his mouth. He had a lot of money, a lot of daddy's money to throw around. And that he could, that he could waste.


And he was such a, a insane human being that he would just sue everybody and tie people up in litigation, you know, forever. And then try to use his platform to make people's lives miserable. And then, and then he would move on to the next one and leave a, a trail of suffering behind him. And now, rather than daddy's money, it's Uncle Sam's money, uncle Sam's daddy. And he goes around and he does fake deals, he with uncles with, with his new daddy. And unfortunately, that's our, that's our money. That's taxpayer's money, you know? And, and, and this stuff impacts us all. And it's causing real serious pain and suffering in the United States of America.


It's causing real major problems here in the United States of America that needs to be addressed. And that's what we're gonna take head on here, right? Each and every day. And, you know, we'll do more takes on this Supreme Court ruling. But, you know, the Supreme Court, through its procedural docket, often called the shadow docket, the six to three right wing, they keep on doing the same thing where they stay or pause the lower court rulings. And the lower court federal court ruling blocks trump's unlawful behavior. You'll have judges, you'll have Trump appointed judges, bush appointed judges, Reagan appointed judges, Biden, Obama appointed judges, all of them federal judges, which is the, the, the first level of court.


Then court of Appeals, then Supreme Court, they'll block what Trump is doing. Then it gets to the Supreme Court. And the Supreme Court keeps on granting what are called emergency stays for the Trump administration. 'cause the Supreme Court says, we have to be so deferential to the executive branch. We need to preserve the status quo. And the right wing Supreme Court interprets the status quo as what existed before the district Court made its order where I view the status quo as what happened before Donald Trump violated the law. So based on that, just technical framing of what is the status quo?


Was it when Trump did the unlawful thing, or was it how it existed before the unlawful thing? They are allowing Trump's unlawful things to stay in effect during the pendency of a lawsuit where the real irreparable harm, which is the standard for granting a stay, is not being caused to the Trump regime, Mandarin Mussolini and his, you know, ridiculous Alcatraz behavior. The irreparable harm is being caused to the people like who were involved in this case. So this case was brought by an individual who was sex trafficked, a gay man who was sex trafficked in Guatemala. He then fled to Mexico where he was held for ransom in Mexico.


He then fled to the United States because the gangs in Guatemala found him in Mexico. He fled to the United States. There was a finding, you can't send this guy back to Guatemala. There was no finding yet about Mexico because there was no threat under the Biden administration that they would send him to Mexico. So that issue just hadn't be reached. The Trump regime takes him. They fabricate a false declaration. And how do we know it's a false declaration? Because no one in the DOJ agreed to testify once they were deposed about who wrote this declaration and what was, what was in it. But they were claiming in the fake declaration that this individual, this migrant, claimed he was not afraid to go to Mexico, which was a total lie on that false pretext.


They sent him to Mexico, and then Mexico, I think sent him back to Guatemala, where he was sex trafficked and raped. Okay? So that's what this case is about. And it's about people like him who seek asylum in the us. There are international treaties on this issue as well, against torture because sending people back, right? When MAGA Republicans, they talk about sex trafficking all the time. That's a form of, it's a bad form of torture. So the Supreme Court basically says, we don't know if Trump is gonna win or lose this case, but we are gonna preserve the status quo, which was Trump changing the standards for how you view these transfers, these deportations, I call 'em abductions, but deportations to third countries.


'cause this guy was not from Mexico. Remember, we've heard the stories about people being sent to Sudan, to Sudan, to Libya, to El Salvador and the Supreme Court basically saying with limited notice, as long as there's a notice that is given, and, and there has to be some process. But the idea of third con of of third party a third country transfers is okay for now and we'll have to wait a year or two. What do you think is gonna happen in that year or two? You know, it, it, it is a callous and fascist and despicable court, right?


Led by. And the three liberal justices were like, what the hell are you doing? What the hell is this kind of ruling? And we're seeing lots of rulings like that, procedurally allowing Trump to get by on what he's doing. So that's something that we're going to keep on calling out here at the Midas Touch Network. I wanna remind everybody to check out our podcast. It's on the M-S-N-B-C YouTube and also on audio with Nicole Wallace. I had such an incredible time doing that interview with my brothers. And, and Nicole, you know, there, there are a few reporters who we do those with and she's one of them.


And, and it was great that I got to interview her here. So check out the audio podcast or the video, which you go to the podcast section if you wanna find it quicker on the M-S-N-B-C YouTube. Thanks to everybody who became a member to unlock the Kearney and Angus emojis. I wanna, if you can become a member, even though the emojis have already been locked, gift other memberships to people, if you can, you can gift unlimited memberships to people if you want to, to. And, you know, that's one of the ways we grow this network. So we try to find fun and interesting ways to grow@store.midastouch.com is where you can get all the Midas touch gear.


Midas plus.com is our substack. Brett, anything else you wanna say? No, that's it. You know, thank you everybody for your support. Appreciate your support of this independent platform. Appreciate all the comments we got on the Nicole Wallace interview of it. It went up this morning. I already see such amazing feedback on that interview, so be sure to check it out on, on, on her channel. Be sure to make sure that you add the Midas Touch Podcast on Apple Podcast and Spotify, if you're watching this on YouTube, I want you to go and do that right now. We have a whole lot of people watching that really helps. Let's continue to grow the show. Let's continue to make it the most listened to and downloaded podcast in the United States. And dare I say the world, I'm, I'm so grateful for you. I mean, what we are doing here as a community, I think is just truly special.


We're gonna continue to stay on top of this. As you know, with more updates throughout the day, throughout the week, we certainly know this is not the end of the situation and we obviously do not have the full picture of everything that's going on because we have an administration that lies through their teeth, all the, the way people breathe. And so we're gonna continue to follow that. So make sure you're constantly checking back on the Midas Touch podcast channel on the Midas Touch YouTube channel for more updates as we go. And you know, I'll just leave it there 'cause we got a lot, we got a lot more to report on. And this has been a great episode. We covered a whole lot. So Jordy, why don't you take it away. Shout out to the Midas. My day Can't get enough.


Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.