
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two-factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it, and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms apply.


This podcast is brought to you by Carvana. Customizable, fast, easy, all words Carvana. Customers have used to describe buying and financing their car with Carvana. We wanna make your car financing journey hassle free. Carvana has thousands of affordable cars, transparent pricing, and customizable terms. We do everything in our power to give you the power to find finance and buy the perfect car. Go to carvana.com to finance your car today. Terms may apply.


What makes a great pair of glasses At Warby Parker? It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, smudge resistant, and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to warby parker.com. That's warby parker.com.


The nmb playoffs are here, and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 plus in Impress, in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This podcast is supported by Progressive, a leader in RV insurance. RVs are for sharing adventures with family, friends, and even your pets. So if you bring your cats and dogs along for the ride, you'll want progressive RV insurance. They protect your cats and dogs like family by offering up to $1,000 in optional coverage for vet bills in case of an RV accident, making it a great companion for the responsible pet owner who loves to travel, see progressives, other benefits and more when you quote RV insurance@progressive.com today. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates, pet injury and additional coverage, and subject to Pauls terms.


Hey, Mighty's Mighty. Welcome to episode nine. This is jam packed as always with some of the nation's best healthcare experts, minds, journalists, clinicians, you know, these people are not occupying the highest levels of government. We already know that the federal government does not have the nation's best. So I'm bringing in right here directly to you on Midas Health. Episode nine. We're gonna start with Katherine Eban, investigative reporter on the healthcare beat and science beat for Vanity Fair. She has her new investigative piece out, really detailing the rise of Kali means, who is really the brains behind what's happening at HHS and really operating the Libras behind the scenes.


So Katherine Eban up first, and then we have somebody very familiar to the Mightest mighty Dina Dahl talking to us about the real world impacts what we're seeing when it comes to cuts to the biomedical infrastructure here across the United States. What does this mean for everyday families? How do we talk about it? Because sometimes these cuts aren't being impact, aren't impacting, say, standard of care or the medicines. We can get patients at the bedside immediately, but we're gonna see those impacts over the next, say, three to five years. She's gonna help break that all down. Help us think through how we talk and message on impacts to the government that we may not immediately feel really important topic.


So without further ado, Catherine and then followed with an expansive conversation with Dina Dahl, somebody you know really well, I'm really delighted to have a friend, a dear friend, and an excellent one of the nation's best health journalists. Katherine Yvonne of Vanity Fair. Katherine, thanks for being here. Hey, nice to be with you Ben. Great to be here. Katherine, we're gonna for, for our listeners, we're talking about your recent piece, investigative piece titled The Maha Universe, the subtitle, the Dizzying Rise of Maha Warrior. Cali means RFK Junior's Right Hand man. You know, Katherine, I'm wondering if you can just distill down why you did the piece and, and its key takeaways.


Yeah, sure. So, you know, we have a, a whole new leadership now that is in charge of our public health apparatus. Obviously the most visible person there is RFK Jr. But there are all kinds of people who are in there shaping health policy, making decisions, and you know, people really don't know who they are. So we decided to take a look at Calley Means. Why is he important? Well, he's the one who initially introduced RFK Jr to Trump. He said he had a vision in a sweat lodge that these two men should be connected.


And he went to act on it. He roped in Tucker Carlson. They introduced the two men on the night of the day that Trump there was the attempted assassination against attempt against Trump in Butler, Pennsylvania. And then what happened in short order, Trump becomes president. RFK Jr becomes the nation's Health Secretary. Calley Means becomes a special government employee and the right hand man to RFK Junior. And really more importantly, perhaps the sort of shaper publicly of this thing called Maha Make America healthy again.


So I thought that, you know, by looking at means and sort of his rise, where he'd come from was a way, it was a window into the Maha movement. You know, what its priorities are and you know what its impact potentially could be. Y you know, it's interesting just reading through and everybody should go to vanity fair.com and read this again. We're discussing the dizzying rise of Maha Warrior. Cali means RFK Junior's right hand man with author, investigative reporter on the science and healthcare beat. Captain Yvonne. You know, just in reading it, I was struck by the fact that I, you know, I didn't know Cali means I didn't really know him at all prior to just the last few months.


So his name has started popping up in ways that were unexpected in, in, from a healthcare perspective. I didn't realize he was a former wedding dress entrepreneur. Just, you know, going back to your article, so, you know, really interesting, unusual background to now be advising the nation's top health official. I, you know, you spoke to over 60 experts. I'm curious those that know him well, you know, is it strikes me that there's a fair degree of opportunism. I think Michael, Steve Schmidt, his main mentor, really referred to it as well. It comes out very clearly that opportunism seems like it's something that needs leaned into a lot.


Is that right? I'm just curious what, what you were hearing. Right. Well, I mean, you know, the whole question is, is, so Casey, who is his sister and Calley Means wrote a what turned into a bestselling book called Good Energy, which is about metabolic health. They did this, you know, sort of viral podcast tour Tucker Joe Rogan. And in the course of doing that, you know, and the two became very prominent, you know, very quickly, like within a year. And in the course of doing that, Callie means made a series of statements about really legitimizing why he had a righteous platform to talk about how to reform the nation's health.


And the platform was that he was a lobbyist, a former lobbyist for big soda Coca-Cola, a big food pharma. And he had been inside the room and seen all of this sort of illicit, corrupt dealing between, you know, know how, how the sausage is made, right? Coca-Cola offering money to the NAACP to fight soda taxes and say, any soda restrictions are racist. So I was like, okay, so this guy's a former lobbyist, let me like look into this.


And I started reaching out to former Edelman and Mercury employees. It that's, those are the two places where he could have witnessed what he claims to have witnessed. Those were What he warrant that his prior employers prior To Yeah, yeah. Their PR firms, you know, where presumably he would have seen inside the room. Right? Nothing that he describes, lines up with what these folks told me. You know, that Mercury never represented, Coke never represented the American Beverage Association.


Edelman never represented Coke 'cause they represented Pepsi. They didn't represent the American Beverage Association. They didn't represent any of the coalitions that the American Beverage Association were funding. And in fact, Cali Means was never a registered lobbyist. So I started talking to Steve Schmidt, I think our listeners will remember him as one of the co-founders of the Lincoln Project. Very, you know, a former Republican strategists who really turned against Trumpism and has been very vocal in calling it out. He was Cali means mentor and boss for a long time at Mercury and then helped him get the job at Edelman.


And he's saying now, and you can, he's done a whole substack on my story. He's saying that, you know, what Cali means is claiming never happened. So yeah, why does this matter? Like if a guy potentially invents his credentials to be at the top of health and human services, right? And in fact, he was one of the coordinators, lead coordinators of the, the MAHA Commission report. You know, now the Maha Commission report was recently unrolled with great fanfare.


This was a report that was laying out allegedly with the best, you know, gold science, you know, gold star science, gold standard science, why our children are the sickest in a generation or multiple generations. But then it was uncovered that they were referencing fake citations. It was potentially AI generated scientific citations to justify the claims that it was making, right? So, I mean, you and I know, I mean, what do, what do you build science on, right?


What do you build health policy on? You've gotta build it on the truth. And so what the truth that's, you know, where people like me come in. Well, it's interesting because, you know, in reading through your piece, a few sections really stood out to me to, to help give me a, a, a real sense to the, or insight into who Kaleigh means is. And you, you, you talked about Steve Schmidt emphasizing as his mentor, that he's an opportunist, the fact that he doesn't really have remotely any healthcare credentials, and yet here he is as the chief advisor to RFK. There was two parts that stuck out to me.


The first was when you were talking to, it looks like you were talking to sources at Mercury and Edelman and, you know, quote, the bigger his audience and the more means spoke, the more bewildered his former colleagues and Mercury and Edelmans that they became, as they were called, the largely administrative or means had done Mercury. And the more benign PR he'd been asked, he'd been tasked with at Edelman. And this is in the wake of an episode with Tucker Carlson where he said a bunch of things about the beverage industry. As you had mentioned, that episode was the most shared podcast of 2024, making all these claims.


And then in this you also then quoted a Mercury colleague saying, quote, I tried to scratch my brain and made a few calls to make sure I wasn't going crazy. And this is in reference unquote, and this was in reference to conversations, means is saving he had with these entities that were conspiring to do nefarious things when it came to beverage policy or Coca-Cola doing certain things behind the scenes with the American Diabetes Association. Apparently, and I wanna make sure I'm correct here. His actual colleagues at these firms are saying that in no way, shape or form was he in any of these rooms involved in any of these types of conversations.


But is that correct? That is correct. I mean, that is what they are saying. They are saying didn't happen here, couldn't have happened. Yeah. You know. Well, well, and I want follow up on that. I just wanna confirm that was correct, because then later you say just a few paragraphs later, quote, his early resume obtained by Vanity Fair displays a patient for hyperbole feels connected to this. He just describes a three month White House internship. This really open my eyes here as to who he is, but he describes a three month White House internship at the offices of pre presidential scheduling correspondence at age 19 as follows.


Quote, acted as a liaison between the president and American soldiers in Iraq by analyzing and referring, referring letters, emails, and comments from soldiers directly to the president, unquote. You then go on to say a separate bullet points, point notes that he was, quote, the youngest White House intern selected in 2005, unquote. I get what you mean. There's, you know, so there's a lot of things that people do in government, but that pension to hyperbole seems like a, it was at present at a very young age. You know, I I I should add that, you know, vanity Fair sent Callie five pages, written questions entirely.


Invited him to engage with us, you know, sit down with us. And basically the, the two responses from him that we got, that we put in the piece is that, you know, he stands by everything he said, but that he was also going to refer us to a lieutenant of his, at one of these PR places to and refute your BS smears. And so we reached out to that person and we didn't name them in the piece for privacy reasons, but we reached out to that person and then they responded back and said, you know, I looked at all the questions you sent to Callie and I really can't speak to the meetings.


I can't, I can't, you know, I can't comment on those. 'cause I don't know. So we, we, you know, we quoted that person in the story saying that, you know, I think it's, you know, there are ma many things can always be true at once. I mean, that's the thing about investigative reporting, and you really wanna give people an opportunity to engage with you. It's, it's, you know, it, it makes for the best journalism, it makes for the best story, it's the most fair, you know. But, but, but we, that's all we got back, you know, once we sort of laid out this fact pattern that we were gonna report on.


Now, I should add for your listeners that his sister Casey means is now Trump's nominee for Surgeon General. And we also reported in this story that she did not complete her surgical residency due to stress. She pulled out at the last moment, you know, now she has turned that into sort of the sibling equivalent of I saw inside the room. Now she says, well, the entire, you know, know the entire thing is corrupt and we've gotta just blow up the whole thing. But, you know, VIN, you are somebody who completed a surgical residency, I believe, or a, a medical residency, so we know it can be done.


Gosh, you know, Catherine, you're open up a can of worms for me here where I, there's so much we, we, we could have this conversation for ours, but it, it is, it's becoming clear, and I think you've done such a service with this piece because it's so, you know, for the general public, when they see somebody like Cali means on stage, or, you know, at the side of RFK, he's well spoken. He looks the part y you know, central casting to use a phrase from Trump, president Trump, you know, there's so many things about the optics of what he's clearly nurtured and cultivated about his role, about the way he conducts himself that I think can fool a lot of people.


Like, oh, this guy, and he, he, he has credentials or, or where he went to school. Oh. So it, it tells a certain story in a narrative. Right. And I've realized just in my time as, as a, you know, a, a doc that doesn't shy away from trying to lead from with evidence, but has embraced that, you know, we have to be, we have to be more public and vocal because that's the world that we live in. That what I've noticed too is that there's the dark arts of persuasion and public persuasion. You actually talk about how Cali was really focused on public persuasion in various ways, but that it's really easy to fool people. And, and I've seen a lot of people in various parts of healthcare in a hurry, trying to fool people as to their true expertise or lack thereof.


Yeah. Try to shelter it, cover for it. And it's really easy Yeah. To do that. And, and you've done, I think all of us service, You know? It is, and, and let's not forget the first Trump's first surgeon, general nominee was withdrawn because of a false claim about where she had completed medical school. That's right. Which is, which is why Casey means is now the surgeon general nominee, you know? So I think, I think one of, one of the problems is, you know, people are so frustrated, they're so frustrated with our healthcare system, you know, me included.


And there's stuff they really want to believe. Right? That's the thing. There's stuff they really wanna believe. That's right. Sounds good. Sounds true. And then, you know, during COVID, as you well know, you just had this people stuck at home who started doing their own research and, and you know, there's a lot of stuff you can find once you start doing your own research. That isn't true. And that is part of, I mean, the piece tries to get into That's part of the way we got here.


Really. I it's such a good point. I, ID there's I think so many things can be true at the same time. Exactly. To build on what you just said, Catherine, which is, you know, I say this as a pulmonologist, it is, I care for patients that end up in an intensive care unit in my clinical life, in some cases, often because of proximal failures and the primary healthcare system, or in broader access to care, which result in delayed diagnosis, or they're frustrated, they don't take a medication, whatever it is, because of cost related considerations. And then things cascade because of the inefficiencies and frustrations in our healthcare system.


And then lo and behold, they end up in, say, my ICU or another ICU somewhere in the United States that could have been prevented. 30% of our healthcare dollars are spent in the last few weeks of life. People are dying in intensive care units across the United States. So I see this directly in a, a variety of different ways. And yet, while that's true, It can also be true that everything that Andre Girds, how we practice the field of medicine, is still built on fundamental truths. Yes. And, and facts of science that I think does not then mean that because our health system has complexities that the under what, what undergirds medical education and the provision of care somehow is flawed, right?


Because to me, that's still the gold standard. Biomedical research is still the gold standard. And yet it is also true that the way in which we've structured our healthcare system and the various powerful lobbies that exist, which by the way, both parties and that have been in power have, have helped to continue and to sustain. Right? There are real problems there. There's no question. And yet, you know, assassinations of chief executives putting forth the surgeon general that doesn't have an active medical license or completed a residency, Cali means advising the nation's highest official. These are, these are overreactions and I think distortions that are, are addressing a problem, are addressing the wrong problem.


I don't, these are solutions that are not gonna actually tackle the problem that is upsetting people, which should upset people. But these are not the right solutions. You know? That That's exactly right. I mean, the thing is, is like these totalizing claims of corruption, wall-to-wall corruption, all the federal health bureaucrats are corrupt. Right? They're all lazy. We should just get rid of all of them. We've gotta, you know, blow the whole thing up and, you know, thereby purge from the federal government, you know, you know, decades of deep knowledge, you know, not just about, you know, I mean about everything, about stuff that Maha really says that they care about very much, you know, good nutrition, you know, excellence in nutrition and, you know, chronic disease.


I mean, that stuff got blown up too. So. Well, you know, and, and when I look at Cal and, and the story that you told about the mean sucklings and what I've seen them do, you talked about, you know, for, again, just a, a I'm reading segments or parts of your incredible investigative piece, but I encourage readers or listeners to go and actually read the full piece, that there was a part in the beginning of, of this piece that talks about a really aggressive posture that Kaylee means took at a political summit, healthcare Summit in April. Wondering if you can summarize that for our listeners.


Yeah. So, you know, Politico Summit, he was being interviewed by Dasher Burns, and basically he just turned it on the audience and said, you know, all of the lobbyists in this room are laughing because that we have the sickest kids in the world. Yep. Which is like, you know, just so over the top. I mean, there were lots of people in the room, many of them were not lobbyists A and b, you know, do we have the sickest kids in the world? I don't know. We've got a lot of, you know, sick kids all over the world who don't have, you know, nearly the resources that many of you know us do.


So it, it just was really striking, but it was, it was quite strategic because that is, that is the justification for the changes that they are making and for what they are dismantling. Right? That's how they're justifying it. And you really need to pull that apart. It's very hard, even as a journalist to wrap one's mind around what is getting dismantled right now. Oh. I mean, it's the classic floating the zone strategy. Yeah. None of us really keep up and we're, I think we're all losing things because we're, we're, you know, key pieces and data inputs.


I mean, to emphasize, 'cause I've gotten this question a lot. Do we have the world's sickest kids? The answer is absolutely not. Yeah. We're fortunate and there's data for listeners that want data to cite. University of Washington does a global burden of disease study. You can Google University of Washington global burden of disease study and actually look at visuals. All of this is data-driven that shows the sickest kids, sadly, but perhaps not surprisingly, are in Sub-Saharan Africa, in parts of Asia. Were life expectancy is in some cases half of what it is in the United States. Right. And so, do we have problems? Yes, we do.


Do we have the world's sickest skids? Thankfully we do not. They exist in places that, for which U-S-A-I-D, which is effectively no longer is operating, was doing its great work. And so the irony here is that here we're talking sort of a broader point is I, I, I always, I hate, I hate that this is the reaction, but my reflex is to always smirk when I hear what MAHA stands for. 'cause there's the Maha Commission report that you talked about that Kelly Gates helped to put together, talks about the environment around us and how the environment around us is, is unhealthy. Yeah. Yet the Trump administration's EPA is pursuing a 55% budget cut to the EPA and the regulatory stance.


We talk about wanting to address problems for the world's sickest kids, supposedly. And yet we're defunding and deprecating U-S-A-I-D. Right. There is an inconsistency between the branding of Maha Yeah. And the policies that this administration is pursuing. And so I think it's important for everybody to recognize that. 'cause back to the, to the piece. Yeah. Kaylee means is in RFK, obviously, and the president are really good at one thing, if you ask me in in particular, which is they get, they're really good at getting attention and Absolutely. And they're very good. And Kaylee means, you know, I think he's 39, I was trying to piece things together based on when he graduated or got his first job.


But so, you know, potentially, you know, very much still in, in the early phase of his career, but strikes me that for four years, pointing the finger saying, we're all corrupt, questioning everything, because, you know, science is the art of the science. Medicine is the art of medicine. Nothing's perfect, nothing's known. There's always uncertainty with free fact. Because that's just, unfortunately, that's the world that we live in. There's Right, there's imperfections to our knowledge, but we use our best judgment. But it, it strikes me that building an identity, saying that, oh, well why don't you know that fact with a hundred percent confidence, not 99%.


What are you hiding with that 1%? Right. I always asking questions probing. Right. Why don't we know this fact? Well, what, what's that doctor hiding or castigating a group of leaders at the political summit in early April saying that we're all sort of in on it together. That's, that's one way to build a brand and and to carry yourself for a few years. And that's exactly what he seems like he's doing Well. Yeah. And you know, you build a coalition based on mistrust and based on the notion that all the other folks and everybody but us is colluding and hiding stuff from you.


And we are the folks, we're the truth tellers. We're the radical truth tellers. We're gonna come in, we're gonna burn down what was, 'cause it wasn't working for neu. And then we're gonna have this sort of paradise of healthy food. And, you know, you know, freedom, medical freedom, and it all sounds great, but, you know, what's the reality? Like, you do have to, it's really easy to destroy stuff and you need to replace it with something. I mean, it's really hard to build stuff, you know? And now, you know, we're in a situation where RFK Junior has said, we're gonna be telling everybody what the causes of autism are in September.


And we're the first people who have really looked at it. All the scientists who have been studying autism for their whole careers are like, huh. You know, you know, they're saying they're the first people who have ever tackled, you know, nutrition and healthy eating. And like, I'm thinking back, I'm like, wait a second. Wasn't, didn't Michelle Obama have her, you know, organic garden and her Let's move campaigns. So there's just, you know, there's, there's a big smoke screen here. And the question is like, what's behind it?


Yeah, no, that's is, I mean, that, that was my read of the Maha Commission report. It was characterizing problems that we've been, we've known existed for decades. This focus ultra this focus on ultra processed foods. None of that's new. Right. We've all known that. Yeah. And, you know, whether, I mean expert the Kaylee means is basing his entire identity on claiming the real experts in the room or don't have the American people's best interests. Right. Their heart that he's, you know, somehow a whistleblower. I, I loved the right below the subtitle on the landing page of your article, a quote from his former boss mentor, Steve Schmidt, quote, Kaylee means is not a whistleblower, he is an opportunist pedaling junk science to make millions.


I mean, that kind of says it. And, and that that is one top line summary of, of one of the big themes in, in, in your piece is that he is claiming to call out and to be sort of sounding a warning sign or sounding the alarm here on all the ways in which there's collusion. And in reality, what he is doing is he's using this moment and he is manipulating people. Yeah. And he's elevating his, his personal brands and that of the sisters. And I mean, and I will say again, to their credit, they've been, they've managed to do that at, at very high levels and Right. I think one thing I really like that you said too is it is very easy.


It is very easy to break things and it's really hard to build things. Yeah. Especially in healthcare really hard. And you know, what comes of this, because I I I, I'm sure you got the same request here. What is the Mahaw commission report gonna do? And I didn't see any solutions here, but it, it strikes me that we're talking about ultra processed foods. Well, there's a whole playbook, and my wife's a pediatrician. We talk about this a lot, is there is a playbook. It's difficult to scale 'cause it requires resources on the ground for schools and for communities. There's a playbook to encourage healthier eating amongst kids.


Well, actually, I, I I will say this, which is, you know, the, the Biden administration did have a Food is Medicine initiative. And one of the things that they were doing was allowing states to use Medicaid dollars for targeted nutrition programs and to make available particular healthy foods for certain blocks of patients who needed it. And you know what happened? They came in and they dismantled that, Of course They dismantled that program, which would seem to be perfectly in line actually with their priorities.


Yeah, exactly. No, and there's, I am curious to see the convergence of reality with the marketing of Maha the Convert. The reality is everything that they're, they're doing seemingly, is at odds with the MAHA agenda. How can you do things without resources? And so at a very top line addressing a lot of these things, either was gonna require pitched warfare with entrenched lobby, which has been fought time and time again. You know, I think about President Trump's efforts to draw attention to drug pricing and the executive order versus what the Biden administration did, I thought, thought very effectively through the Inflation Reduction Act, they actually legislated change via Congress.


Right. And the Trump administration's carrying that forward. It's a very easy to issue executive orders and to do news conferences and to issue a commission report and to go to the political summit and point the finger at everybody. It's a lot harder to govern and actually pass laws that are gonna change something that's not working over the course of time. And that's what they're not doing. But they're really good at the marketing. And I, well, But, but let's talk for one second, which we haven't mentioned What they are doing, this one big beautiful bill that they have. Yep. Their tax reconciliation bill, which passed the house and now has to, you know, face a, a gauntlet in the Senate, but that is going to potentially majorly slash Medicaid.


Yeah. And, and that their constituents Maha you know, Maha diehards are gonna feel that, you know, they we're gonna have hospital closures. We're gonna have, you know, by one estimate, 13 million people lose health insurance. Right. So that is what they're trying to legislate. You know, I a hundred percent. And just as we're, as we're I, I I know we're coming up on time here. What I, what I do want to close with is your thoughts on communication. You're, let's see, one of our nation's leading healthcare investigative journalists for an amazing company, vanity Fair and Conde Nast, and I, you know, we were having this conversation earlier, Catherine, we've had this for over the course of months now, is, you know, they're really good at telling a story.


And, and they're really good at harnessing anger and outrage appropriately. So there's a lot of appropriate anger and outrage. COVID ex enhanced it. What they're not good at at all is actual policy change that's gonna improve people's lives. And I, you know, I think about, I get asked a lot, you know, from, from other, you know, colleagues in media and elsewhere, you know, vin are we, how should we be talking about what's happening to the NIH and what's happening to our medical infrastructure? And you know, my response typically is something along the lines of telling a story about how wegovy and ozempic are now available to many more Americans than it's say even a few years ago.


But the fact that they even exist Was trials and tribulations and the American government over the course of two decades, plus saying, you know what, we're gonna fund investigational research in the early two thousands into this new disease or therapeutic category that no private sector company has any incentive to do so. 'cause at that time it was viewed as random and completely off, you know, high risk, potentially no reward type proposition. And who stepped in it was the United States government through the NIH to say, you know what, maybe something's interesting here. Perhaps we should fund it, even if it's high risk, potentially unclear reward. There is no other entity that's willing to tolerate that level of risk to reap Right.


Incredible rewards for humanity through medical innovation than the NIH and the US government. That does not exist anywhere. Yeah. Governmental standpoint anywhere else in the world. And when I think about what's happening and the changes that are being wrought now, and how we communicate them, I, I really think we need to be leaning into storytelling and, and doing what they do so effectively on the GOP sign, which is to say, you know, nobody, everybody wants available a chemotherapeutic agent that their loved one may need in a few years, that's probably no longer gonna be available at the frequency and level at which it's available now because our pipeline's gonna run dry because we don't have the human capital, we don't have the investment capital Yeah.


Fund what's gonna be required over the next 10 years. But I'm wondering your thoughts on communication, what we're ge what democrats where, where Democrats are struggling Yeah. And where they're succeeding and, and I think this is sort of the success story of Kaleigh means, and his and his sister and RFK more broadly is they're very good at telling. Right? So I mean, look, it is, you know, you talked, you mentioned this sort of flood the zone problem and everybody, I mean, our brains are just breaking, there's too much to process. There is too much being pulled apart. We have our, our information ecosystem is completely fragmented, so it's super hard to break through all of that, you know, the, the power of individual stories.


I still believe that that does break through. Not always, but it does. And I'll just give you one example from my own reporting. You know, I did a story, this was when there was just, they went in and they rift RIF redundancy. They cut all of the, you know, 10,000 employees from HHS and other agencies. And it was just mayhem. You know, it was just like everything was disappearing. Programs were being cut, nobody knew what was going on. I did a story, it was just about this one guy at FDA whose job, whose expertise was in keeping was manufacturing sterility, making sure that manufacturing processes were sterile.


So he was the guy who basically made sure that you didn't get eye drops that blinded you. Yep. You know? Yep. And I just wrote about this one guy, I didn't write about 10,000 people who lost their jobs. I wrote about him and it broke through. I saw that, you know, so people really care about their health. If they, if they can latch onto a change that really matters to them. Like nobody wants to go blind from contaminated, you know, bacterial laden eyedrops. But, but how you get to that, you know, and that is really like, there are very few people I think who are very good at scissoring through all the noise, you know, and journalists have to get better at it.


I have to get better at it. We all have to get better at it. And God knows the democratic party has got to get better at it, you know, because we're, we're, you know, it's like the, the truth is just getting, you know, scientific integrity is just getting steamrolled. Well, you know, there, there's just, it drives me just off the wall is I, there is no accountability mechanism for an, for a profession like healthcare medicine more broadly that is, requires so much in the way of credentials, so much in the way of certifications and, and board exams.


There's shockingly little for so many for the gauntlet that is required to become a practitioner of medicine or healthcare. There's such little in the way of accountability if you air or deviate or go off track or claim to be somebody that whose voice should be heard, to then guide policy shockingly little, you know, here we are saying you have to go through these 20 steps. You're Credible and safe to be a practitioner of in the field, but oh by the way, you can go on TV or you can be at the, the lecture of Health and human services leading that agency.


And you don't have to be accountable to anybody or an agency, much less a certification body, much less to the American people. You can say whatever you personally believe Yeah. Is true, even if it isn't true. And that has to change in addition to us communicating better. I also think we need to create there, there, there has to be guardrails for behavior. And otherwise, to me, the, the discrepancy between what we expect of our practitioners and that what is allowed to occur without any accountability, that's not gonna last. There is a friction that's happening. And I'll tell you, I, I'll speak on behalf of my fellow clinicians outside of the edge cases that I think are populating the administration right now.


Yeah. So-called doctors in name only, like, like Casey means, there is a lot of anger and outreach. I can tell you this 'cause I've heard it from oh, large entities like, You know, name the medical organization, you name it. Frontline nurses. Yeah. Frontline physicians. No one appreciates what's happening. And what they're doing right now is they are creating a unified front amongst the people that they should be most accountable to, which shows outside of the American people, which is the people that are delivering care across the country. There is outrage being built and it is unified aside, again, aside from the edge case individual.


Yeah. That is certified practicing physician. Nobody likes what's happening right now. And, and I think there, there will be blow back is my belief. And my hope is that we get smarter about creating accountability mechanisms. And as you said, really I think very thoughtfully just get better at communicating and breaking through the noise. And, and you are, you, you are example that you cited. I saw that Catherine, and I thought that was so darn effective because Yeah, that scared me. I was like, my god, that there's, I mean, people, people really need to understand what's being lost. So, you know, how do they understand what's being lost? Generally people understand what's being lost when it affects them personally.


Right. I mean, I I sadly, I think, you know, if this bill goes through and these Medicaid cuts go through, people are really gonna feel it. I mean, you can spin a lot of stuff, but you, there's like stuff that is uns spinn able, you don't have health insurance and you can't go see a doctor or you go to the grocery store and the prices are a lot higher regardless of what's being claimed. You know? So there are some sort of baseline reality principles here that cannot be spun. But, but the tragedy is gonna be that may hit, you know, after it's too late because this bill passes and people have lost their health insurance.


You know, we, we've gotta see. But it's, it's just, you know, we're, we're living in such a fragmented ecosystem that it's, that people don't know what to believe. I'm gonna give that, I'm gonna, I let that serve as the last word. The dizzying rise of Maha Warrior. Kaley means RFK Junior's right hand man. Go read it. And Vanity Fair. I'm so delighted to have investigative reporter on the healthcare and sciences beat. Katherine Yvonne with us Dear friend Katherine, thanks for being here. Awesome to chat with Yvan always. I'm excited to have a conversation with somebody that's very familiar to all of the Midas mighty Dean Al leading legal expert across our country, frequent Midas touch contributor.


Dean is gonna talk to us about all the ways in which she and her own family have seen the real impacts of all the cuts that we're seeing to the NIH and to other research funding for healthcare purposes. The cut, the, the ways in which those cuts are actually translating to real impacts on families and especially her family. And, you know, it's a sensitive topic. She's gonna share what she feels comfortable sharing, but I thought we don't talk enough about the real world impacts of a lot of what's happening. It's important to really crystallize that. And so without a, without further ado, I'm gonna bring Dina on. Dina, thank you for being here and for just giving us some, some of your time this morning.


It's so good to be here. I love your work and I was so excited when I heard this was launched because there are so many horrible things Trump is doing to our country, but we can't lose sight of what he's doing to our health. You know, it's, you, you can have problems in your life, but then when something happens to your health like it all the rest goes away. It's like the core to our being and it affects us regardless of income and age and where we live. And so I'm so glad that you're devoting this time to, that is very, very important. Well, I'm hoping this is the first of, of many conversations we have for Midis Health and, and you know, Dean, I think we're having this conversation at a really important time.


You know, about a month ago for all our listeners, you and I first got to, to chat and you had told me about something that's an illness that struck a loved one in your family. And before I kick it to you to just tell us what you feel comfortable sharing, you know, it's, it's important to realize there is a series of headlines that the Trump administration is trying to drive in the healthcare space, much less, you know, across every industry. And they did it today with this prescription drug pricing plan that is really nothing but a rebrand. And, you know, for those that didn't catch it, an executive order was announced today by the Trump administration, by President Trump stating that he is going to ask pharmaceutical companies to voluntarily reduce prices on some of the most expensive medications that they sell in the United States.


You know, this is a problem that has long existed in our country. And it's because the reason we pay more as Americans for, for pharmaceuticals, especially branded pharmaceuticals, is because we do not directly negotiate pricing on those medications with pharmaceutical companies. And oh, by the way, that just changed last year with the Inflation Reduction Act and the Biden administration not saying, Hey, let's do executive in an executive order, but do the more responsible thing that actually is substantive, which is actually passed legislation that has statutory impact through congressional approval. They, they, they proposed legislation to allow Medicare to directly negotiate pricing on the 10 most commonly used, most costly drugs amongst Medicare beneficiaries.


That those pricings are gonna go into effect in 2026. The Trump team likes that program. They're gonna expand it, it's gonna go into 2027 thereafter impact the pricing of drugs like glp. There was popular weight loss drugs, but this took work. This was substantive work that took years to develop Dr. Mina Ami on episode five. She was actually the architect of that program with her team. It wasn't in executive order, that was just marketing in political sare rattling. It took time and it was the real deal. And I say that because we see this all the time with the Maha agenda and RFK and what he's doing, which is effectively rebrand things that we've been talking about all the, for decades, ultra processed foods, you know, eat healthy, work out more, try to focus on prevention.


None of this is new, but they're making it seem like what they're doing here is revolutionary. And this is where I thought this conversation is gonna be so important. What they're really doing behind the scenes, again, is marketing rebranding, but they're defunding our research institutions vital therapeutics for which in five to 10 years when we need those vital therapeutics for treating Alzheimer's or the next cancer, we're not gonna have them. But it's not just five to 10 years down the road, it's now. And I was wondering, Dina, if you could share your perspective on this and what you've seen in your own family. Well, I, I mean unfortunately my story is not an unusual story. And if you spoke to any number of the, our Midas mighty, they would have the same story.


And I'm just talking to you because as you said, I'm already a contributor. And so it's like easier to have that conversation than to pull all the people out there. But the fact of the matter is, you know, a close, somebody very close to me, way too young in that category that they're saying it's prevalent the 40 and under this 40 and under way before screening, finding cancer and finding it so advanced that it has spread, you know, to the point of a stage four cancer. And that's just like a devastating diagnosis for anybody to get at any age. But for this to be happening so much to young people and it to be happening, you know, some, to somebody so close to me, I became very involved in, you know, finding doctors and doing my own, you know what, I'm sure a lot of family members do become like their own many doctors going online reading those NIH studies and you know, it's, we have made a lot of advancements in, in every disease really in this country, in, in cancer, especially the last few years.


It's amazing amount, you know, the treatments that these doctors are even talking about, like one of them was just to prove like a year and a half ago. I mean, we're like on the cusp of so much discovery that, you know, for all those people. And really, I really felt the need to talk about this because of the fact that like, this is so prevalent and it is so painful. You know, life is already hard enough as it's people get afflicted, you know, are getting diagnosed all the time with cancer, with Alzheimer's, with diabetes, heart disease. It's so difficult as it is. And then Trump makes it so much more difficult where he's, when he is slashing universities because he thinks that he's trying to end the woke agenda.


But instead our country universities is the basis for our research. This is where the treatments that we need for our friends and family members to come from. You know, when he takes away slashes, social Security administration, he's also slashing disability. And all those same people who have just been diagnosed and can't work are relying on those checks. You know, I mean he's do he taking away Medicaid, you know, I think about this like the people on Medicaid who are literally in the middle of just receiving these diagnosis and don't know if they're gonna be able to get treatment in a few months. It's so devastating that that, you know, that's why I wanted to, you know, kind of give even a small voice because I know there's so many people suffering already.


It's already so hard to have somebody get a diagnosis like that. And, and there is a crisis in this country among young people with cancer. I mean this is well before screenings are in place. There's no genetic, I mean for some people there might be, in my situation, there's no genetic component. I mean, this is dire and the, you, the especially a young person needs that next discovery needs that result of that next clinical trial. You know, I mean you want their lifespan to be, you know, plus 70 years they need that next thing and he's literally taking money out of these cures.


And that is like so sick on a level I can't even describe like, that's so depraved, but that is what is happening. And without your conversation, it's happening in the dark because he's doing so many other outrageous things like the Qatari jet, you know, and they're also big and shiny and they're easy to talk about. And unfortunately our topic is sad and nuanced and, and it is not getting talked about enough, but it's affecting people, frankly, a lot more than the Qatari jet. As awful as that also is. We can chew gum and walk at the same time. Dina te tell me more about, you know, your loved one getting a, a late stage diagnosis for a difficult condition.


I'm sure a lot of our listeners know someone maybe have been personally affected by cancer in some way. And I think what ends up happening often is, and I've seen this all the time, is, you know, you many cases you'll get the ping from your MyChart over the weekend from a Friday scan and, and then you'll read, or you'll have, you know, a friend in many cases will read it and then call me and say, Hey, I got this in my MyChart, this is a mammogram, or it could be a colonoscopy and it suggests that something's wrong. And then you have to wait weeks potentially. And then you'll start to see an oncology follow up automatically made without any human being actually communicating to you why you see that in your sort of your next steps or your next visits.


And, and it, it becomes rapidly clear without somebody giving you any details or context that something's wrong. And sometimes it can be weeks before you even get that initial appointment in person to discuss, okay, something indeed is wrong, let's start chemo. But then at that point you're waiting weeks. And I, and I can't tell you how many times people have been, have gotten the news through a MyChart email notification, but you know, there's delays in diagnosis, there's delays in getting access as you point out. What are you seeing now? What is your family seeing now in terms of just getting access to say experimental therapies? Have you noticed or have you seen other friends not be able to enroll in say, the next clinical trial for an experimental therapy for a difficult disease?


Wonder what are you seeing on the ground? I mean that this is so new Yeah. Of a diagnosis. I'm talking about like less than two months or right around it that thankfully we're not yet to the point of trying to enroll in a clinical trial because you really, you do that once you've exhausted the standard of care treatments as you know, as a doctor. So we're not like in that. But you know, as somebody who is always looking to the future, those, regardless of whether or not you need it or not, that is the next treatment, right, right. That you're looking for. Even if you're not enrolled in that clinical trial.


I mean, clinical trials, I'm, I'm sure you've talked about before, whatever is where we get our next treatments. If you're not enrolled in it, you can, you're going to benefit from it hopefully. Right. If you're either approved or eliminated, it's like a benefit from it. And to your point though about that my, that link to the being notified, I mean that's like a whole other conversation or also not, it just shows how dysfunctional our medical system is the insurance, because I feel like I've almost noticed more about insurance. You know, we've had situations where multiple doctors wanted different types. That's the other thing too. You think even a cancer diagnosis is gonna be like, oh, like everyone's gonna agree and that's not the case.


We found different competing treatment, you know, recommendations, which was confusing. And also one doctor saying, oh, I don't, I don't order that type of follow up, you know, scan because the insurance doesn't usually cover it. Right. Oh, and That'ss really disturbing when your healthcare in such a serious situation is being determined by healthcare and sometimes, you know, when you are getting what they think is an early stage cancer diagnosis, they don't even do like a full PET scan to see where else it is in your body. You know, I mean our insurance dictates unfortunately, like the course of treatment for a lot of these things.


It does. Which, you know, you gotta then what's going on there, right? Well, and you, to Deanna to bill on your point, and, and I'm sure this is, I can't tell you how many times I've seen this where we already sort of know as docs, you know, medicines in our, there's never certainty on anything. And I think the, the incumbent administration and their Secretary of health takes uncertainty on medical facts because there's uncertainty on everything. We don't know anything a hundred percent. That's just the nature of the medical profession. You use your best judgment. Every quote unquote fact has a level of uncertainty to it. And, and they, they miss they, they weaponize that fact and say, well, gosh, you know, folks like myself and others are hiding something from you because why, why don't we know, you know, how this chemotherapy is gonna be gonna be responding or how somebody will respond to this version of chemo to a hundred percent certainty.


Nothing is certain in, in American medicine or in any version of medicine because that's just the nature of the art. It's all to say to exactly to your point, we're always operating in gray areas and yet sometimes it's very clear what a patient needs, which is yeah, they need that full body MRI or yeah, they need that PET scan and oh by the way, they needed it last week and no, we don't need to start with an x-ray and then get a CT and then get an MRI and then get a PET scan. We can skip right ahead. And this this ma the maddening nature of prior authorizations, oh My, my gosh. Wow. So many have gone through Oh, is is emblematic at that is part of the reason why there's a lot of anger towards health insurance companies.


There's no gimme what I need now, what my doc thinks with a level of certainty that's high. I need now why do we have to go through step therapy? Oh yes. I mean, I'll just jump in because I've just barely been to this, right? I mean, there's people out there who have dealt with this for years for chronic illnesses. I'm just starting out and I can't, ima I mean, it's so difficult for somebody to get a diagnosis, right? Such as this having, you know, young family dealing with it and then to deal with insurance company, the prior authorization, the timing of the treatment, the timing of the scan, as you say. And when time is like, you feel like you're fighting, right?


It's like the, it's like a quicksand, you know? And it's like, it's who's gonna be able to be faster, the disease or you, and you have this insurance company in the way, slowing it down. I mean, I don't know how anybody does this when they're by themselves. You know, here I'm oh Hundred Percent here, I'm like a legal train. Like it's my like job to like talk to people and negotiate on the, on the phone and how, and I just think, gosh, there's, there's like a single woman out, there's a single mother out there who is working a job, dealing with a diagnosis, having to deal with, you know, her child having to deal with, you know, this the social security office having to deal with the insurance.


Like we, this should not be the case, you know, in this country. Like it is too hard. Like we need community, we need support. Thankfully some people have it, but those, those that don't. Gosh, like I'm just like, if anybody else there is watching that, like more power to you, hang in there. Like stay hopeful. Like if you are dealing with something like this kind of by yourself, like, you know, just hang in there. I, I know, I think that's, it's a reassuring set of words here, Gina, from a voice that I know our viewers or and our listeners for those that are listening in our our are will be warmed and reassured just to hear them coming from you.


You know, I wanna go back to kind of the, the origin of this conversation, which was, you know, how do you deal with a difficult diagnosis that's unexpected for a loved one? And at this moment, and what I think, and Dean, this is, I want, I, I wanna get your thoughts on this. You know, sometime some, some, a question I get a lot is from the doctor side is what are all the impacts from NIH cuts to our research establishment? What does this mean for American families? And are we making a big deal or were we just wasting a bunch of money?


And, you know, if you were following Elon Musk and the Doge team in the early days of this administration, you'd think some people would be fooled to think, well, gosh, why is Harvard and all these gleaming institutions getting all this money and why, why can't they just do it? Because they on them on their own. They have these multi-billion dollar endowments. Why are we spending all this taxpayer money towards research efforts? And I mean, it was, it, it was mastery manipulation of a narrative. And I'd say to all everybody listening in that we're not gonna see the real world impacts of these cuts and people and scientists moving to places like Denmark that are actively recruiting.


You probably, you may have seen the Prime Minister doing an active recruitment over the weekend for American scientists looking for, for greener pastures. We'll not see the impacts of these, in my view, these cuts for another five to 10 years when the next greatest therapeutic that we were expecting 'cause of our amazing medical innovation establishment, we were gonna expect that in 10 years, we're no longer gonna get that in 10 years because of the, the real world impacts of what's happening right now. People leaving budgets being cut, people saying, you know what? I don't need this. I'm gonna go to the private sector, whatever it is. But I'm wondering, that's my view as a doc. But you as a, as a, as a legal expert and as a loved one to somebody that's battling a serious illness, how are you viewing it?


I mean, as, as a loved one, I'm viewing it as we cannot accept that and that Trump does back down, when pressed, look what's happening with the tariffs, right? He went from 150% to 30% on China because the stock market tanked. And enough people were upset for losing money. If everybody watching this spread, this shared it, talked about this, because I'm telling you, a lot of people don't actually realize what Trump is doing to science research. Like I've talked to Democrats who are like, oh wait, what, what is he doing?


Like people need to know. And if they know when they go to that town hall, start asking about this, start calling their congress, people start making this an issue. If we make it a loud enough issue, he does back down when it starts to affect him. And it only will affect him if people are loud enough. So I would say we can't, we don't have the luxury as loved ones of accepting the five to 10 year thing. We have to make this an issue and an unrelenting issue. And it's an issue that crosses all political, you know, spheres.


We can make this an issue that is loud enough for to be heard, but, but it does take us being loud. And that's really why I wanted to have this conversation with you. That's why I think it's so important that you're doing this. And I feel like we, you know, let's, let's let this be the start of a movie uprising on this. I wanna read a few things to you. I'm just drawing them up here. 75% Dina of more than 1600 readers, scientists to the major scientific periodical nature, one of the most prestigious medical journals, scientific journals that exist in the world.


75% of US scientists who were polled, I think there was over 1600 that were pulled. 75% of them who've been, of the US scientists who answered that survey said that they were going to, are considering leaving the United States. 1200 of the 1600 that responded to this survey said, you know what, yeah, we're thinking about taking a fellowship in Europe or in China or in India to continue our studies or in some cases to, you know, actually get a job in biomedical innovation. That's a stunning number. We're losing talent that isn't suddenly gonna say, Hey, oh yeah, let me come back in three years if we have new president because you have no, we have no guarantee that this is not gonna be a 48 year thing.


And who wants that uncertainty when you're raising a family, building a career, you can't afford that. And, but I thought that was interesting and Yeah, and, and I think we are unique in this country in that way. Like when we are making it so there, I think there's like so many less PhDs, right, that have, are allowed and there's so many visas from around the world's canceled regarding the PhDs. So we're, we're hitting them there. We're hitting the, the cutting of the research universities. But America is unique in that we don't have government research labs. We use our universities as research labs like in Russia, they have government research labs.


But so for people listening who maybe don't quite get the tie, first of all, nothing happens without government money. My dad, who was an economist, he worked as a, he immigrated to this country but became an economist and worked in the Department of health under Carter, was like, nothing gets innovated in this country without government money. So first of all, you got that and then you have the fact that the government money isn't going quote to the government lab. Let's, like in DC it's going to the research we have always acted. Our research universities have been our government essential, if you think about it in that respect, research universities. So that's why this, you are literally cutting the, like the backbone of our research when you, when you cut to universities.


Absolutely. And no, and I, as you're talking, thank you for that jama, journal of American Medical Association released earlier this month, just actually four days ago. They are, you, you know, you and I, Dina and I were talking about this to our, all our listeners about a, a month ago. Is anybody keeping track of what's actually happening? Yes. And the impact because they're flooding the zone so much, much is happening every day. It's so, it's easy to get lost. Well, gosh, are we sure we were documenting and cataloging all the cuts And so then we can actually understand the impact of it so that if you're a voter in 26 or 28, you can understand, okay, this is what I'm voting for.


Do I like it or not? Because I think part of this is gonna be, well do they or do they not wanna be talking about this, the impact of the cuts to somebody potentially with a stage four diagnosis of cancer? Oh, and they're gonna have less therapeutic options potentially when they need it in five years. Who wants that? Who's voting for that? I'm not sure anybody wants to vote for that. But a headline here, the Trump administration terminated $1.81 billion in NIH grants in less than 40 days, including 544 million. And as of yet, unspent funds. Dina, that was according to a, an analysis published just last week Thursday in the Journal of the American Medical Association. That is stunning because that's money that researchers some of the best in the world thought they already had secured for additional studies, for additional clinical trials.


And now they're taking it back. We're losing these people. They're not coming back or they're, they're, they're leaving the field entirely. That's gonna harm all of us. That's not a Republican or a Democrat issue. That is a short term political consideration that will harm us all. Absolutely. And we have the money, I mean the budget, if you look at the chart, they're taking money from the Department of Health, you know, and they're adding it to the Department of Defense, the Pentagon, nevermind the tax cuts to the rich, but they're literally allowing people to die from, you know, and cures. They're so close to cures for Alzheimer's. There's so many cures we're like on the cusp of, they're literally taking that money and putting it to weapons of war or tax cuts for the rich.


It's not that we don't have the money. It's where That's right. They are putting it. That's right. No, well said. I wanna give you really well said. And I think we, we need to have this clear discussion. 'cause I venture a guess, you know, we're not gonna reach a hundred percent of people on any topic, you know, healthcare or not. I suspect though, you know, I have a lot of friends on the center, right? Political spectrum, people that were in the George W. Bush administration, others, I respect that we have different points of view, but I respect them as people and we have it, we can disagree but not be disagreeable. And my view is that probably 75% of the people would want the investments in place for therapeutics for their loved one to have if they should need it.


It's just connecting the dots between this policy action and Oh, you're saying that that's what could happen down the road? Oh, I didn't realize that. That's what I think you, what you've done for us is you've made that clear and I really appreciate that. But I wanted to give you floor for any final thoughts. I think you're absolutely right. I mean, the problem I think most of the time with Republicans is they don't care about the issue unless it happens to them. And the sad reality is everybody is touched by these diseases, everybody, regardless of Democrat and Republican. And I do think if people were educated and informed about the fact that Trump is literally taking money that will cure or give them treatments that will improve their quality of health across the board for all diseases, I think we would have the pushback that could then save science here in America.


I agree. I agree. And I think you've been a really powerful voice on all issues es touch. I'm thrilled that you've joined me in sort of our Nigo inaugural phrase there, Dina, thank you so much. And, and just to say, just to, and put a fine point on this, Maha is a rebranding effort on topics that we have been talking about for decades. And all they're doing is they're putting a shiny object, shiny branding effort on what is a series of destructive policies that will not allow them to achieve anything that they so glibly talk about. That's what Maha is depriving your loved ones of critical experimental therapies down the road five, 10 years from now. That's what they're doing as well.


They just don't want you to realize that. But Dina, thank you so much for joining us. I'm so grateful to you. Well, thank you so much for having me. You're really doing such amazing work here. I've always admired your work and, and I'm so grateful for it, so grateful for you to shine a light on, on such an important issue. Thanks Dana. Talk to you soon. Appreciate you


Can't get enough Midas Plus check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com Messaging data rates may apply. Reply, stop to opt out consultant, doctor, prior to use.


You look amazing. What have you been doing? You've heard of ozempic, wegovy and other GLP one medications, right? Well, if you qualify, Celtic providers can prescribe semaglutide the same active ingredient at up to 90% less with without insurance. Done all online, no Weight at the doctor's office or pharmacy. No weight. Zelie can ship the same active ingredients as other expensive GLP ones to your door. Get started with Zelie today for just $39. Call pound two 50 and say keyword care. That's the same active ingredients in Wegovy or Ozempic, but for 80 to 90% less, that's pound two 50. Keyword care.