
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


I'm William Gouge, a URI Collaborate and professional ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance rounds around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing, I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the comfiest jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to burri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Hi, I'm Kristin Bell. Carvana makes car buying easy. Isn't that right, hun? Dax Dax, Sorry. Did You know about this seven day money back guarantee A week to evaluate seat coms, you say A week of terrain tests. Yeah, I can test the brake pad resistance at variable speeds. Make sure all the kids' stuff fits nicely. Make sure our stuff fits nicely. Oh, the right. Still need to buy the car. Get ahead of ourselves here. Buy your car with Carvana today.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one. Ready to eat meal service factors. Fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me. Chuck S GPT. What do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 To get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook. Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler.


Hi again, Midas Plus Mighty. It's great to be with you for episode six. And we have quite the guest for episode six, especially given the times. We have former head of CMS, the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Nikita Brooks Lahore. I am so excited that she's here, especially since it's, as we've talked about in the past, the purpose of this podcast. It's the profile and platform, the nation's best healthcare leaders that you can hear directly from them on issues that matter, especially issues that are dominating the news cycle. So without further ado, I'm gonna bring Shaquita on to talk about all things drug pricing and just all, all the seemingly endless news cycle.


But Jaquita, thanks for being here. Thank you for having me. Jaquita. I wanted to dive right in and You know, it wasn't lost on any of our listeners, the big announcement yesterday from the Trump administration on drug pricing. And yet, as you and I were talking about, there's a, a, a difference between pursuing these, what I think objectives that we all agree on, lowering drug costs in the US by executive order versus all the amazing work that you did as head of CMS through the inflation reduction action. I was wondering if you could tease that out for us. Sure. So let me start by saying how much I think prescription drug cost is one of the biggest issues that we are facing in healthcare today.


I said this often, I felt like a CMS administrator. The issue I heard about the most was people struggling to afford their drugs. And I think that's for two reasons. One, because the number of drugs that people, particularly seniors and people with disabilities are taking really has increased, I would say the last, certainly over the last 10 years. So people are more dependent on that. And part of that is because we have incredible drugs that are doing incredible things, but it, we are, we have gotten to the place in this country where so many people are really choosing between affording their drugs, putting food on the table, and paying for their housing.


And heard so many heartbreaking stories about that. And that's one of the reasons why it was so important to us to tackle prescription drug prices for the Medicare population. And it was something a priority for President Biden. And we were able To get the Inflation Reduction Act, which used to joke, had some climate change provisions in there, but really was a healthcare goal because it, it, it changed Medicare prescription drug coverage in these fundamental ways. Some of the ways that we changed it were really about changing the structure. And this year is actually the best benefit for people.


And that is that there is for the first time a $2,000 cap on prescription drug costs for the Medicare population. And this is huge because as we all know, prescription drug costs that people are paying out of pocket have really affected, it affected people and there were seniors who still were paying something like $18,000 a year for their prescription drug costs. So this is a sea change, but part of the way that we were able to pay for that was through negotiating prescription drug crisis and in the Medicare program. And it wasn't for all of them.


The law really outlined taking the most expensive drugs. And each year more prescription drugs are added to the list that CMS can negotiate. And last year CMS negotiated lower cost per 10 of the costliest drugs to the Medicare population. And that year alone, You know, we estimated that in one year we'll save $1.5 billion for Medicare beneficiaries and then $6 billion overall. So those are just a little bit, You know, at a high level of what the Inflation reduction Act put into law.


It still continues. It continues to be the law of the land. Right before I left, we announced the next 15 drugs and CMS should be negotiating those, You know, as we speak. And so we'll see how the new administration, how the current administration moves forward with that because it is the law of the land. So then yesterday there was an executive order, and I would say a couple of things, You know, there are different ways to approach prescription lowering prescription drug costs. Every administration has a right to put forth their own vision of what they think should be done.


There really wasn't a lot of detail in the executive order yesterday to really know. I don't, it doesn't say where we're, where the administration wants to lower costs. It doesn't say the Medicare population doesn't say Medicaid, it doesn't say the commercial market. So I, You know, not a lot of specifics about how, what the approach might be. There's an indication of potentially doing rulemaking if drug companies don't come to the table voluntarily. You know, we'll see what the industry says in terms of their response to the executive order.


But I would say, You know, two things. One, again, the law of the land says that Medicare should be negotiating and we'll see does the administration move forward with implementing the law? And it, it will be a process right, of of, of how they approach it. But this is important to seniors. And then secondly, You know, will, there isn't enough detail in what was announced yesterday that I say. I think to really have a perspective on whether or not it's going to be effective or, or whether we'll see any changes to prescription drug prices May maybe if we start Thank you.


Did we start when you were thinking about the program? And it probably would sur surprise a lot of listeners to realize that we, that what you innovated on pioneered and, and successfully passed through Congress negotiating drug prices with manufacturers for some of the most commonly used but high cost drugs for for Medicare beneficiaries. You know, I'm a pulmonologist some, a lot of the medications on that, on the list that first 10 are very common medications, anticoagulants for a patient that might have a fib, You know, anti diabetes medications, you name it. Very common medications.


And, and yet this was a successful effort for the government with large negotiating power to say, You know what, we'd like to directly have pharmaceutical companies engaged with us and, and figure out what, what, what a fair price could be something that's common in other parts of the world. But up until your leadership, we really haven't seen that in the us And, and when we talk about high drug costs, You know, anywhere from three to five, we Americans historically have paid anywhere from three to five times higher for branded pharmaceuticals than say their peers elsewhere in the world. Can you talk about why it's taken so long to do what you did?


You know, it's so, it's, it's such a good question. Why, why did it take so long? I think that, I think a couple of reasons I would say healthcare in our country, it, the government in interaction is, has always been very different than, than in other countries. I, You know, particularly as I talk to other people in other sectors of the world who are in healthcare, they sometimes find our history so puzzling because it's different, but it is uniquely American, right? And after World War ii, our reaction to healthcare, we went very much more private sector than, than a lot of the rest of the world.


So I think prescription drugs came to the Medicare program quite late. I mean, it really was 2003 when Medicare started covering prescription drugs. It wasn't even written really into the beginning when Medicare was created. And part of that was because prescription drugs were not a significant part of cost in healthcare in the sixties, but it was, it actually took a, if you think about it, like a really long time for Medicare to actually cover drugs. And I think that often when we're shifting the status quo and healthcare, we see a great deal of resistance, right?


So I mean, covering people in the Affordable Care Act, there was a lot of resistance to change even if people generally wanted believed in, in healthcare for people. So I think when it comes to prescription drugs, there's been just a lot of, a lot of status quo. It's very difficult for people to really know about pricing in the program. And we see this on a bipartisan basis. There's so much discussion about transparency and putting more transparency into how prescription drug prices are operating.


It's extremely complicated. And just our arrangements between the sectors are challenging. And so I think it's really easy for one part of the industry to blame the other and say, You know, it's, it's the drug companies, no, it's the PBMs. No, it's the health plans, the pharmacist, You know, there, there's so many parts of, of the chain that it is easy to muddy the water and make it hard to, to tackle the costs. And even in trying To get drug negotiation, there was just a lot of pressure and arguments that were gonna stifle innovation and just all of these, all of these pressure points.


But at the end of the day, what I firmly believe is the private sector is wise. It will figure out how to make money one way or another. It may be different than how it was, but the private sector will adjust. It will continue to innovate. But if people can't afford their drugs, it's not gonna matter. You know, there are these incredibly lifesaving things that are coming to market, but if people can't afford them, then You know, nobody's gonna actually be able To get Right. And just to, just to emphasize the point, and this has been looked at time and again, why are drug costs in the United States historically, up until a, again, just what you announced last year, why are they so high?


Because we have historically not negotiated drug prices with manufacturers that's been viewed as one of the leading drivers of high drug costs that's now changing. And and to your credit, Chiquita that, and to your earlier point, the Trump administration is continuing this program. They, they, they see merit in it. It's apolitical, it just makes good sense, which is why I wanted to also probe at this, this notion of tackling drug pricing by executive order strikes me that you said this in the tee up a lot of details on what is most favored nation status. President Trump's sort of signature part of that executive order was that we would pay no more or Americans would pay no more for, for for drugs in part B and part D, basically any medication you get in an outpatient ambulatory clinic through an IV or take it home, that he's stipulating that he, he voluntarily wants pharmaceutical companies to lower their prices.


The a most favored nation status, benchmark meaning whatever country's paying the lowest for all medications and those various programs of Medicare Part D and part D, we're gonna, that's what the United States patient's gonna pay or that's what Medicare is gonna pay for those, those, those pharmaceuticals. And You know, it's not clear to me if it's, it seems like most favored nation status in his view is whoever's paying the lease, that's what we're gonna pay. Which, You know, it's quite expansive to your point, there's a lot of you, you can't just do this by executive order. There's legal challenges, there's powerful lobbying and interest groups that will have a say.


There is the concern that we, I think we often hear about r and d and stifling innovation, which we can talk about in a bit. But I I did, You know, you pursued a very difficult vexing problem through legislation and now it's statutory law. And courts historically are loathed to overturn statutes that are passed by Congress when Congress has spoken versus an executive order, which I think we've seen historically, especially in President Trump's first term on this issue. These do not stand the test of time and they're easily parried curious, your reaction when you saw what happened yesterday versus the hard work of actually doing or passing the drug pricing efforts through the inflation reduction act.


Just the, this, the level of seriousness, the level of effort that goes into one versus the other. Well, just to say it, it requires a lot of effort to pass legislation and it requires even more effort to make that legislation come to life. And and part of that is because when you are, when you're tackling something of this magnitude in this size, you really have to take in what everyone e everyone's point of view and really make sure you have a good grasp of how's the industry gonna react?


How are we gonna make this happen? I mean, there just, there's so many steps to figuring out how to make sure your great idea actually translates into when someone shows up at the pharmacy, they actually get the drug. And so the, the process of hammering out all those things is passing legislation, making the compromises that need to happen To get it through. And certainly in implementation hearing, there are always things that no matter how smart you are, how knowledgeable you are, that you have to, you have to hear perspectives. And during my time I met with so many executives and of course not just me, just the teams spent so much time hearing with all sorts of people across the chain to really figure out how do we make this happen?


And again, like things pop up where you realize, oh, I didn't know this about the supply chain because nobody ever did this before in the Medicare program. And You know, I I think the, there is a frustration on a bipartisan basis that other countries seem To get way lower prices than we do on prescription drugs. They also have different systems. I was talking to a group of people from another country who are all health executives and I said, do You know what PBMs are? And they did not know what PBMs are, right? Like we, we do things a little differently here. And so that's not to say that we shouldn't care what other what other countries are getting.


It's just to say that there is a lot of work that needs to be done to figure out how we can deliver lower prices to our, the people in our country. And it may be possible to just take prices from others, but it may not. We have a certain size population, other countries have different populations. They, there's so many things that go along with why, why countries get certain discounts. And a big part of that is also access, right? Like what does it mean? And rightfully so. I mean, one of the biggest things we heard from companies is, You know, if I'm giving you a discount, I wanna make sure people actually can get my drug.


Yeah. And so that's just one example of yeah, one of the important factors in when you're negotiating of, of making sure you've thought through just all of the, the dynamics and in order to reach your goal, which is deliver lower costs. And I think it's, I'm glad you said that and I think it's really important to you, You know, as, as we think about what happens over the next six months. So the executive order essentially says that the president would like to see voluntary compliance with, with the request to lower prices to some benchmark is most favored nation status benchmark.


We're gonna pay as, as little as the country that's paying the least for, You know, all the drugs in the Medicare program. Pretty expansive ask, I think pretty unprecedented. Ask and, and I'll say from my own, my own 2 cents here is that the likelihood that there's voluntary compliance from pharmaceutical companies to meet that expectation is probably low. And that we shouldn't be surprised if we don't see a lot of voluntary compliance with any compliance in six months or 180 days when then there's the ability to do rulemaking as, as you pointed out. But then what happens at 180 days is an effort to try to either pass legislation or do rulemaking through an agency.


And legislation is hard, but they have the majority. So we'll see rulemaking, You know, an agency based approach by itself is always seems fraught with potential challenges and, and, and reversals. And so what you've done, just to emphasize it to listeners, because I I think sometimes I've had this conversation with your former director of Medicare, Dr. Mina Ani, who is just on the episode prior, you guys made quite the team. But You know, sometimes I think it gets lost just in the, in the noise of the news cycle, how significant your leadership was to or, and remains to do Medicare drug negotiations on the 10 most commonly, or, or 10 of the most commonly used drugs amongst Medicare beneficiaries, which also happen to be some of the most costly.


That is a big deal. And that is the hard work of passing a law to Congress. And, and what, You know, I say this as a clinician, Chiquita seeing the news cycle yesterday. It, it is very confusing to people that are not rooted as experts in this, your top official in the, in the Biden administration. You live and breed the policy elements of this. You can, you can understand what's real from what's not real. I'm not so sure that the ways in which the headlines were capturing, You know, live the news conference that this wasn't viewed as something that it isn't, which is a marketing campaign in my opinion, not actual substance IE the hard work that, that you guys drove.


But that's just my, my 2 cents my opinion that I will not, we're not gonna see voluntary compliance in 180 days from, for pharmaceutical companies. And then the hard work of actually passing something either through Congress or augmenting what you've done or trying to do rulemaking through an agency begins. And, You know, the, that's fraught with the usual challenges. Well, You know, and, and house republicans have put out a bill that has a lot of healthcare in it and there is nothing on most favored nation in that bill. And I think if they were serious about drug pricing and changing prescription drugs, I mean it, they're putting, it looks like about a trillion dollars of cuts to Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act coverage.


And if they wanted, as I said, to tackle prescription drugs, that's a perfect opportunity as you're passing healthcare legislation to put some proposals to the test. Can I, I, You know, mindful of your time here and we always try to keep these sort of snackable to 20 to 30 minutes, just, You know, I wanted To get your thoughts just as we wrap on the Make America healthy again agenda as somebody that, You know, and I think you as a, as a top leader in in healthcare policy circles me as just a clinician that's seeing how people, there's more patients across the country or consumers that take a supplement then take prescription medications.


And I think we all just want the right thing to be done for disease prevention, wellness, longevity. I'm, I'm I that spans the political spectrum. What worries me, and I'm curious your, your thoughts is, it feels like what I've seen of the Make America healthy age, again, the agenda is it, it's certainly an effective messaging and branding campaign, but when I, when you look at the details, there is a focus on, and, and I like the focus on removing ultra processed foods. Great. We're messaging on that. There's a focus on disease prevention, whatever that means. It means a lot of different things.


A focus on sort of healthy living and, and exercise, You know, things that I know the, the current health secretary talks about a lot and does videos on, but it doesn't strike me that any of those things are new or novel talking points. And your, during your tenure, you talked a lot about all of that. BK that FDA talked a lot about that. It, it strikes me that every other health secretary, both Democrat and Republican, Scott McClellan, others have talked about this. So I'm curious your view on the novelty of Maha as a, as, as a, as an idea as a brand versus a substance and are you seeing anything that feels novel and new that, that strikes you as, oh gosh, I wish we had thought about that.


Well, I would say, You know, exactly what you said, that there are, there is a lot that is resonating because it's true that there are many things that we all can do to take control of our own health and, and things that we want not, as you said, I think the processed food is one that we as a country are really grappling with and it is having significant health impacts. Food is medicine, You know, from former First Lady Michelle Obama to certainly the Biden Harris administration really focused on trying to think more broadly about health.


I would say that what concerns me the most is some of the fundamental things that government needs to do in the HHS reorg and eliminating of so many of our federal workers. We are in danger of seeing really serious public health outcomes occur that, that the government needs to be monitoring and, You know, we just got out of a pandemic, thank goodness, right?


But there are other things coming down the pike. There is an important, an important role for our public health agencies to make sure they're tracking. I think we are, when we talked at the beginning about innovation and when we think about the NIH grants and so many of the other changes to funding, I am deeply worried about our, our scientists, our clinicians who are doing research across this world, not just the the country, but across this world and what that impact is gonna be for our health overall.


So I would say, You know, some of the things that are being proposed, no issue with them, very supportive, but we don't wanna do the nice to have or good idea and forget the essential necessary, You know, and we're seeing just some of the beginnings of that with the measles. And, but it's, it's, again, I, when I think of the pipeline just talking to people in cancer research, what we're seeing in our clinical trials, I am very worried for that aspect of our future. And, and, and to put a fine point on that, and Chiquita, thanks for bringing that up.


You're referencing SAF fundamental research grant or biomedical research grants across the country, major research centers here. There was actually a major study in JAMA Journal of the American Medical Association published on Thursday this past week highlighting $1.2 billion and, and, and cuts to NIH research grants. $560 million of Bush had already been delegated and now is being clawed back. And to your point, this is for phase three clinical trials for the next chemotherapeutic agent that, You know, whether regardless of your political affiliation, that's something you want available should you or a loved one needed.


Yes. Some time in the future. And, and I, and I, I'm, I'm, I'm glad we're closing on this because I, some of these, some of these impacts we're seeing measles and the ways in which measles is being messaged on soft messaging on the purpose of measles vaccination, some cases from some of our senior leaders. But then to your point, we're not gonna necessarily see the impacts of a pipeline that isn't as robust maybe for a few years, if not five or 10 years. And, and, and it's important to keep that in mind that, that the impacts here are not just near term, but we're gonna see the, the long-term impacts here in terms of brain drain. We saw, You know, our, we, we talked to our listeners about this a few episodes ago, that 75% of 1600 scientists surveyed by nature that the scientific journal back in February, in light of everything that's happening, said they're seriously considering leaving the country.


And these are not two-way doors. Once this, once people leave, it's hard To get them to come back and trust that things are gonna be okay. And so, Jaquita, I just wanted to say thank you for first bringing that up towards the end. 'cause I think that's something that We don't talk enough about the medium to long-term impacts of what's happening today. Some of the, some of these impacts will not be seen immediately. And I wanted to give you the floor for any final comments. Well, thank you for this conversation. I think it's quite timely. And I would just say that I think really focusing on the changes that are coming that, that Congress is considering, we really need to put it in context.


We left the Biden administration having the lowest uninsured rate in our US history. We had reached record levels of enrollment and people in strengthening the Medicaid program and then lowering prescription drug costs, which has really changed people's lives. And just really hope that we continue to see that progress forward because affordable drugs, this is, this is the among one of the most important healthcare issues facing our nation. Jaquita, thank you. I, I, I couldn't agree more and I hope you'll come back. I suspect that we're gonna need your expertise often, so please come back.


Thank You so much. It's a pleasure. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.


If you are running a retail business, don't let disorganized order fulfillment, cause chaos. Use ShipStation instead from running a business out of your garage to multiple warehouses. ShipStation is ideal for every phase of your growth. Save time with one login for all your stores and by automating tasks. Plus, you'll get the best shipping rates from global carriers. Calm the chaos with the shipping software that delivers. Start a free trial at shipstation.com/audio. That's shipstation.com/audio.