
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash special offer.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G. Pt, what do you know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is knowledgeable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Today's show is brought to you by Progressive Insurance you chose to hit play in this podcast today. Smart choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote Explorer. To compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy. Today's show is brought to you by Progressive Insurance you chose to hit play in this podcast today. Smart Choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote Explorer To compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy. Today's show is brought to you by Progressive Insurance you chose to hit play in this podcast today. Smart choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote Explorer to compare rates for multiple car insurance companies all at once. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy


The Midas Touch Network. Hit 5 million Subscribe Meidas on our YouTube today. Thanks to you the Midas mighty we'll get into that. But we've got a lot of news to discuss. Eugene Carroll and her lawyer, Roberta Kaplan, broke their silence about the back to back federal trials that they defeated Donald Trump in in New York, where Donald Trump was found liable for sexual abuse and for defamation. The cases currently still through the appellate process, but Eugene Carroll keeps winning during the appellate process. But she expressed to us things that she's never told anybody else about the trial. Let's wash what went down.


And What this book does is we approach things in a light way because we understand this is a man who wears apricot makeup with his hair twirled around his head like Barbara Stanwick in Ball of Fire, who we can beat. Robbie figured that out five years ago. I was so close, Ben, Ben, I was so close. If I went this far and reached back, I could have him by the hair. I heard every, almost every single thing he said. Robbie had to stand up and object to Judge Kaplan saying, your honor, if we can hear him, what does the, what does the jury think?


And by the way, Ben, when you looked at the jury, they were like stunned by the moaning and his groaning and his weeping and his snarling and his, oh, he was very cruel to Alina Haba. Esquire really treated her terribly. She, I don't know how she carried on, but we were there. We saw everything. The farting you wanted to know about that. I didn't say that, but but It was a silent one. It was a silent one. Sort of, that's all. Aging Carroll and her lawyer, Robbie Kaplan, breaking their silence about Donald Trump. Perhaps breaking other things during the federal trial, the full podcast involving Eugene Carroll and Robbie Kaplan's on the Midas Touch podcast.


You should watch the full one and listen to the full one because it we, we actually cover a lot of ground that's never been covered before. But I start with that clip at the beginning of this episode because we have a deeply unserious, deeply unwell, sexually abusing someone who's also separately been convicted as a felon in a business records case. Someone who's bankrupted businesses running the White House right now and is just a complete and utter disaster. The world views him as completely pathetic and weak. And here we are recording this on Thursday and after Donald Trump spent Wednesday whining that he hasn't played golf in the past few weeks, he's leaving to go and play golf right now.


And he delivered a message through his chief propagandist, Caroline Levitt, that the United States will make its determination about whether to invade Iran or not in two weeks. Donald Trump needs two weeks to assess what's going on now. Donald Trump says two weeks about everything, two weeks for his healthcare plan. Just give it two more weeks. Two weeks to determine whether or not to sanction Putin. Two weeks to determine what the United States is going to do regarding Putin's invasion of Ukraine. Two weeks. Two weeks, two weeks. That's Donald Trump's basic statement for he's not gonna do anything. He's just gonna wait and then see what happens.


And then either try to run away from accountability or take credit depending on what happens. But before I show you what Caroline Levitt said at the press conference, I think we have a clip of Donald Trump from April and May repeatedly when asked, well, what are you gonna do with Putin? You promised there would be peace in Ukraine in 24 hours. That hasn't happened. Putin continues to escalate things. Donald, what are you gonna do? Let's roll tape. Huge Crush President Putin, you know, in about two weeks. Is Ukraine Doing enough to get this, to get this piece? I'd rather tell you, in about two weeks from now, you Saying two weeks about President Putin. What is two weeks?


Give us what is the actual date? What is the Timeline? Well, two weeks. Two weeks or less. And if it's a little more at the time, I say, but you know, they're losing a lot of people. You see those little dates up at the top. April 27th, May 19th. Today is May 28th. So two weeks, two weeks. Two weeks. Now we're still two weeks away. And today is June 19th and still two weeks. Two weeks, two weeks. Now. It's two weeks though about whether the United States is going to send its military to engage in regime change in Iran. I think that's where they're at right now. It's unclear what they're even talking about. Is it denuclearization? Is it regime change?


But I wanna show you what Caroline Levitt read today in a press briefing that she did. And then I want to discuss with Brett Jordy and all the Midas mighty, how this just completely undercuts everything that Donald Trump and Benjamin Netanyahu I've been saying here, play this clip. Now regarding the ongoing situation in Iran, I know there has been a lot of speculation amongst all of you in the media regarding the president's decision making and whether or not the United States will be directly involved in light of that news. I have a message directly from the president and I quote, based on the fact that there's a substantial chance of negotiations that may or may not take place with Iran in the near future, I will make my decision whether or not to go within the next two weeks.


That's a quote directly from the president for all of you today. But Brett and Jordy didn't. Donald Trump and Benjamin Netanyahu and all the fox propagandists and everybody on cable news say that Iran was going to have a nuclear weapon within a day or within two days. It was so urgent, so urgent that we needed decapitation strikes right away. American troops needed to be in the ground right away because it was just days away Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. But now Donald Trump is saying that he's gonna need two weeks, which is for people following along more than a few days, and Trump is gonna go and just play golf now this weekend.


Now that undercuts of course, everything that Trump and Netanyahu and everyone's saying, but we, we didn't need to hear that as confirmation. I mean, we have been hearing Iran's about to have a nuclear weapon now for a very, very long time as justification. They're about to have it. They're about, we've been hearing that probably for what, the past 20 or 30 years, you had former President Obama enter into a nuclear deal to denuclearize Iran that Donald Trump pulled us out of. We heard from Donald Trump's director of national Intelligence in the past 90 days, Tulsi Gabbard, who said that Iran is not capable of producing a nuclear weapon in the near term.


Certainly not in the next few days. And I want to be clear where I stand, I don't want the ayatollah to have a nuclear weapon. I don't like the ayatollah. I don't think that the ayatollah and the way Iran is being run is good for the world. I think they're a dangerous regime. I think they're horrible and awful just as an American. I don't want to get us into an endless Middle East war again where we're committing troops. What are, what are is our goal denuclearization? Is it ceasefire? Is it regime change? What is it you, you have people on Fox talking about America dropping like, like nuke, like nukes on Iran that can bust through the ground in order to basically, you know, you know, hit where they claim the nuclear program mistakenly.


They're talking about Americans dropping nukes or bun or bunker busting bomb. What happens if you get rid of what? If you get rid of the ayatollah? Are you gonna have a bloody civil war in around? What does that mean for America? Clarity? What the hell is even happening? That, that's where I approach this. Brett and Jordy, I agree Ben, and it's great to be here and great to see everybody. Congrats on 5 million to the whole community here. Huge accomplishment and thank you and congrats to everybody for being a part of this. But yeah, Ben, you know, it makes me think like this is why Trump is incapable of making a deal in any scenario. It's not just this Iran nuclear situation that we're seeing right now, but let's go back to the tariffs. In order to make a deal, all parties in the deal need to understand what the other party wants.


And if there's no clarity as to what the end game is, what the actual goal of the deal that is in question is, then how could you possibly negotiate and how could you possibly move the ball forward? So with the tariffs, we heard Trump say every kind of thing in the book, oh, this is gonna make America rich. We're gonna be richer than ever. We want these tariffs. These are actually gonna be permanent and, and everybody's gonna be rich and I'm gonna be handing out money. We also heard this is a negotiating tactic and we actually want the other countries to lower their tariffs. But then when people in the administration were asked about, okay, so if they lowered their tariffs to zero, would you take away their tariffs? And they go, no, that's not what, that's not actually what we want. How could the other party actually know what they should be doing if you, if you don't have a clear sense of what you want?


And that's what we're seeing here in this Iran situation. Do you want to denuclearize Iran? Do you want to do regime change in Iran? And we're not hearing what the actual plan is here, but it's very clear that Trump and this administration are willing to send Americans into war for this. They're willing to join this war. And I wanna be clear too, that we are already very much involved in this effort, mostly from a defensive capacity. But we are very much involved in this war to the point where Wikipedia even lists the United States as one of the belligerents in the war, as long a, along with Israel. So we are, well a part of this already. Now it's going to, we gotta see, you know, how deep we're going to go into this thing.


And I've heard my entire life, Ben, as you said, at least two decades, probably more. I've heard Iran, it's gonna, they're gonna have a nuclear tomorrow, they're gonna have a nuke tomorrow, they're gonna have a nuke tomorrow. It's coming, it's coming three days away. We better take action, we better take action. So finally, president, I've heard that through, by the way, administrations of both parties. And so finally former president Barack Obama negotiated this deal. We saw Iran's nuclear program go to like zero, like they were no longer doing anything as far as a nuclear weapons program is concerned. And one of the first things Trump did in the middle of his term, he threw that deal right away. And ever since then they have been building back their nuclear program. They, now, our own intelligence agencies seem to say that at least in public, that there is no evidence that they are very close to a nuclear weapon.


But that's not what Netanyahu's saying. That's not what Trump is saying. That's not what the Warhawks and the Republican party and someone the democratic side are saying. But Tulsi Gabbard, Donald Trump's DNIA few months ago in March, she went out there and she said that Iran is not working towards a nuclear weapon right now. That's what she's said in public. And so one of the issues about all the lies that we are seeing right now is we simply don't know what to trust. We don't know what to believe. And that's one of the issues. So when I hear all this incoming from the administration, and if you turn on Fox right now, they are blood thirsty. They want a war. I mean, I'm getting flashbacks right now. What do you want? They want, they want a nukum. Yeah, they want a nuclear war. I'm getting flashbacks right now to, you know, nine 11 post nine 11 when we got into Iraq.


You know, it's the same sort of rhetoric that we're hearing. It's the same sort of, you know, war mongering. It's the same sort of, oh, you know, they're gonna get weapons or they have weapons of mass destruction or they're going to get weapons of mass destruction in just a few days. We the GOP in there now we the GOP in there now. And I'm sorry, I'm not willing to risk American troops. I'm not willing to put Americans on the line for this one. You know, people could say on the right, oh, but you thought Ukraine was a good idea, you thought? Yeah, because that prevented Americans from getting into a war. Like if you wanna really go there, Biden was actually the peace President Biden actually kept American troops out of war, kept American troops out of Ukraine, kept him out of that conflict by giving the support that we gave.


Biden actually pulled our troops out of Afghanistan and you criticized him for it because it wasn't perfect 'cause he was dealing with the fact that Trump completely screwed the whole thing up by releasing 5,000 Taliban prisoners. So don't give me that crap. Let's look at the reality of the situation. And we see right now that this Trump presidency and the way Fox is going, it feels much more like a Bush 3.0 than anything else. Mm. I think everybody should be concerned right now that the Republican party right now is ramping up this war machine just like they did in the post nine 11 world Jordy. Absolutely, Brett, and to your point, the juxtaposition between President Biden, between President Biden and Donald Trump, it cannot be more clear in this instance.


What did Biden do? He, he got us out of war. What's Trump doing? He's getting us into war. You know, look, you don't elect leaders because nothing wrong is gonna happen and bad things won't happen. You elect the leaders for when inevitably bad things happen that they're there to meet the moment and help guide you through bad and difficult situations. But what we have right now is this cist ocracy. It's the, it's the most incompetent people run running the government. You see Caroline Levitt up there. I I I'm sorry, that chief propagandist, she has a what a, a third grade reading level. I mean, when she was reading that statement, it just sounded straight outta North Korea. What are we doing?


What are we doing? And, and, and it's frustrating from, from a standpoint of, of these are American lives that are gonna be on the line, that are already on the line. And the Donald Trump and the Trump regime, they're just gonna get a pass because Fox News is buffering up their coverage and getting, you know, all of their viewers excited about nuclear war. This and no, the none of this that we're witnessing is okay. And again, this is why it's so freaking important to elect leaders that actually know what the heck they're doing and don't just wanna put their fingerprints on everything. Because that's what Donald Trump is, is doing in this, in presidency, right? When it comes to the tariffs.


Why is he doing that? The economy, right? W we we were the envy of the world, right? We, we are, the economy was going back on, on, on track under President Biden. Donald Trump comes in, oh, we're gonna do these tariffs, lemme put my fingerprints on there, let me do, and, and just totally throws everything up in shambles. And that was an year. And this was the craziest report, by the way, Trump. So when Trump was debating at first, this is a legitimate report that came out when Trump was debating at first, should the US get involved in this Iran Israel situation. Trump, you know, wasn't a hundred percent sure, but then he saw that Fox News was praising Israel's attacks on Iran and he liked the images of war, he liked the images of the bombs reigning down on Iran.


And Fox was saying how brilliant of a campaign it was because Israel was taking out the top military, the top leaders in Iran and, and nuclear scientists. And Trump wanted to feel like he was part of it. And so Trump went all in because of the way it worked on Fox News. And that's what you see. And I just wanna show you this clip, just like for context, because we're not making this up here, right? Tulsi Gabbard, this is Donald Trump's director of National Intelligence. This was Tulsi Gabbard in March of this year, speaking about whether or not Iran is actually in the process and close to building a nuclear weapon. Now, I want you to listen to what she has to say then I want you to listen to what Trump had to say in response to her comments.


When Trump was asked about what tulsi said, the intelligence, what, what they said about what is going on. Check this out. The IC continues to assess that Iran is not building a nuclear weapon. And Supreme leader Khomeini has not authorized the nuclear weapons program that he suspended in 2003. How close do you personally think that they were to getting one? Because tulsi ga very close, Tulsi GA testified in March that, that the intelligence community said Iran wasn't building a nuclear weapon. I don't Care what she said. I think they were very close to Him. I don't care. What she said is what Donald Trump said about his director of National Intelligence. Now, whether he cares or doesn't care, could you imagine a leader in any organization taken outside of this context, which is a very serious one, but just assume you were asking someone who's a CEO of a company, your CFO has said, the following about your revenue projections, I don't care what the hell my CFO has to say about revenue projections.


How do you think the stock would do of that company? And do you think investors would wanna invest in that company? Now you bring it here to the context of the director of National Intelligence, the top intelligence official in the United States, who has access across all agencies to what's supposed to be the best available data. And Donald Trump says, I don't, I don't really care about it at all. And then I'll show you this clip right here. This is Benjamin Netanyahu. Over the years, over, over the decades, various form at and various locations saying I ran as a few days away from getting a nuclear weapon. He says it over and over and over again over the past few decades.


And again, I wanna be clear, I don't want Iran to have nuclear weapons if I believed that Iran had a nuclear weapon and was about to use it against the United States or against our allies. Yes, you, you, you can convince me that action needs to be taken immediately, but you need to stop lying to me over and over and over again about literally every single freaking thing because we're talking about the lives of our soldiers. So stop making it up and then just expecting us to be like, whatever, I mean, here, let me show you the, these receipts again play this Clip. The deadline for attaining this goal is getting extremely, is extremely close in Iran.


1996 is also outpacing Iraq in the development 2000 ballistic missile systems that they hope will reach the eastern seaboard of the United States within 15 years. By next spring 2012, by next summer at current enrichment rates, they will have finished the medium enrichment and move on to the final stage. From there, it's only a few months, possibly a few weeks before they get enough rich uranium for the first bomb. The four most sponsor global terrorism could be weeks away from having enough rich uranium for an entire arsenal of nuclear weapons that would place a militant Islamic terror regime weeks away from having theile material for an entire arsenal of nuclear bombs, if not stopped Iraq 20 could produce a nuclear weapon in a very short time.


It could be a year, it could be within a few months, less than a year. Then recently they said a few days and now Donald Trump says that he will decide what he's going to do in two weeks. So Caroline Levitt was asked a thought, a good question by a reporter. Donald Trump says two weeks about Russia. He says two weeks about everything. What what's gonna really happen in the two weeks? And now you'll notice Caroline Levitt's strategy 'cause there's no good answer to it. She attacks former President Biden and just keeps on blaming Biden for the current situation. And then she goes on to take credit, she says that Trump deserves credit for the peace negotiations between Ukraine and Russia.


That by Donald Trump saying two weeks, Russia and Ukraine have had some very successful peace negotiations, which is false. If anything, things have gotten much worse, especially over the past few days with Russia attacking Ukraine, using Iranian drones. By the way, em, ballistic missiles killing people in Kyiv and across Ukraine here play this clip. There's still A substantial chance is my Question. I'm not gonna get into the reasoning in the rationale. The President believes that, but that's his position and he will make a decision within the next two weeks. Caroline? Sure. Thanks Caroline. President Trump has said previously in regard to Russia, he's used this phrase about two weeks, several times in terms of like, we expect like a two week deadline and then you give another two week deadline.


How can we be sure that he's gonna stick to this one on making a decision on Iran? Well, in those deadlines, as you've seen in respect to Russia, Ukraine, might I add, these are two very different complicated con global conflicts as you know, that the president inherited from our previous incompetent president in the weakness of the previous administration. And the president has spent a tremendous amount of time and effort cleaning up these crises that were caused by the last administration's just complete dereliction of duty on the world stage in American weakness. Now we have American strength again with respect to Russia and Ukraine. Because of that American strength and the president's leadership, we have seen these two sides engage in direct negotiations. And the last time the president said two weeks, you saw Russia and Ukraine have direct negotiations for the first time in years.


And so the president is always interested in a diplomatic solution to the problems and the global conflicts in this world. Again, he is a peacemaker in chief. He is the peace through strength president. And so if there's a chance for diplomacy, the president's always going to grab it. But he's not afraid to use strength as well. I will add, I don't even know what you are adding other than being a harm horrible human being to the world, adding your existence as just a vile and horrible lying human being. I mean, to pivot that, to attack former President Biden, when the simple question was what are you gonna do in the next two weeks? That, that was the question.


And then she says, attacks Biden. And then she says that there was some great conversations that happened between Ukraine and Putin as a result of Donald Trump saying two weeks. You know, the Trump two weeks scam. 'cause Trump's says, like I, I started off by showing the Eugene Carroll video for a reason because at his core, Donald Trump is a sexual abuser, right? Donald Trump is a felon, he is a con artist, he is a scammer, he is a bankrupt, he is a loser. He's someone who joins a sports team or a join a football team.


And then he gets tackled and then he quits the sport. He's someone who shows up at the G seven. And when he was not the center of attention, and when there was adult leadership taking place and adult conversations, no offense to like spoiled brats or like third graders or whatever it was, it was like he showed up at the sleepover party in third grade or fourth grade and nobody wanted to hang with him. And no one thought he was cool. So he called his parents and went back home and came up with like an excuse to try to leave because at his core, he is a loser.


He never had friends. People don't like him. He's a bad guy and he ruins things. He ruins things. So one of the qualities is taco, that Trump always chickens out, but part of the mechanism of taco is two weeks. It's a defensive mechanism for him to just be like, let me just see what happens. And if it goes bad, I will blame aside for it and take credit that I didn't do something. If it goes well, I will try to take credit for it and pretend that I did it. Now, that style of non-leadership results in one thing over and over again in his career, and we're seeing it now for our country bankruptcy, that's where it leads.


Because that's not an effective way to say the least about being a leader. I'm not talking even about a democratic policy or a Republican policy. I'm literally talking about being an adult, being a leader, meeting deadlines. If you are invited to a conference where you're one of the main participants, especially if it's the G seven, you stay for both days. You, you don't go home like a little baby, even if, even if they're being mean to you, you stick it out. You stay both days, you meet with the people, you handle business, you go back home. And when you're dealing with crisis, you confront it.


You show leadership, you talk about things. You don't go two weeks and go, Ooh, I like that strike by Israel. I did it. I don't like that strike. Ooh, I don't like it. You know? And I think one of the things that Donald Trump was reacting to, you know, with a lot of this and this, you know, changed the dynamic. I think Trump looked and saw that Iran was firing ballistic missiles into Tel Aviv and into sa Southern Israel. And, and they landed some missiles at some pretty high value targets. So I think Donald Trump went from going, you know, he goes back and forth, you know, I think he goes from thinking that, oh, I'm gonna do this. I'm not gonna do this, I'm gonna do this. I'm not gonna do this. And no one knows what the hell he's doing.


And so when we come back, I wanna share with you things that you're not seeing anywhere on cable news. I wanna show you what world leaders are saying about Donald Trump, that that is not being covered here. And I wanna also talk about the war against the Houthis, which America lost in America's actively covering up that we lost a war in Yemen to the Houthis who knocked out two F eighteens, seven reaper drones. Donald Trump then called them honorable people, entered into a ceasefire, promised commercial vessels would be able to traverse the Red Sea, which has not happened to this day.


And then they lie and commit fraud like Donald Trump did in his business dealings to try to act like we had some successful operation when one of the things we know is that classified information was put on signal chats and then the defense to that was put the operation was successful. No it wasn't. America lost the war to the Houthis. And no one talks about it here. Like it, we, you know, it, it again, it's like it's living in a propaganda regime where we pretend everything is beautiful, everything is good, but we'll come with the receipts after our first quick break. I want to thank everybody for helping us get to 5 million Subscribe Meidas, thank you for helping us unlock the 5 million subscriber emojis and we that, that there are so many people who became members of the Midas Touch YouTube.


We have exclusive membership content now. We're trying to grow this. Don't you worry, we're not taking down any content. We just have some additional features as well. You access the emojis. And also I do an ask the editor feature with Ron Philip Kowski. So become a member on YouTube. It's easy. You can gift memberships to people. And since we don't have outside investors, it's the way we've grown this network. So become a member now. We'll be right back after our first quick break of the show.


Look, I'm gonna be honest, I love soda and I've loved soda my whole life. Well into my twenties and my early thirties. And with all that sugar though, I just know the compounding effect. Well, I needed to try something different. Olipop is a new kind of soda that provides the classic soda taste with the health benefits of functional ingredient blend to support digestive health. Olipop is reimagining soda with high fiber and only two to five grams of sugar per can. Olipop is sold online and available in almost 50,000 retailers nationwide. Now, almost every American has some sort of relationship with soda from their childhood or their adulthood. Some people grew up drinking it all the time and then quit. And some people are still addicted to it like me and are trying to quit. OLIPOP uses functional ingredient blend to support digestive health. Olipop offers a delicious alternative to traditional soda, providing mainstream consumers with the flavor they want. Without the typical health trade-offs, 90% of Americans consume more than the USDAs daily recommended added sugar intake of 30 grams. Sweetened beverages like soda are the leading source of added sugars in the American diet. Olipop is much, much lower in sugar than conventional sodas, with only two to five grams of sugar from natural sources. There's no added sugar. Their vintage Cola has just two grams of sugar as compared to a regular Coca-Cola, which has 39 grams of sugar. Their orange squeeze has five grams of sugar compared to the orange Fanta, which has 44 grams of sugar. Get a free can of Lollipop, Buy any two cans of Lollipop in store and OLIPOP will pay you back for one. Works on any flavor, any retailer. Just head to drink OLIPOP dot com slash Midas Plus Olipop is sold online. Drink OLIPOP dot com plus Amazon and available in almost 50,000 retailers nationwide, including Costco, Walmart, target, Publix, whole Foods, Kroger, and heb. Again, head to drink Olipop dot com slash Midas. Plus


I need to tell you about our incredible sponsor dupe.com. Have you ever fallen in love with a couch, lamp or rug online and then your soul leaves your body when you see the price tag? Well, I'm gonna let you know a little secret called dupe.com. It's ridiculously easy to use. All you have to do is type dupe.com/before any product URL, and it instantly shows you similar and more affordable alternatives. These aren't sketchy knockoffs either. Here's the thing most people don't realize. Most furniture sold online is mass produced in the exact same factories. Those factories then sell to brands under different names, who then list them for different prices. dupe.com automatically lists these less expensive alternatives for you, so you're not overpaying just for some brand name. Millions of people have already used Dupe to save money and it's 100% free to use that $5,000 cloud sofa. You don't think you could justify the beautiful mid-century dresser you've had bookmarked forever. Dupe will find you a similar item, sometimes even the same item for 60, 70, even 80% off. With dupe.com, you can finally decorate the house of your dreams without going broke. dupe.com isn't just about furniture either. Dupe works for fashion, shoes, jewelry, and more. dupe.com really is so easy to use. Just type DUP e.com/before any product URL in your browser. And boom, it instantly finds the less expensive alternatives. They even have an app and a browser extension you can download. No account required, no signup required. It's completely free to use. Stop wasting money on brand names and start saving with duke.com today.


Shout out to our sponsors, links in description in both the YouTube and the audio. Use the links, use the codes, let them know we sent you Olipop. I'm telling you, I'll drink of the summer for sure. Check it out. dupe.com brand brand new incredible site. They actually have a heavy social media presence. Let them know that we're talking about them tonight. Show 'em some love. Real quick, a couple quick housekeeping things before I toss it over to Ben. Guys, we're Midas mighty. We passed 5 million Subscribe Meidas as we mentioned earlier. That's all thanks to you guys. And if I recall, I, I think I made a little bit of a prediction here about less than 10 days ago. Brett, do we have that video? The might as mighty never let us down when we make this prediction.


I believe that we will hit 5 million YouTube, Subscribe, Meidas and buy or before July 1st. So that's 20 odd days right now, depending on when you're listening to this. Don't, don't make me look like a fool. Y'all the mightest mighty have never let us down before we are on our way. We're about 90,000, 89,000. Subscribe Meidas. Y'all hit subscribe right now if you haven't yet. We're gonna hit 5 million before July 1st book market. Let's revisit this in 20 days. Well, we revisited it 10 days sooner. You guys are the best man. This is the the mightiest mighty, this community, the greatest community of all time, y'all. We were 90,000 Subscribe Meidas away just 10 days ago, kind of nuts on.


And, and now, and now we're here at 5 million Subscribe Meidas. This is a a win from us all for for all of us, for all of you. And so I wanna do something special store dot Midas Plus touch.com. Use code mighty today at checkout and you'll get a discount on your whole order. Use code mighty M-I-G-H-T-Y and you'll get a 10% discount on your entire order at store dot Midas Plus touch.com. Y'all never let us down. Thank you guys so much. Benji, where to next? Brett, you mentioned that when it comes to Donald Trump Taring the world and then saying he's gonna do 90 deals in 90 days, and he's basically done zero deals in 90 days. I don't know what it was that he dropped and made Prime Minister Keir Starer pick up and bend on his knees.


'cause Donald Trump wouldn't pick it up himself when they were talking together. But that certainly isn't a trade deal, right? Trade deals are hundreds of pages or thousands of pages long. It looked like it was three pieces of blank paper that fell on the floor. And just think about that scene. Donald Trump drops him on the floor. The prime minister of the United Kingdom has to like bend down on his knees in front of Donald Trump and crawl like a toddler to pick up the pieces of paper while Donald's like, oh. And, and then, and then ki is like, those, those papers are quite important, you know, and I'm watching this and I'm like, what the hell is happening? And the only thing that that even relates to is giving preferential treatment to Rolls Royce Bentley and Land Rover over American auto manufacturer.


So I, I don't, I don't consider that a trade deal, okay? I've seen trade deals, that's not a trade deal. Maybe a memorandum of understanding that gave the UK benefits on their automobile industry. And certainly we don't have a trade deal with China. We just imposed 145% tariffs and then reduced them to 30%, then added them back to 55%. Okay? So that's not a trade deal. Brett, you said that one of the issues like when you listen to Prime Minister Ishiba of Japan or the European Union, Vander Laan or just whoever they go, we don't even know what the hell the Americans are saying, right? Like, we don't know what we don't know. We don't even understand the words that there's, what, what is it that you are asking us for? Like, we can't negotiate with people who we don't even know.


But Brett, the other point is that how do you negotiate with people who breach the deals? You know, when it comes to Iran, Donald Trump's the one who pulled out of Obama's nuclear deal that didn't just involve the United States. It involved a lot of our allies in the G seven. It also brought in China and Russia. It had a lot of control mechanisms and Donald Trump breached that agreement. So no further than that. I'll go further than that for a second, right? Because you could say, oh, but that was Obama's deal, so this is gonna be his deal. So he'll obviously stick to it. Well, may I present to you the US MCA, the US Mexico, Canada trade deal that we did, that Trump did in his first term that he now has literally said, I think a couple times he's been like, whoever did that deal is an idiot.


Like, like he won't like say things. It's like, you did the deal, actually, you're the one who did that deal and you blew it up. There's, and there's, there's countless examples. Trump did the trade deal with Japan. So when he's now negotiating with Japan and saying it's a horrible deal, they're like, that that was your deal. Like what, what, what, what is it that you want us to do? And then you asked do of, of all of the bad faith and all of the things that he's doing and all of the, the fake deals though, he's been asked, what is the deal you are most proud of? Because our corporate media here treats him like a toddler and, you know, and they, they don't get care about accountability. It's like, Donald, Donald, what what of all of the amazing deals you've, he's done none.


He's done zero deals and, and everything he's done has been wrong. What, what would you say is the deal that makes you the proudest? And he's, you know, and he lives in this like fantasy world. It would be like, Ben, what is your greatest accomplishment that you've done over the past year? And I was like, oh, it, it's, it's easy. The the past accomplishment was I ran five marathons and I did 'em in record time. And, and it was incredible. You, I, I beat the fastest runners in the United, there was nobody faster than me. And it was an incredible achievement. And then after I ran my last marathon, I did a, a speech in front of a crowd. It was so big.


50,000 people showed up and the speech was so good that they're gonna award me a Nobel Peace Prize. They say, they say the committee's already voting on it, and they said, the speech you've done was so good. And they said, you know what? We're thinking about giving you two Nobel priest by like, you, you just, it's easy to just make just like random things up. Like, so, but, but that's, it's like, but Donald Trump is doing that where the counterparty is like India. They have like a billion people and, and the ramifications are real. So, so Donald Trump says the best deal he's made so far is that when it's come to the, the, the brief war between India and Pakistan following the terrorist attacks in cashmere, Donald Trump said he negotiated himself the ceasefire, he mediated the ceasefire, he brought the parties together, he dangled trade in front of them and said, Hey, India, hey Pakistan, you wanna do some trade with the United States, become friends.


They became friends and Donald Trump did it. He should thus get a Nobel Peace prize. That's what Donald Trump has said. And this has pissed off. India really hasn't pissed off Pakistan that much because for Pakistan they've put money into Donald Trump's family crypto business. And then they got an invite to the White House. Did you know on Tuesday, it was a Tuesday or Wednesday, the, I think it was Wednesday, the chief of the Pakistan army was quietly in, in the White House meeting with Donald Trump pretty soon after they put money in a crypto company owned by, owned by the Trumps Modi, did not show up at the White House. Modi called Donald Trump. 'cause Modi, the prime minister of India and Trump were supposed to meet at the G seven on Tuesday.


And Donald Trump was supposed to meet with Zelinsky and President Claudia Scheinbaum and, and Prime Minister Ishiba of Japan and others as well. But Trump. But Trump was too scared to meet them. And Modi's been absolutely pissed. You didn't do that deal. It's infringing on India's sovereignty. And so India's foreign minister had to give an address to the people of India communicating the 35 minute call about what went down and what Modi had to tell Trump, here play this clip. I Think the deal I'm most proud of is the fact that we're dealing with India, we're dealing with Pakistan, and we were able to stop potentially a nuclear war through trade as opposed through bullets. You know, normally they do it through bullets, we do it through trade.


So I'm very proud of that. Prime Minister Modi troops clearly told President Trump that during this entire episode, there was never any discussion at any level about an India US trade deal or US mediation between India and Pakistan. The discussion to halt military action occurred directly between India and Pakistan through existing channels, between both armies and was made at Pakistan's request. Prime Minister Modi family stated that India has neither accepted mediation, nor does it do so and never will do.


There is complete political unanimity on this subject in India, president Trump understood the details explained by the Prime Minister and expressed support for India's fight against terrorism. Prime Minister Modi also said that India analysis, terrorism not as a proxy war, but as a war, That's what Donald Trump said was his greatest accomplishment, was a deal that the prime minister of India saying, stop saying you did a deal. You didn't do a deal. And everybody in the international community is just mocking him and they're laughing at him.


And at the G seven they were laughing at him and they were all talking about, oh, you're doing social media posts now, Macron, ha ha ha. They were just laughing and mocking Donald Trump in his absence. Going back to the example that I gave, you know, the kid who leaves the sleepover or leaves the party early and calls mommy and has to leave, it's kind of like that. And then everybody's like making fun of the kid who left. You know that that's what they were doing to Trump at the G seven. Like the guy left. Like, what's wrong with like, what's absolutely wrong with this guy? And just think about it like this, Trump's lied and claimed that Xi Jinping had phone conversations with him before they ever spoke. And Donald Trump's like, I told Xi Jinping, don't be embarrassed that you've called me.


It's okay. You have nothing to be ashamed about. And then China had to keep saying, there's no conversations. They're not talking, they, what do they, what are they even talking about? And then Donald Trump's like making up, he's like, the Ayatollah wants to come to the White House, he wants to meet me right here in the White House, and here I'll show you what Trump said. And then Iran through their UN delegation, had to, had to respond. And they're like, no, we, we don't, we don't want to come to the White House. We have no interest in being there. We're not gonna negotiate under threats. But here's what Donald Trump said about the Ayatollah wanting to come to the White House. In the end, they decided not to do it, and now they wish they did it and they wanna meet, but it's, you know, it's a little late to meet, but they wanna meet and they want to come to the White House.


They'll even come to the White House. So, we'll see. I may, I may do that, but it's, it's a shame it wasn't, could have been done the easy way. You know, it's a shame that I find myself thinking the Aya told is probably right when it comes to who's telling the truth in this situation about coming to the White House and as an American as between the guy there with Donald Trump who's speaking with the NTUs Italian football club behind him. I don't know if people who people on audio, you can't see it, but to our, our viewers, there's a football team for American, a soccer club randomly standing behind Donald Trump as he tries to bait them later on in that press conference to make anti-trans remarks.


And they did not take the bait. But he's speaking with NTUs and he's again, just saying, you know, the, the, the same type of Oval Office press conferences where Donald Trump claims that there's a genocide taking place against white South African Africans, you know, directly. And then fusA, the president of South Africa brings the white agriculture minister from the party who like represents the white africaners and fusA iss. Like, do you think that this white guy would be here, Donald, if we're doing a genocide against the white, he's here speak white guy. And then the agriculture minister's like, yeah, I'm a white guy, we're not being genocided here.


We don't know what you're talking about. And then the people at South Africa are like, yeah, we think you're crazy. There's violence, there's issues with raids against farms that affect black South Africans and white South Africans. But the guy's a loon Trump's a Luna. We are dealing with a actual lunatic. Again, that's why I started the episode with the Eugene Carroll clip because again, we're dealing with someone of who's always a liar, who's a fraud, who's a sexual abuser, you know, who's who's, who's a crap human being. And, and it just, it just sucks. Not just as an American, you know, when, when you have Xi Jinping, you know, making these comments and seeming like a more responsible actor than Donald Trump, that's crazy as an American to have to be like that.


But when I follow the objective data, and I'm saying who, based on what we know right now, who's probably more accurately telling the truth in this specific situation by looking at the external data, how, what, what a what a what a horrible observation to even have to make in a situation like this. And, and, and, and I wanna talk about, and I want to turn to as well, well, let me show you this clip first though too. Where Donald Trump, again with NTUs Football Club in the background, okay? That, that's where he decides to say this, how he doesn't want to cease fire at all, and that he wants unconditional surrender, unconditional victory against Iran here playing this clip.


The President Emmanuel Macron of France the other day, the G seven Sounded like, no, he's a nice guy. Look, he said, I was going back home to make a ceasefire, not a ceasefire. We're long beyond ceasefire. And I said, why do you say that? Why would you say ceasefire? It's a bad term to use. 'cause a ceasefire means like, everything's going swimmingly. We'll take a little time off. It's not, we're not looking for a ceasefire, we're looking for a total complete victory. Again, you know what the victory is? No nuclear weapon, Mr. President. So it was, I thought it was a very badly worded statement by him, and obviously I let him know that on this Southern border, wouldn't you want a ceasefire to then negotiate a denuclearization?


And if you're making social media posts like unconditional surrender exclamation point and saying, we're going to kill, like in kills in cap exclamation point, the ayatollah, i, i, I just, it would surprise me then that the Ayatollah would say, you know what? I wanna come to the White House. I wanna see those big polls of yours that you are putting up on the north and south lawn. And just think about that scene as Donald Trump's actual poll numbers are plummeting. And, and as Donald Trump is so insecure about his own inadequacies, he has to erect gigantic poles in the White House that look like an eyesore in front of it.


I want to talk about that. I wanna talk about the situation with the Houthis. I wanna talk about much more. Everybody reminder become members right now to the Midas Touch YouTube page really helps grow, I mean, Midas touch networks, since we built this without outside investors, it unlocks the emojis. It unlocks members features. It's, you can gift memberships to others here. So if you've ever wanted to make a big contribution to the Midas Touch Network, it was like, how do I do it? There's really no limit. And then everybody can get members if you wanna gift everybody, you know, members. So it's a fun way to help grow the network and unlock some membership features. Let's take our last quick break of the show and when we'll come back. I, I wanna talk about this Houthis situation, since it's not getting enough attention.


I want to talk about Jerome Powell, the chairman of the Federal Reserve, and what he said this week and maybe a few other things. But let's be, let's take our last quick break of the show.


This episode of the Midas Touch Podcast is brought to you by Wildgrain. Wildgrain is the first bake from frozen subscription box for artisanal breads, pastries, and pastas. Wild grains boxes are fully customizable to your taste and dietary restrictions. In addition to their classic variety box, they recently launched a new gluten free box and a plant-based box that is 100% vegan. Best of all, they take the hassle out of baking since all items bake from frozen in 25 minutes or less with no mess or cleanup. Now my personal experience with Wildgrain has been incredible. I wouldn't steer you wrong. It's super convenient and all the products are high quality and super fresh. I cannot say enough good things about Wildgrain and I know that you're gonna love them as much as I do. Are you ready to bring all your favorite carbs right to your doorstep? Be sure to check out Wildgrain so you can begin building your own box for artisanal breads, pastas, and pastries. For a limited time, Wildgrain is offering our listeners $30 off the first box PLUS free Croissants in every box when you go to Wildgrain dot com slash Midas Plus to start your subscription.


Long work weeks and busy weekends can leave you feeling and looking depleted. ProLon five day fasting mimicking diet works at the cell dealer level to rejuvenate you from the inside out, providing real results. And now they're upping their game with the new Next Gen five day program, delivering the same science-backed benefits in a cleaner, more convenient and more flavorful format. ProLon is a plant-based nutrition program featuring soups, snacks, and beverages designed to nourish the body while keeping it in a fasting state triggering cellular rejuvenation and renewal. NextGen builds on the original ProLon with 100% organic soups and teas, a richer taste and ready to eat meals developed over decades. At uscs Longevity Institute and backed by top US Medical Centers. ProLon has been shown to support biological age reduction, metabolic health, skin appearance, fat loss, and energy. Now I did the five day program and I feel so much better now. I can't wait to experience ProLon Next Gen and continue to see results. For a limited time, you can be first in line to experience the new Next gen at Special savings. ProLon is offering the Midas Touch Podcast listeners 15% off site-wide, plus a $40 bonus gift when you subscribe to their five day program. Just visit ProLon life.com/ Midas Plus, that's P-R-O-L-O-N-L-I-F e.com/ Midas. Plus to claim your 15% discount and your bonus gift, ProLon life.com/ Midas Plus


Delete Me makes it easy, quick, and safe to remove your personal data online at a time when surveillance and data breaches are common enough to make everyone vulnerable. As someone with a public profile and active digital presence, I know just how unsettling it is to realize your address, phone number or even family members' names are floating around on dozens, sometimes hundreds of data broker sites Without your permission, that's why I signed up for Delete Me. Delete Me does all the hard work of wiping you and your family's personal information from data broker websites, you simply let them know what information you want removed and their privacy experts take care of the rest. They even send a personalized reports so you can see what they found and what they've successfully removed. And it's not a one and done deal. Delete Me. Keeps working, monitoring and cleaning up your data regularly. Take control of your data and keep your private life private by signing up for Delete Me. Now at a special discount for our listeners. Get 20% off your Delete Me Plan when you go to join Delete Me dot com slash midas and use promo code Midas at checkout. The only way to get 20% off is to go to join Delete Me dot com slash midas and enter code Midas M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout. That's join Delete Me dot com slash midas code Midas.


Let's go. Shout out to our sponsors links, inde description, both YouTube and the audio. Use the links, use the codes. If there's an exit survey, let them know we sent you One of the cool things about doing, working on the brand side of things, like I, I've become very close friends with all of these brands and like the people who manage them and they watch the show like they're big fans, wild Grains, big fan ProLon, big fan, Delete Me, big fan. So show them some love. Honestly, we, we wouldn't market this stuff if it, if it wasn't actually good. So check 'em out, use our codes. And then just last reminder before I kick it back to Ben store, Midas Plus touch.com, promo code mighty M-I-G-H-T-Y, 10% discount on everything. Thanks to y'all for making me not look like a jerk for hitting 5 million.


Subscribe Meidas within the 10 day window that I knew we'd do it in. So store out Midas touch.com, promo code mighty at checkout, Benji, where to next? America spent hundreds of millions of dollars, potentially billions, we don't really know because our defense department covers everything up. But in a war with the Houthis in Yemen that America lost, and America media doesn't provide any reporting on that fact. We just hear Pete Hegseth wear his stupid camou while wearing a stupid camouflage tie go. We destroyed him. Lethality, lethality. America cannot defeat the Houthis.


It pains me to say that, but it's just the reality. What was the mission? Why were we targeting the Houthis in the first place? Because American commercial vessels were not able to transverse or travel through the Red Sea because of Houthis strikes on American commercial vessels. So the success of this mission, which was an actual real war, although it wasn't called that, was to allow American commercial vessels back in the Red Sea and to allow United States military to make strategic strikes on the Houthis to allow that to take place. Well, America lost two F 18 hornets in the region.


That mysteriously disappeared. We never got a good explanation of what happened. It was like they fell off the ship. Okay? And then we lost seven Reaper drones above Yemen, seven reaper drones at least. And it, it could potentially be more. And then remember before the commercial break where Donald Trump said, why would I do a ceasefire like as those ceasefires are just bad and, and show weakness? And, and, and our pathetic, it's gotta be unconditional surrender and victory. Well, remember back on May 7th, 2025, what Donald Trump said about the Houthis. I know there's a lot of news and a lot of distractions out there, but remember Donald Trump said that we entered into a ceasefire with the Houthis.


He called them honorable people about six times in this press conference. He called the terrorist group, the Houthis Honorable people. And he said how much he respects their word, and he trusts that. How do you respect the word? And you trust the Houthis and notice what he says. And he goes, and we will be able to have our commercial vessels now in the Red Sea Mission accomplished. So watch what he does on May 7th, play this clip. Take A look. But you know, we had really a very good, as you know, we had a very good outcome with the Houthis and we honor their word. I mean, they made a commitment and we dealt with other countries that were close to them and their surrogates, and we honor all of their words.


We will see what happens. But I think, you know, I, I believe that hopefully that's over with, and they'll leave the ships alone. You know, just leave those ships alone. But so we do, we take their word for it. It was, you know, we hit them very hard. They had a great capacity to withstand punishment. They, they took tremendous punishment. And, you know, you could say there's a lot of bravery there that it, I, it was amazing what, what they took. But we honor their commitment and their word, they gave us their word that they wouldn't be shooting ships anymore. And we honor that. What the hell is that? That sounds like he's, like, wants to have a romantic relationship with the Houthis.


Like when has he ever talked about any group like that? Like at, at all honorable people. I respect their word. So brave. Such incredible people. They gave me my, they gave me the word American commercial vessels will be in the Red Sea. Okay, well, secretary of Defense, former Fox host, Pete Eth, was recently on Capitol Hill in, you know, this was what, mid to late June now. And he was asked by Democratic Congress member Seth Moulton, Congress member Moulton's been on the Midas Touch Network numerous times. I've interviewed him. He's a veteran. He did four tours of duty in Iraq. He knows his stuff. He asks Heif, how many American commercial vessels since then have been able to be in the Red Sea?


The answer is zero. Now watch Heif like the weasel that he is. Try to pretend that there was a victory. But these are losers. Again, I'm not trying to get political. I'm talking about character Trump heif, the whole crew of them are loser, loser, loser human beings. Watch this. You talked about the success of the Houthis operation. About how much money did it cost? How much money did you spend on missiles shooting at the Houthis? Well, you'd have to compare that with what it Cost. I'm just asking how many, how much did it cost? Vert our shipping lanes around, I'm told it's several hundred million dollars, maybe close to a billion dollars. How many US flagged commercial ships have transited the Red Sea since your so-called successful operation?


Well, thankfully, unlike the previous administration, The answer is zero Military vessels transit. No, no, no. I didn't ask em military vessels. I asked commercial, well, which would be for, for how many commercial vessels? It's been several weeks. How many commercial vessels US flagged have Trans Red Sea? Would you, Mr. Congressman, put civilian Chips through? The questions are not to me or military secretary, they're to you. We have responsibly put Military first. The answer is zero. I reclaim my time. And Going back to the example, these are the kids in school who didn't do their homework, who didn't prepare, you know, who think that they're smarter than everybody. It's only hurting ourselves. Like when Defense secretary Pete Hegseth behaves that way, or Caroline Levitt.


Okay, you're trying to win a news cycle with an oligarchical American corporate news that's gonna parrot what you're saying. Oh, oh, okay. But you are gonna screw the country. Like there's an objective reality out there and, and it ain't what you are doing. And you saw Donald Trump claimed commercial vessels would be in the Red Sea, and you saw Hegseth try to wiggle out of it. And remember, this is where our classified information was put in signal chats about the operation. I don't know, maybe the Houthis had access to that classified information. Maybe the reason that seven Reaper drones and two F eighteens were decimated.


You know, who, you know, maybe the other side has intel. I don't know if that's the case, but I know that the regime that we have here in the United States lies to us over and over again because I'll tell you where they're most comfortable doing sh doing crap like this. They took down Hillary Clinton's portrait on the first lady hallway in the White House. And you know what? They replaced it with a photo of Donald Trump's face as the American flag. So as Donald Trump is saying that he's a first lady, he's putting his the a weirdo flag. That's funny framing. Well, I mean, why, why would, why would it go there? I mean, our audio listeners, congratulations that you don't have to even see what this photo looks like.


You know, do, do. Donald Trump likes posting this now as he's going to golf. This is what he posted an hour ago. Too many non-working holidays in America. It is costing our country billions of dollars to keep all these businesses closed. The workers don't want it either. Soon we'll end up having a holiday for every once working day of the year. It must change if we are going to make America great again. It's because Donald Trump is a racist and doesn't like Juneteenth. And that, that's now how he's messaging this like a little, that's his way of winking as he's going to play golf. While there could be on the verge of World War III or, or nuclear chaos breaking out, if, if you take Donald Trump at his own work, you take what Trump and Fox are saying at their own word in the next 24 to 48 hours, Iran can have a nuclear weapon and they're preparing to direct it at New York.


That's what they've been saying, that there will be mushroom clouds in New York. So we need to take action immediately urgently. But first Donald trump's the a gulf and then two weeks needs to pass, and then maybe another two weeks, and then maybe he compounds the two weeks and merges it with the trade deadlines. And then maybe, I don't know, maybe he'll start talking to the ayatollah about tariffs or maybe the ayatollah buy some Trump crypto and works with the Pakistanis and then buys Trump crypto May, maybe that's why the chief of staff of the Pakistan army was there representing the Ayatollah to talk about a crypto who, who the hell knows what these idiots are doing.


But we are a country run by idiots right now. Absolute complete and total idiots right now is what's going on. And just take a look at the stagflation warning that's taking place right now. According to the Fed, they are now predicting a brutal mix for 2025 inflation up to 3% growth, down to 1.4% unemployment, up to 4.5%. They're holding interest rates steady for now. They still expect two cuts this year. But there was supposed to be a lot more cuts and earlier cuts had Donald Trump just did nothing and not declare a trade war against the world.


I think we have this clip of Donald Trump with construction workers behind him, where Trump is asked, is the US moving closer to striking Iranian nuclear facilities? And this is when Donald Trump was showing the big polls he's putting up in the north and south lawn. I just want you to listen to his response right here and how he talks about this. Like, I, I, as I play this, I want you to think about the speeches of the FDRs and the Trumans and the Eisenhowers and the JFK's, right? You know, Obama. And, and, and we're talking about war.


We're talking about potential nuclear war. And here's how Donald Trump frames the issue when he's asked about, is America gonna get potentially involved in World War ii? Here's his response. Let's play it. Will you strike the Iranian nuclear component and what time exactly, sir, sir, would you strike it? Would you please inform us so we can be there and watch? I mean, you don't know that I'm gonna even do it. You, you don't know. I may do it. I may not do it. I mean, nobody knows what I'm gonna do. I can tell you this. I may do it, I may not do it. I don't know. Let me speak to these construction workers behind me who I'm using as props. Can you believe it? I started off with a press conference with NTUs randomly.


I have the Italian football club standing behind me as I talk about nuclear war. And then I start telling them, you guys believe the Democrats wanna turn everybody? Transgender. Transgender for everybody. What the hell? Transgender for everybody. What weirdo dystopian sick world do these people like, like inhabit transgender for all? What are they? Talk, just stop bullying marginalized community. What the hell are you doing? It's a transgender for everybody. And, and, and, and then he's there saying, maybe I do it. Maybe I don't do it. I don't, I I don't, I don't even know. I don't do we have the clip where he talks about golfing and, and how he, so now he's going golfing.


But here's the clip where he, he was the longing and whining about how much he hasn't been able to golf lately because he's had a deal with work as he basically attacks Americans for taking a holiday Here. Play this clip. When You, when you find time in your schedule 35 club championships, you all know this. I go back 35 club championships. I haven't hit a ball in three weeks. Go away. Time to get out there. It's time to a little busy. Would you rather have me be doing what I'm doing? I think of course, in the end, see, the way they have that hoisted, it's great. 'cause if you lift it up from one, you have to lift it from the bottom.


But you have to get it there. But if you lifted it from without that, the whole thing would split. I'm looking at a crazy person, like a straight up crazy human being. Like a a i I do not want to allow him to dodge accountability. And I don't want to ever make light in any way about mental illness at all. Period. Full stop. I I'm looking there. I I don't know how else to describe what it is that I'm seeing other than we all see it. And I'm tired of being gaslit into acting like that. That's some normal stuff because I'm telling you in, in the international community, when you see what they're saying at the G seven, when you see what they're saying outside of the G seven human beings, other than our zombified contingent of Americans who, who are into this stuff and the rest of the world's, like what the hell has happened to America?


And, and, and kind of the Fox news, cable news propaganda. That's not normal. And most Americans though, to the international news, and you saw us all out there protesting on no kings. Like we recognize that's not okay. That's not normal. I don't even need to give it descriptive language other than you've observed that and we just know No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Basic I'm talking about in any position anywhere. Could, could you imagine if in your company or in a nonprofit or in a social gathering, you just had someone who was going around say 35 club championships when he didn't win 30.


You know, he like makes up that he wins 35 club championships. You know, you want me to tell you about the boy? I don't think I'm gonna tell you about the boy. What in the hell is that Brett And the people that he is the person he was speaking to, there was Brian Glenn, Marjorie Taylor, Greene's boyfriend. So one of the things that he does here is at all these press briefings, now you have kind of the corporate press. You got a few of them, you know, still in the room. And then you got a bunch of these right wing doesn't even do it, it just straight up, or like Russian propaganda press that's in the room with him. So you got the Marjorie Taylor Greene's boyfriends, you got, you know, the other OAN people, newsmax people. And they fill the rooms and they ask just the most insane questions. The way they word the questions are all just absolutely insane.


Like, I think it's, let me see, I I, if I remember correctly, there's like the question that they asked Levitt this morning about Lindsey Graham. And it was like, just everything about the way they asked the question and, and everything just showed you the level of reporter that we're dealing with in this, in, in this new regime. Watch this. So Rhino Warmonger, Lindsey Graham, he recently called on the us you know, all in, that's Quite the lead to a question, Right? What, what's your message to everyday Trump supporters? Not, not the Tucker Carlsons or other big names, but everyday Trump supporters grassroots who voted for the President Trump to stop the wars, rejected this in the primary going into another war, but voting against Haley.


And they want see non-US involvement in this war. What's your message? Trust in President Trump. President Trump has incredible instincts. And President Trump kept America and the world safe in his first term. And as president, all Right, you, you, you get it. We, we, we live in North Korea right now. Okay? Like, you see that, right? The, the, the person who asked the question ans asked the question, rhino Warmonger, Lindsey Graham. That's how he began his question, which was even a little too much for Caroline Levitt, who was like, oh, that's quite the way I started. Start the question. Maybe hide it a little better next time. And then our question, trust on President Trump, he's all knowing he is great. This is what we're dealing with right now. So on the one hand, we have a very complicit kind of mainstream press.


Who's, by the way, much better than that? Okay, I am gonna be very clear about that. I'll take them any day over whatever the hell that was. And then you got these people in there and you got these people covering it. So my message as we sort of wrap things up here is remain vigilant out there. Understand that the information that's coming to you from a lot of these sources may be packaged as news. A lot of it's bullshit, a lot of it's propaganda. And so it's be, it becomes harder and harder to sift through it. I think one of our jobs that we view, you know, one of the things we view as our jobs here is to sift through it and to try to find the real stories. What's actually going on here with the Houthis, what's actually going on with the, you know, India, Pakistan situation. What's actually going on and around? And it's not easy and we're gonna get it wrong, you know, sometimes, for sure.


But we're gonna, always gonna try to, to figure out the truth in that. I even had some folks reach out to us from Japan, Japan, listeners of the Midas Touch podcast, Japanese listeners, and they said, I, I thank you so much for showing that clip of the Indian Foreign Minister, because even in my country here, they were reporting what Trump said, that Trump was the person who did that deal between India and Pakistan. So thanks for clearing that up for me. And I think we just all need to constantly be shining light on this darkness that we are seeing here. Jordy, I put the hat on 'cause you know I'm about to get serious. Oh no, Caroline Levitt said, kept America safe like he did under his first presidency.


There were Moog, there were Mobil morgues under Donald Trump's first presidency. Millions of people lost their lives under Donald Trump's first president. Mobile morgues kept America safe under Donald Trump's first. Well, he said like a miracle. It was all gonna go like a miracle. And, and, and, and that's what I wanted. In two weeks, it's gonna go away like a miracle again. Another two weeks. It's just gonna go away. You know what? Un frigging believable, what we witness day in and day out. But Midas mighty, I truly thank y'all for sticking with us every step of the way, putting your heads down, taking the receipts and the data that we bring to the show and spreading it with your larger communities.


Because we refuse to be gaslit by folks like Caroline Levitt and Donald Trump and this Trump regime. Benji, everybody get 10% off with code Mighty at store. Dot midas touch.com right now, subscribe on audio, leave a five star review. We're so grateful for everyone. Become a member. Gift memberships to other people on YouTube. Check out Midas Plus dot com and thank you everybody for your support. None of this is possible without you. Jordy, take it away. Shout out to the Midas Mighty Can't get enough.


Midas. Check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.