
It's turn time. And with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 plus in President elect states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non-controllable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including token expiration and max wager amount C terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcast to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads,


Donald Trump's leaked war plan scandal gets worse and Donald Trump's coverup blows up. We'll discuss. Democrats win big in Pennsylvania's special election this week. They flipped a plus 15 Trump District in Lancaster County and captured a state senate seat that did not go blue since 1889. Also, Democrats officially reclaimed the Pennsylvania State House now Democrats I the Wisconsin Supreme Court seat. That race has an election coming up on April 1st, and they've got some special elections in Florida for the House of Representatives.


Also, the Trump regime's Greenland trip just got canceled. The Greenlanders stood up to the Trump regime. They prepared a massive protest after it was announced that Usha Vance, JD Vance's wife and JD and National Security Advisor and Chief Leaker, Mike Waltz, were going to be showing up in Greenland. Not a single Greenland would invite them to their homes when they were trying to stage a PR stunt. And so the Trump regime had to cancel the trip because they knew that they would be brutally humiliated. Canadian Prime Minister, Mark Carney gave a powerful speech today after Trump imposed 25% across the board, tariffs on automobiles across the world.


Prime Minister Kearney said essentially the United States is not a friend anymore. They're not a reliable partner. Canada has moved on. Canada is looking elsewhere. Consumer expectations are looking elsewhere as well. Here in the United States, as they plummet, Trump's support is plummeting. Americans expect there's gonna be a recession, a great recession, or even something worse on the horizon based on Donald Trump's reckless and disastrous policies. Donald Trump also had to pull the nomination of Elise St as the ambassador to the United Nations, fearing that the the GOP would lose her congressional seat, a plus 21 or so Trump district, no longer safe in the world of Trump and Doge and Elon Musk's wrecking ball to social security, Medicaid firing veterans.


People are pissed. Elise DE's appointment to be the ambassador pulled. She went ultra maga and it backfired. Some might call that karma. Also, we're learning more about the identities of a lot of these migrants who were kidnapped in the United States by the Trump regime. Were actually finding out that a lot of these people were here lawfully, lawful asylum seekers who are now in concentration camps in El Salvador as Donald Trump's Secretary of Homeland Security and dog killer Christie Nome stood in front of said El Salvador concentration camp prison, wearing a $60,000 Rolex and threatening others in the United States here lawfully that this will happen to you as well.


We've got a lot to discuss here on the Midas Touch podcast. I've, Ben Marcella is joined by Brett and Jordy a lot there to unpack. A lot to unpack, and we're gonna unpack it all. Brett here with the Midas Touch Podcast, great to be here with The brothers, great to be here. With everybody listening, everybody watching, thank you for subscribing on audio on Spotify, on Apple, on all the things. Rating at Five Stars. We appreciate it. Fear and loathing in Mar-a-Lago Fear and loathing in the Trump White House. That is the theme of the day, and that's what we are seeing. And we noted on the last episode this seismic shift that we were seeing on the ground. We've of course, that we have seen the town halls over these past few weeks, but there was certainly an energy shift, a seismic event that occurred over the past weekend when we saw these Bernie Sanders rallies, these a OC rallies.


There has been a major, Donald Trump's administration has been put on the defense as a result of these war plan leaks, where now the coverup is getting worse than the crime as it often does. The Trump administration is trying to pull a full 1984 on US citizens. Remember that quote from 1984? The party told you to reject the evidence of your eyes and ears. It was their final most essential command. Well, that is exactly what they are trying to do right now here with these war plan texts saying, oh, they weren't warp leaks, they weren't plans. We didn't have any times in it. It's like, bro, we actually see, we have the texts, okay, we see what happened.


So at least take responsibility. Say you're gonna fix the problem and move on, but don't lie to my face and think and act like I am stupid. Your followers may wanna believe that your followers may want to shovel in your lies and eat that all up as Fox shovels in there. Bullshit in people's faces, but not us. Uhuh not here at the Midas Touch Network. A lot to unpack folks. Oh my gosh, let's get into it. First we gotta check in with Jordy. Jordy, what's up? Love excited J look at that. Excited. Thanks for thanks. But yes, store mis touch.com. Let's go. Excited for today's show. And Brett, you're exactly right. That's why last show when we talked about Hgf, like claiming that the text that it, it was a hoax.


What is he even talking about? We, we have screenshots like people have eyes, people are are smart hgf, whether you wanna believe it or not, people see right through your lies. The administration's lies time and time again. They back themselves into a corner. That, to your point, exactly Brett, you know, the coverup is seemingly becoming worse than, than, than what they did with Signal. This is really, really wild stuff. And real quick before we toss it to Ben, Ben Usha Vance, right there. She put together such a nice little video for, for the folks over at Greenland, I'm shocked with all the high quality production value with all the time she took to make that video that they rejected her big bro. Why would they do such a thing? Oh shit.


Look, look, look, Jordy, the Trump regime is taking their ball of MAGA orange feces. They're throwing it against the wall. They're seeing what sticks right now. And none of it is sticking the, that's quite visual. International community is grossed out. Americans are disgusted. And this signal scandal, signal gate, as it's being called it highlights theocracy. The Idiocracy, the fact that the Trump regime doesn't give a crap about our troops. They don't focus on any details and it just highlights, whoa, whoa, whoa. So you've all been focused on firing veterans and engaging in a hostile takeover of the federal government and falsely defaming people and saying, you're firing all these hardworking Americans for cause saying they're doing a bad job.


You're attacking people's Medicaid and me and getting rid of Social Security administration offices. And meanwhile, y'all are having chats about war plans on text message group chats called the Houthis PC small group. And then you invited a reporter named Jeffrey Goldberg, who you also claim that you hate, which makes it even worse in my opinion, that then you invite the person that you hate onto the group chat. He's the editor, they're like, they're, they're like, he's the most untrustworthy guy on the planet. He's the scum of the earth. No one should ever talk to him, ever. And we added him into our group chat while we were planning war plans.


It's like, can I just say this real quick too? The who's the, the, the PC small group that insinuates also that there's a larger group text chain that, you know what I'm saying here? Fact, this, this was supposed to be just principles Jordy. So this was supposed to be the top brass discussing this. And these are not things top brass are supposed to be discussing over signal chat. Oh my god. I'll tell you what, insinuates that they do this all the time. Yes. That that's not unique to the Hhy PC small group that they probably conduct all classified business using signal chats like this. And just think about it. You're Jeffrey Goldberg, like you're just hanging out one day and you're like, huh, what? What am I invited to? And then as you're just like looking at these messages, you're like, this is odd.


And then someone, and then it's like, just so we all can see it, pull up Houthis PC small groups so everybody can see what Jeffrey Goldberg saw when it says Hhy pc small group. Right? Then it says, Mike Waltz, the National Security Advisor, Mike Waltz, added you to the group. So this isn't exactly a massive Scooby Doo mystery here of how was he added. Mike Waltz added you to the group. That's how he got added everybody. And then Mike on Fox. On Fox, Mike Waltz goes, I don't know how it happened, but you know, this technology, sometimes people just get sucked in. That's that was his, they just get sucked on in, right? Like maybe. And, and then you had Trump in the Oval Office being like, yeah, we need to investigate these platforms.


We need to investigate signal to see how this could have happened. And no, actually no, we don't need to investigate anything. The the evidence of the crime is right here. Sorry. Mike Waltz goes team establishing a principles group for coordination on Houthis, particularly for over the next 72 hours. My deputy Alex Wong is pulling together a tiger team at deputies agency chief of staff level. Following up from the meeting, principals is spelled correctly. Also it's on Princip Maggie Jeffrey Goldberg, you're the editor in chief of the Atlantic. You're like, huh, this was interesting. And then you get this message from Pete, he team update time now 1144 Eastern time weather is favorable. Just confirm with centcom.


We are a go for mission launch. 1215 Eastern time F eighteens launch first strike package 1345, trigger-based F 18. First strike window starts target terrorist at his known location. So should be on time also strike drones. Launch MQ nines 14, 10 more F eighteens launch second strike package. 1415, strike Jones on target. This is when the first bombs will definitely drop pending earlier trigger based targets 1536 F 18. Second strike starts also first C based Tomahawk's launch. So you're Jeffrey Goldberg. You get put onto this chat, then you report about it. And the instinct first from the Trump regime is to say that you're a hoaxster and a liar.


And then like petulant third graders, and no offense to petulant third graders, the Trump regime then goes, he's a sleaze. He's a sleaze bag. This is a scum. This is a scumbag sleaze bag. First off, who uses that type of language other than like, again, petulant third graders know if it's sleazebag scumbag, what was sleazy and scummy about the fact that y'all added this guy to your war plans chat. And he's the editor in chief from the Atlantic who you most likely have been a source for, which is why he's in your number to begin with. 150%. And by the way, I think this is the real reason why Mike Waltz is actually scared about this story and why he feels like, should I resign?


Maybe I should. He's decided not to for now at least. But I think it's very clear, especially, and we'll get into this Venmo story, but basically Mike Waltz's Venmo was public as well. All these people just have public, their, their passwords, their Venmo, their passwords were all over the internet. And Mike Wall's, Venmo account had all of his friends, which experts say like this could ease. This is information that is easily exploited by foreign governments like Russia. They had all of it laid out, all of his contacts, and many of his contacts, dozens, if not hundreds, were journalists in his phone. Journalists who Donald Trump trashes and calls fake news all the time. And there was a quote in the Jeffrey Goldberg Atlantic story that I found very revealing, where he said, when he received a message from Mike Waltz, it didn't seem like it was anything outta the ordinary, I'm paraphrasing.


But he said something along those lines to me that says, yes, Mike Waltz is a source and he's leaking like a sieve. Mikey the Mole baby in the White House. And Donald Trump does not like people who leak to the press. He's the only person who's allowed to leak to the press, whether it's, you know, whoever is the reporter is. But the fact that waltz clearly seems like a leaker in the White House, I think that's gonna make Donald Trump very uneasy. It's gonna make this relationship very tense. Whether while stays or not, Donald Trump held a disastrous presser yesterday in the Oval Office where he was announcing the 25% tariffs on automobiles from everywhere in the world, which will tank the automobile industry, make automobiles, basically unaffordable automobiles will at least cost five, 10, $15,000 more.


Which basically means people are not going to be buying automobiles. But at that press conference, Donald Trump was asked a bunch of other questions. And so one of the tragic things we learned in the past 48 hours was that four American soldiers died tragically in Lithuania. They died overseas. This is something that you would would expect the Secretary of Defense, national Security Advisor, director of National Intelligence, to brief the President on. And you would expect a statement to be made by the President immediately letting the people of the United States know about what happened, sending a heartfelt message to the family and to our troops who are certainly gonna be struggling as a result of this horrific event.


Trump is asked about the four soldiers who died in Lithuania and he didn't know anything about it, had no clue what the reporter was even talking about. Let's watch this clip, but it Could be a defective platform and we're gonna have to find that out, Been briefed about soldiers. Chad, have you been briefed about the soldiers in Lithuania who are missing? No, I haven't. So by the time he said that the public knew about it, Trump didn't know about it. Trump never put out a statement about it as of this video. He still, as of this live, he did not put out a statement on it. He didn't put out a statement, wouldn't you? Let's just assume you found out right there, right?


Wouldn't you go and say what happened? And then as the president of the United States put out a statement for American Soldiers died, you're not going to say anything about it. And one of the reasons he doesn't want to say anything about it is because he doesn't give a crap about it. And he wants to cover it up. He wants to ignore it. He sees it as, oh, that's gonna just be somehow used against me, so I'm gonna cover it up like a miracle. It will all go away. If you don't test, you don't find out what the outcome is. If I don't address it, I'll pretend it didn't really happen and people will just move on to the next story.


And that's what he's trying to do for American Soldiers died and the commander in Chief one isn't briefed on it. Meanwhile, what has he been posting over the past 24 to 48 hours? He's been attacking District court Judge Bosberg in Washington DC who issued the injunction blocking him from further kidnapping migrants and sending them to concentration camps. He's made post threatening Europe and Canada saying, if Europe and Canada joins together, I'm gonna hit you hard. So he's talking about that Brett and Jordy and might as mighty not mentioning once anything about these soldiers who died.


He's also posting April 2nd, all caps like a maniac at 2:00 AM Liberation Day is coming Liberation day, April 2nd. And he calls it Liberation Day. 'cause that's when he's gonna impose more tariffs. So he's doing all of that and not acknowledging the death of American soldiers. Horrific. It's atrocious. This is one of those things too, where, you know, if, if something like this were to happen under President Biden, this would've been nonstop. MAGA Twitter, Fox News. They would've made this into like Benghazi XA thousand, right? This would've been their biggest story. They would've never stopped talking about it. And by the way, president Biden in this hypothetical scenario would've had a very thoughtful response. He would've acknowledged the missing soldiers who are presumed to be dead at this point.


He would've known about it, he would've been briefed on it. But this is one of the problems when you have a narcissist in chief as well, and pathetic people around him were just sycophants because none of them actually want to break the news to him. None of them even want to tell him bad news. Because like I started off with the 1984 quote on this episode, they need to live in this 1984 world where truth is in truth. And so they cannot let the truth go out to Donald Trump. They cannot let them know of a US military failure. They cannot let 'em know any bad news that hurts Donald Trump. And that's, that would be sad. So now there's more news that this is angry. This is causing more tension in the relationship between Donald Trump and Mike Waltz because Donald Trump did not know about this.


So on top of the war leaks where Donald, where Mike Waltz had a reporter in the chat where it appears that Mike wa may be one of the biggest leakers of the Trump White House. On top of that, Donald Trump also discovers that there is this news story out there that he has not heard about until now. And even now, after hearing about it, no statement, no comment about the families, no comment about the soldiers, no comment about what their, what they were doing, if they were doing training, if they were on a mission, what the heck is going on? Nobody knows. Because right now we have a commander in chief who is just a liar, who does not want to acknowledge anything bad and just wants to wreak havoc on the American public and torture the American public.


And that's what we are seeing. And this is becoming an ongoing theme, Brett. So he, Trump seems to not know a lot when the war plan leaks. When he was first asked about that, he said he didn't know, he wasn't briefed on it. He had no idea. And, and the missing American troops, same thing. This seems to be a crutch of his, whether done intentionally or not, he seems to not know a lot for the leader of the free world. And it's a scary thing when you think about it because people aren't holding his feet to the fire enough around this. Had this been Biden and back to back days, you don't know, you aren't briefed on these incredibly high level situations. You know, the conspiracies that would be flying around right wing Twitter or, or even quote unquote mainstream Twitter would be, oh, well, he's not really the president in charge.


Someone else is leading everything. It's a scary thing when the leader of the freak world cannot even lead. Whether he, he, he doesn't care to or as people are too scared to give him the information. And beyond policy. Jordy, you know, this is the thing that's always bothered me the most about maga that in order to support Donald Trump, you need to be willing to put all facts and reality aside and to just accept whatever Donald Trump says. You have to be all in on the cult. And I don't know how, if you view yourself, ironically, these people go, I'm an independent thinker. I think for myself, I don't listen to the mainstream media. I don't listen to them. I just, I'm an independent thinker. You're all saying the same shit all the time. So I think you're actually just parroting whatever Donald Trump says.


But okay, but in order to support this movement, you have to just accept bullshit. And it's almost like, like I feel embarrassed for you. Like I have secondhand embarrassment that you are trying to pretend like the war plans that we are seeing, that were very detailed when you read them, Ben, that those war plans are not war plans. Like you, you're, you're, that's gonna be your line, really. That's what you're going to tell me. You're going to just tell me all these blatant lies. By the way, you are the one who are falling for it. You are the mark. You are being lied to. Like you should be embarrassed that they think you are so stupid, honestly. Like it's, you should be offended. You should watch, watch Fox News and we'll play, you know, probably in a little bit, Jesse Waters on Fox talking about this stuff.


You should be embarrassed that this guy thinks so low of you that he thinks you are such an idiot that he thinks that he could get away with lying to your face. Going back to that disastrous press conference in the Oval Office. Jordy, to your point of Donald Trump saying, I don't know, I don't know. A reporter asked Donald Trump, do you still believe nothing classified was shared? Let's watch what he says, But I don't think they Classified that was shared. Say it. Do you still Believe nothing classified was shared? Well, that's what I've heard. I don't know. I'm not sure. You'll have to ask the various people involved. I really don't know. You have to ask the various people I really don't know.


You're the freaking commander in chief. And Brett, to your point, that's unfor, that's an unforgivable answer. You're literally the commander in chief. You are supposed to answer that question. I know for Donald Trump, it's about hosting pink Birkin bag, alligator skin parties at Mar-a-Lago and golfing and attacking judges. But quite literally, this is your freaking job. And if you're not capable of doing it, step aside, you idiot. Then Donald Trump is asked about Signal Gate again, and he goes, hegseth doing a great job. Why would you say he's doing a bad job? Should Secretary Hegseth consider his position over the Signal? Hegseth is doing a great job. He had nothing to do with this.


He, how do you bring Hegseth into it? He had nothing to do. Look, it's all a witch hunt. Here we are talking about some of the greatest business deals ever made. The greatest companies in the world are moving into the United States, and you want to ask about whether or not Signal works? I don't know that Signal works. I think Signal could be defective to be honest with you. And I think that's what we have to, because you use Signal, or we use Signal and everybody uses a signal, but it could be a defective platform, and we're gonna have to find that out. It could be a defective platform. Why are you asking about Hsif? Pull up the text thread where Hsif does the war plans on it, just so people can see Hhy, pc, small group, hsif, text messaging, classified war plans, and then you've got Heif giving these bizarre press conferences in Honolulu, Hawaii where he like does this like weird thing with like his tongue and, and the side of his mouth and like licking everywhere.


And he's like angry and he's like making more you like, whatcha talking about I'm, I'm watching this. I'm like, this is exactly the type of person who my dad told me to avoid if I ever saw out like a bar or at a restaurant, like walk, walk away from that individual that, that, that's what it visually looks like. I mean, he, he's like, like rabid. I'm like, it's like, like rabies. Like, it's like looking at like a, it's like belligerent drunk at a die bar when you're a little too late and you're like, I guess that's like, like a rabid animal that just, that you find out, like, I mean, watch this guy ask the most basic questions here. No one's texting war plans. We don't know what we're talking about. This is What we're here to do.


Nobody's texting war plans. Well, I noticed this morning out came something that doesn't look like war plans. And as a matter of fact, they even changed the title two attack plans because they know it's not war plans. There's no units, no locations, no routes, no flight paths, no sources, no methods, no classified information. You know, who sees war plans? I see him every single day. I looked at him this morning, I looked at attack plans this morning, Like terrifying to see this guy. I, I have a lot more to discuss about him. I think my impression was pretty spot.


I think it was pretty spot on. There was, I'll say, I'll say this one thing. In a world where there are so many stories, there's so much news, right? That we try to break down every single week, right? A lot go comes and goes, right? There are a lot of crazy stories that come and, and next two days pass. And all of a sudden you're like, that feels like weeks ago. Then there are certain stories that I think I would refer to as like sticky stories. The stories that don't go away, the stories that really ma do some damage. Th those are the stories that exist in all administrations, right? The Biden debate, that was a Biden sticky story. That was something that did not go away. Right? Now we have one of the first, if not the first sticky stories of the Trump administration. And it is this controversy not only of the war plan leaks, but of the coverup, which is still ongoing and is just so obvious and so atrocious that a lot of people, even people who are inclined to support Trump and Maga are going, don't bullshit a bullshitter, man.


This is not normal. Like this is weird behavior. So let's, you know, let's just keep an eye on this and everything that's going on, it's an interesting situation. It ties everything together. As I mentioned before. That's also why it's sticking. It's beyond the leaking of the war plants. It's clear that this is what they do all the time and it's this cavalier and just dumb way of running things that have destroyed the lives of so many people. And again, it's just such on display here, but it highlights all those other aspects that we've seen. And that to me is one of the reason that it's sticking. It, it, it summarizes what we've experienced in these past, you know, two months, you know, or, or or more.


At this point, I wanna remind everybody about patreon.com/midas touch PATR eeo n.com/midas touch. We don't have outside investor, so it's one of the ways you can help grow our platform. Also midas plus.com. M-E-I-D-A-S-P-L-U s.com. That's where our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski cooks, he gives the best daily summary that there is in case we miss anything. Ron Philips's got it all covered. And then I wanna remind everybody to subscribe on our audio podcast. If you are just watching on YouTube, our audio listeners, make sure you subscribe to our YouTube channel and everybody, please, please, please, if you can give a five star review of course, if you think we've earned it.


Only if you think we've earned it on the audio podcast because some of those Joe Rogan fans are a bit pissed off that we now get double the monthly downloads as Rogan and they wanna leave some negative reviews. So if you can help us with positive reviews, again, only if you have a positive review, five stars are welcome. Let's take our first quick break of the show. We've got a lot to discuss. Like Democrats winning big in Pennsylvania, special elections coming up Canada, standing up, Greenland standing up. Elise Nik, not a good day for her. Not a good day for Maggart. We'll be right back.


Let's talk about genes. You know, those stiff, uncomfortable leg prisons that cost a fortune, squeeze all the wrong places and make bending over a high stakes operation. Yeah, I used to hate jeans too. Then I tried Theperfectjean and let me tell you, I have seen the light. I'm talking about jeans that stretch, jeans that move, jeans that don't crush your delicate assets. No more saggy diaper, but no more stiff unforgiving denim. These bad boys are soft as a baby's bottom. I mean, who knew Jeans could actually be this comfortable. I can bend, stretch, run errands, break out dance moves, I have no business attempting and yeah, I look damn good doing it as well. And here's the best part. These don't cost $200, $150 or even a hundred dollars. Theperfectjean is just 79 99 and honestly worth every penny. The fit is spot on. They've got sizes for everyone and they actually make me want to wear jeans again for a limited time. Our listeners get 15% off their first order plus free shipping at theperfectjean dot NYC or Google theperfectjean and use code Midas 15 for 15% off. That's 15% off. For new customers at Theperfectjean, do NYC with promo code Midas 15, MEI Ds one 15. After you purchase, they'll ask where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them we sent you F your khakis and get theperfectjean.


Okay?


You ever sign up for a free trial, forget about it, and then realize you've been charged for months? Yeah, me too. And I just found out that 85% of people have at least one paid subscription that they're not even using. That's why Rocket Money has been a game changer for me and I know it will be for you as well. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. I saw all my subscriptions in one place and Rocket Money made it easy to cancel the ones I didn't need anymore. Rocket Money's Dashboard gives you a clear view of your expenses across all of your accounts. So you could create a personalized budget, get alerts if your bills go up or if your're close to going over budget and even use their new goals feature to automatically save for what matters. Whether it's paying off debt or building your savings. Rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower bills for you. They handle customer service so you don't have to. Honestly, that's the part that always stresses me out the most. So I love that Rocket Money handles all that. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the app's premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash midas touch today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash midas. Touch Rocket Money dot com slash midas touch M-E-I-D-A-S-T-O-U-C-H. Let's go.


Shout out to our sponsors links in description of both YouTube and audio. Use the links, use the codes. If there's an exit survey, let them know we sent you. It helps. Love Theperfectjean, love me some Rocket Money. Definitely check it out if you're into that stuff. Benji, where to next? The Trump regime is the only government in the entire world where something like this would happen and nobody would get fired right away or perhaps ever, right? Obviously if it came to our allies they would fire whoever was involved right away, right? I mean, this is the biggest breach ever. I mean, in my opinion, this is a clear cut criminal violation of the Espionage Act, which should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.


I mean, essentially everybody on that chat in normal times would be looking at about 20 years in prison. Those who created the chat, that is the Department of Defense officials, Mike Walls and others in, in my opinion, there would at least be an investigation into that. Well, now we know that the Department of Justice who's not releasing the Epstein files apparently ever led by Attorney General Pam Bondy, who was the Attorney General by the way, when Epstein was in Florida. There may be a reason why she's not releasing those Epstein files. And by the way, and I'm not, I'm not gonna let go of that one, I'm just gonna bring it up every time I bring it up, Pam Bondi. But she and Cash Patel said, no investigations will be taking place.


They've said they're not even gonna look into it. They think that actually everything that happened was perfect. It was Theperfectjean text message. They say they will not be looking into it. Now if this happened to our allies, there'd be criminal investigations right away and obviously terminations of whoever was involved right away regarding our enemies. How do you think Kim Jong-un or Vladimir Putin would've dealt with someone who leaked war secrets on signal chats? By the way, the Trump regime theocracy combines Idiocracy and dangerousness in one and then the coverup makes it even worse. Makes the situation horrible as they double and triple down. As you saw before, Donald Trump was like, what heck exit do? Heck, it's great.


Why? Why are you dragging this guy into it? I dunno, maybe 'cause he was the guy who like wrote a lot of the messages, like with the war plans, which is, in my opinion, very problematic. And lots of legal people would say that that could be criminal by doing that in that format because that information, war plans, attack plans, it's probably even more classified than war plans because it was operational and in the moment. But look, the Trump regime has its idiotic state regime. Media, fox, people like Jesse Waters and Laura Ingraham and others, and they basically say, eh, No one cares about this story. It doesn't involve sex, it doesn't involve fraud.


This is a DC story. None of you should care about it. Viewers, here's Jesse Waters saying No one outside of DC cares about it. Let's play that. Well, this is like Trump throws 20 touchdowns in a row and he finally throws a pick six. And that's what everybody wants to talk about. And the only way you get people to stop talking about it is you throw another touchdown. Now, I don't know what that's gonna look like, but he's gotta throw another touchdown and he is gotta throw it fast. No one outside of DC and in the news business really cares about this story. There's no video, there's no sex, there's no fraud. No one even knows what a Houthis is. People know who Bin Laden is. People know what ISIS is. No one knows what a houthis is.


By The way, the Chiron for our audio listeners is White House goes from defense to offense on group texts, and then he goes, oh, Trump just has to throw another touchdown. I'm, what were the touchdowns that were thrown so far that people have lost a lot of their life savings? Their 4 0 1 Ks are in the gutter that were headed towards a great recession. What was that, the touchdown or were the touchdowns when the veterans were fired, when there was a hostile takeover of our federal government? When Medicaid was gutted, when Social Security administration offices were shut down, when Trump did an executive order to eliminate the Department of Education, were were those, the touchdowns was, was that the celebratory Super Bowl moment for Donald Trump?


Or was it when he went to these Super Bowl or when he drove around the racetrack at a NASCAR race, while there were devastating weather events that were killing dozens of Americans? Because I seem to not be understanding what the touchdowns are. And Jesse, yes, we, the people, the American people care about these things. We care that our war plans and classified information is being leaked. We care that Vladimir Putin and our enemies want to take over Europe and they want to destroy the United States of America while Donald Trump in this stupid Trump regime is out there saying, oh, I don't know. I don't know what's going on. Then you have Laura Ingraham, she goes on her show and, and notice what they, they try to do here.


What they try to do is let their audience know based on their fake experience as longtime news reporters, that this is actually normal behavior. So what they try to do is, one, they lie and say they're a news organization, but number two, they say, we've been on the hill for a long time. This is one of those BS stories that none of you should care about. And why are they doing this? They're trying to continue to brainwash their audience, who trusts them, who actually believes this shit is news and they wanna keep their people angry and pissed at the leftists and trans issues and all of these things while Donald Trump is engaged in this horror show here, watch what Laura Ingram says.


You Know, I was thinking about this. I've been in Washington a long time. This is all a sad repeat of what Republicans have been dealing with since around 1987. Yeah, I worked in the Reagan administration 1987 from the hearings to Iran Contra, to the Russian collusion, to the myriad anti-Trump hoaxes Charlottesville, January 6th. It's one long slash and burn campaign. Democrats didn't really care about any of the underlying issues involving any of those stories. They cared about gaining a political advantage. I've been around since. Those were all major scandals. She's saying, I ran KRA wasn't a big deal. I ran KRA January 6th, Nixon.


I mean, come on, what you gonna do? You know, but, but, but the thing is, this is a billion dollar brainwash operation. And Jay, you've said it before that to some extent you don't feel bad, but to some extent you feel a little bad sometimes for people whose mind is polluted with this stuff because this is surgical, what she's doing. This is not arbitrary. She's not just throwing out random words or they're deciding No, no, no. They huddle in a room and they go, oh, do we brainwash people?


I know, I think we lost Ben for a second. See, we, we gotta improve Ben's, Ben's internet over here. I think what a what a what a screenshot. It's a good screenshot though for all the listeners. We got Ben in a, in a great screenshot. But what Ben is saying is that they huddle in a a room and they plan this stuff out. They're not just shooting from the hip. They are actually trying to say, how can we manipulate our viewers? And we see it as we look in the past, as we look to the court filings that were submitted during all the various lawsuits against Fox for the Election Interference Scheme by Donald Trump and their them lying about Dominion and Smart Matic and all those companies. We've seen their text, we've seen how they operate, and they go, they do go into these rooms and they try to plan how are we going to fool our own viewers?


That's why, to me, it is just so atrocious. It's just, just abhorrent behavior for a network. But that's why I do agree with Ben, that I do feel bad almost for these people to an extent that they are so fooled by all of this crap. It's like, that's why I was saying earlier like, like I'm embarrassed for you, right? Like, like if people were lying to my face like this and your whole thing was, I'm owning the libs so I'm happy. Like I would feel horrible about like, how do you not feel bad about yourself? How do you not understand that you were the mark? How when you're on Twitter and you have Elon Musk or X or whatever, when he's just shoving propaganda down your throat and he's like, trust me, I'm a billionaire.


I know what's best for your life and for your social security and your grandmother and your savings. How are you not just like, oh, I'm being manipulated here I am the mark That is exactly what is happening. Ben, it's nice to have you back. I'll let you pick up from where you left off. You know, let me show you what Tulsi Gabbard was saying at some of these hearings that were taking place this past week here. She tries to argue with Senator Warner at the Senate hearing that the information was actually not classified. It's not classified information. Here's what she said. Contact the defense secretary or others after this specific military planning was put out and, and say, Hey, we should be doing this in a skiff.


There was no classified material that was shared in that signal. So then if there were no classified in in material, share it with the committee. You can't have it both ways. These are important jobs. This is our national security bobbing and weaving and trying to, you know, filibuster your answer. So please answer. All right, so Tulsi Gabbard, director of National Intelligence, who everybody warned about could be a Russian asset who spreads Russian propaganda. You're saying this is not classified information. Okay, well then we have a simple question for you. Are you TG are you Tulsi Gabbard listed on the chat, was that you was on there?


If it's not classified, you'll, you'll share it with us, right? Director Gabbard, did you participate in the group chat with Secretary of Defense and other Trump senior officials discussing the Yemen war plans? Senator, I, I don't wanna get into the specifics. Ma, ma'am, did you, were you on, you're not going to be willing to address conversation, so you're not, are you denying ma will you answer my question? Ma'am, you are not TG on this group chat. I'm not gonna get into this specifics. So you Delivery you to acknowledge whether you are on this group chat. Senator, I'm not going to get into the Specifics. Why are, why are you gonna get into the specifics? Is this is it because it's all classified? Because This is currently under review by the National Security Patrol because It's all classified.


If it's not classified, share the text now As the White House previously. Is it classified or non-classified information on this text? I can confirm. Director Radcliffe, were you on the group chat Then? A hearing was held in the House Intelligence Committee where the ranking member who I had a great interview with earlier today, Jim Himes, democratic Congress member Jim Hewell. I hope when Democrats take control of the house, which I think they will, it's gonna be great to see Democratic Congress member Himes lead the intelligence community, someone so needed right now. So he asks her, you know, we've been watching you repost a lot of Russian propaganda lately.


A lot of rt, Russian TV stuff. Can you stop doing that? Like why are you doing that? I want you to watch what she said. You on March 15th as D and I retweeted a post from Ian Miles Chong, who is listed on rt, that's Russia, today's website as quote a political and cultural commentator who has contributed content to RT since at least 2022. Director ber, do you think that it's responsible for you as head of the intelligence community and the principal's presidential intelligence advisor to retweet posts from individuals affiliated with Russian State media?


That retweet came from my personal account and I would have to go back to look at the substance of the tweet. Can I just a lack, just so that we don't have a lack of confusion amongst our allies and enemies and us. Can I act perhaps that you not think that you should be saying one thing on your personal account, then you say, officially I maintain my first Amendment rights to be able to express my own personal views on different issues. I maintain my first amendment rights to be able to express my views by reposting Russian propaganda. That is the director of national intelligence. And again, I say if you have intelligence, she should not be labeled anything that has the word intelligence next to it.


And if you have intelligence, I don't care what political party you're from or if you're not political at all, did you just hear what I just played for you? Like are you, are you listening to these things? Are you hearing these things? I don't know how you can walk away and be like, you know, she's got a good point there. I see what she's trying to say. You should be pissed. And here she is being asked by Democratic Congress Member Crow. Hey, weren't you traveling as well when you were on this text thread? And we already know from other intelligence reports that foreign countries have hacked into signal. So we wanna ex Where were you?


Right. Which country were you in? Let's see what she says. At the time, Mr. Whitcoff was actually in Russia during this chat discussion. Was he not? I was not aware of that. Was he on his personal phone at the time? I don't know. Well, it's my understanding that he was indeed in Russia, director Gabbard. You were also traveling during this discussion, correct? Yes. And where were you? I was traveling through the Asia Pacific region. I don't recall which country I was in at that time. You don't Remember the country? I'd have to go back and look at the schedule. I don't remember the country that she was an look, I think if there's hope to be taken from all of this, it's again what we reported on before, the protests, the rallies, the results, right?


We saw what happened in the Lancaster Pennsylvania area, which had not gone blue in the state senate there since 1889. A democratic state senate candidate who was running against Elon Musk and Doge won big beat the Magar Republican candidate in a plus 15 area there. Nobody expected this guy, James Malone, to beat John Parsons. John Parsons was a rising star in the Republican party. Also, the Democrats in Pennsylvania took back the house. It was a 1 0 1 to 1 0 1 deadlock after a Democrat tragically passed away in the house.


Democrats control the house again in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania. We're seeing that we're seeing a very tight race in a plus 30 Trump district in Florida right now in Florida's six congressional district. And so special elections are getting close, and that is why, and I'm gonna talk more about this when we get back. Elise Stefanik, who was Donald Trump's pick to be the ambassador to the United Nations and a plus 21 Trump District in New York. Her nomination was pulled and Donald Trump published a statement and he said, it's because we're afraid we're going to lose this seat and that we need to keep the house.


That seat likely would've flipped and turned blue. And if you added that with Florida Democrats already could have possibly taken control of the house. That's how people are feeling right now. That's the sentiment on the streets, not just here in America, but in Canada as well, in Greenland, in Europe. We're gonna talk about all of that as well. Wanna remind everybody, patreon.com/midas touch P-A-T-R-E-O n.com/midas touch. We don't have outside investors, So if you wanna help us grow, join our Patreon and also midas plus.com. We're our editor-in-chief, Ron Philip Kowski gets to work.


I wanna talk about what's happening in Canada. I wanna talk about what's happening in Greenland. I wanna talk about what we're finding out about some of these migrants who were kidnapped and put in concentration camps. Let's talk about that. Let's take our last quick break of the


show. You guys, it's possibly my favorite time of the week when I get to talk to you about coffee. My days don't start till I drink my coffee and I'm not talking about just any coffee. You know, I don't mess with just any coffee. I'm talking about freshly roasted specialty coffee delivered right to my door thanks to trade. Trade is the number one US specialty coffee marketplace, working with over 50 of the country's top roasters to bring you fresh, incredible coffee at grocery store prices. I took their quick coffee quiz. They matched me with the greatest bag of coffee from Columbia from a roaster named Klatch Coffee. I could smell it before I even opened the bag. The flavor is incredible. Fruity notes, even a hint of vanilla. I'd say so good. And if you're picky about coffee trade, makes sure that you get it right. If your first bag isn't perfect, they will replace it for free. Every bag is roasted to order, so you'll taste the difference in every sip. And right now, trade is offering our listeners 40% off your first order. Just go to drink trade.com/midas. That's drink trade.com/m E-I-D-A-S for 40% off your first order. Start your morning right with Trade


Anywhere worth going. Is worth going in? Good boots. Find your perfect pair with Kovas. Ever wondered if you can pull off boots with your personal style? Well, you owe it to your feet to pull on a pair of kovas. Being confident isn't about being different. It's about being yourself. Find comfort in the traditions of the west and confidence for making it your own. Honor the West by leaving your own boot print. Kovas crafts quality Western boots for everyone. From generational ranchers and lifelong cowboys to first time boot buyers. Every one of Kovus boots are handcrafted with over 200 meticulous steps for broken in comfort right out of the box. Whether it's a long day or a big night, your kovas are built to last and impress. There's no compromise between quality and style. Look, I can't even begin to tell you just how comfortable my kovas are and I'll admit it, I was a little skeptical at first. But these tekos are something special. Plus with kovas Best in the West guarantee, you get free returns and exchanges for 30 days right now. Get 10% off at tecovas.com/midas when you sign up for email and text. That's 10% off at TECO vs.com/midas tecovas.com/midas. See site for details. Kovas, point your toes west.


Let's go. Shout out to our sponsors Trade. Shout out to Tokos. Y'all didn't know I was about that cowboy boot life. Y'all didn't, you guys were sleeping on the cowboy boots. Look at that. Oh, those are fresh Jordy's pulling out the cowboy boots for the audio listeners. They are pretty fresh. Those are really fresh actually. Definitely, definitely check them out. I'm stoked. Tokos is a sponsor and you know, in our whole production crew, salty the whole gang, they're super pumped. So check 'em out. Click the links in description of the audio and the YouTube. Use the codes, let them know we sent you, helps us and they're great stuff. Benji. Where to next? The Trump regime was gonna try to do a show of force in Greenland to intimidate. To intimidate the Greenlanders they were sending JD Vance's wife, Usha Vance. Then JD Vance said that he was gonna be joining his wife, Usha.


Then Mike Walsh, the leaker in chief, the leaker himself, Mr. Leaky Mike Waltz was gonna go to Mikey the mall. Mr. Leaky. They and they, they had their, they had their advance team knock on doors of the Greenlanders 'cause they were just trying to stage one of their propaganda stunt. Apparently they couldn't find a single family in Greenland that wanted them to be in their house. And then the Greenlanders were having this huge protest that they were gearing up for and it was gonna be absolutely historic. And as a result, the Trump regime got scared. And this is one of the things that we've seen with them before. If you stand up to these idiots, they get scared and they pulled out and they withdrew their trip.


So a big hat tip right there to the Greenlanders for doing that. By the way, I'll share with you this poll, that Rasmus jar, a conservative member of Parliament for Denmark Greenland's, a territory in the kingdom of Denmark. He published a GR poll that says, do you want to leave Denmark to become part of the USA 85% of Greenlanders? And this is from a reputable polling group in Denmark and Greenland. 85% say no. Only 6% said that yes, they want to be part of the us. This is a wildly unpopular thing that the Trump regime is pushing. And we've seen the people of Greenland unite against the Trump regime.


I gotta give a hat tip to the Maple Midas out there. All of our Canadian supporters, the Midas Touch podcast is a number one podcast in Canada. Elbows up to all of our Canadian supporters. 'cause I think they've really showed the way, right? Trump's first line of attack was Canada annexing it, taking it over, and Canada did not bend, Canada, did not break Canada, United. They strongly and powerfully stood up their boycott of American tourism. Now I'm seeing numbers like what I predicted, 75 to 80% of tourism stopping from Canada to the United States.


I mean, those are massive numbers. We're talking about tens and tens of billions of dollars that that's going to cost the United States because this was the most prolific and important alliance and travel relationship. You know, ever. We're seeing some places that are saying cancellations from Canadians in the 90% range in Canada, they're boycott all thing American products is also surging right there. If you go into a convenience shop or a grocery place in Canada, you'll see the American stuff on the shelves not being sold at all and the Canadian stuff going off the shelves quickly as Canadians want to just buy Canada.


So you're seeing all of that there as well. I'll share with you this as well. A powerful speech that was given by Prime Minister Kearney and his liberal party is surging ahead in the polls in this snap election that he just called last weekend scheduled for April 28th. If you looked at this a month or a few months ago, the Conservative party run by Pierre Pev was in the lead, but Pierre Pev was Maple Maga sucked up to Donald Trump, actually sent special emissaries via the Alberta Premier Danielle Smith into the United States to try to interfere in the Canadian elections with Donald Trump.


JD Vance's roommate is a member of Pierre PO's inner Circle and a member of Parliament. So they had this whole scheme. Also, Elon Musk was boosting Pierre Po and the Conservative party there in Canada as part of the same plot that they did in the United States. And now Canadians are saying, whoa, whoa, whoa. Do notify Canada. We do not want the Doge wrecking ball. And Pierre Pev is the Doge MAGA candidate. So he's sinking. And here's a data point as well. The conservative premier from Ontario, Doug Ford, he's distancing himself from the conservative federal party, the provincial party in Ontario, distancing himself from PEV at the federal level.


PEV wanted to link arms with Doug Ford and Doug Ford's like, Uhuh, don't come here, but I don't want you're toxic your Doge. You are Maga. Get the hell away. So I thought that was an excellent data point. Here's Prime Minister Mark Carney from earlier in the day as well, saying the relationship we've had with the United States is basically done. We're done. The Old relationship we had with the United States based on deepening integration of our economies and tight security and military cooperations is over What exactly the United States does. Next is unclear, but what is clear?


What is clear is that we as Canadians have agency, we have power, we are masters in our own home who submit nu we can control our destiny. We can give ourselves much more than any foreign government, including the United States can ever take away. We can deal with this crisis best by building our strength right here at home. It will take hard work, it will take steady and focused determination from governments, from businesses, from labor, from Canadians.


We will need to dramatically reduce our reliance on the United States. We will need to pivot our trade relationships elsewhere, and we will need to do things previously thought impossible at speeds we haven't seen in generations. By the way, when he gives that speech, he does it in English, and then he does it in French while standing up there. And that's what a leader sounds like. Like that's a real leader, right? That's he's a banker verse, Donald Trump, the er. And I mean, those are powerful words. I mean, could you ever even fathom in previous eras where that's being said?


Just think about that. Think about that. And meanwhile, in Europe, you had this meeting earlier in the day in France called by President Emmanuel Macron of the coalition of the willing, standing up with Ukraine, president Zelinsky of Ukraine was there as well. And there uniting and saying, we are not going to let the United States and Putin bully Ukraine. We've got your back. If they're gonna come after you, they're coming after Europe. Zelensky a powerful statement. And this, as we learned that Donald Trump's new proposed mineral deal to Ukraine is basically, we wanna steal all of your minerals.


Give, give us all of your minerals. No security guarantees. Give us your minerals. So Brett Jordy, no peace in Ukraine in 24 hours. Prices have not decreased on day one. As Donald Trump said, housing is not more affordable. It's less affordable. Consumer expectations are now at basically all time lows, all indicators of a great recession on the horizon. It's been an unmitigated disaster for Donald Trump, right, Jordan? Yeah. And do the Democrats have a lot of work to do? Yes. But are the reports of the Democrats demise a little early? Yes, as well.


And I think here's the biggest way to gauge the true feelings of the Trump regime and the true feelings of the right wing media, a ecosystem. So they could say all they want, right? They could spout all the BS they want, but look to their actions. Look what they are doing. And, and it will tell a big story when you see the pulling of Elise Stefanik in her district, where, where they're, the fact that they're worried about her seat in a special election, which is what, what was it then? Plus 20 something or or to that effect, plus 21, plus 21 Trump District. When you see them pulling back on her nomination and admitting it is because of that, when you see them sputtering and being unable to explain the war leaks and telling people that what you're seeing is not actually what you're seeing and you see Fox going, you shouldn't really care about, No one really cares about this, right?


I mean, Don Donald Trump Hill hit another. We'll get another touchdown soon and we'll all just forget about it. When you see the actions that they are all taking, it tells a very clear story to me. And that's that they are much weaker than they are leading on. That they are much le weaker than the corporate media is leading on about them. And that just means we need to all double down our efforts and continue to make our voices heard. Because once they get trapped in these scenarios, it's like quicksand, right? They try to, and and I think we're gonna see this a lot with this administration actually, right? They're gonna try to dig themselves out and, but the faster they go, the more they lie, the more they try to twist and confuse and, and, and try to throw all this crap out there that is so obvious, not maybe to the cultist cultist, but to a majority of the American people, the more they are going to sink into that quicksand.


And we are already seeing it. And that is just going to accelerate as they continue with this failing strategy. Love to see the world stepping up, elbows up Canada. Shout out to all of our Canadian listeners. Shout out to all the people over in Greenland. Hope we got some Greenland listeners as well. I love what, yeah, I love seeing, I love seeing everybody standing up for democracy, standing up for their sovereignty and standing up against this Trump regime. It's, it's a great site, Brett, I wanna show this is panicked right now. Let's not, let's not forget that word too. They, they're simply panicked the st move. It's, it's a panicky move. What they're doing right now, there's no if ands or buts around it. And for better or for worse, the one, I hate to even say it like this, the one bright spot of where we stand now is we know the Donald Trump and the Trump regime playbook.


Unfortunately, everyone knows it from his first term and now we see it play out again. So I just think folks are way more energized and, and readily available to call out the bs. They've seen it before. The playbook. There's only so many times you could run that pick and roll before you, you know, you, you adapt and change. And so what Donald Trump is doing is simply, it's exhausting, don't get me wrong. But what I love to see is this community, this pro-democracy community coming together and just pushing back with truth, with facts, with data, with receipts time and time again. And so, I just wanted to say another, a special shout out to the Midas here for, and think about what's coming up. Jordy too big, major protests on April 5th.


Get ready for that. We'll be covering all the protests here at the Midas Touch Network. Get ready for these special elections in Florida. And I gotta tell you, you know, 'cause these are hard races, I'm not gonna lie. These are hard races. And many were saying even if Josh Wheel came within points, even with, even if he came within five in that race against Randy fine in Florida, that that would be a major warning sign for the Republican Party and for Donald Trump. And the latest poll we are seeing from Donald Trump's own pollster, the own pollster, is that Josh Wheel now is actually leading in that race. So we will see what happens. It was great having him on the show. We're gonna continue to highlight pro democracy candidates like him on the show, like Judge Crawford on the show, making sure we use our platform to bring attention to the things and the people, the individuals, the ideas that matter most to you, Ben, the, the Wisconsin Supreme Court race with the pro-democracy candidate Judge Susan Crawford versus the Maga doji boy candidate.


Brad Shuffle. That is April 1st. So make sure you tell everybody in Wisconsin so that they are aware of that race, because there's a lot on the line there. And these special elections in Florida, April 1st as well, you know, tying this whole episode together, as I said, the signal gate is symptomatic of the Kakis ocracy, Idiocracy dangerousness that pervades and prevails in this Trump regime. And also shows the emperor has no clothes, right? It shows how weak they are. All the bravado and bluster. These idiots are having war plan chats with stupid emojis on a text thread.


They don't know what they're doing. They're dumb. As Donald Trump said, they're stupid people. Yeah, you're stupid people. That's who they are. And they do all of this propaganda. They have billion dollar propaganda networks like Fox to pump this stuff up. And we've gotta call it out. And I'll just share this with you too, because it's important that when they try to say, look, we got rid of these Venezuelan terrorists, the trend deua terrorists, we got rid of 'em. You should give us, you should be grateful for all of us about what we're doing. Let me share with you what went down here is Christie Nome, right here, the Secretary of Homeland Security.


Here she is. Let me play this clip for you right here. Let's, let's, let's play. I also want everybody to know, if you come to our country illegally, this is one of the consequences you could face. First of all, do not come to our country illegally. You will be removed and you will be prosecuted. But know that this facility is one of the tools in our toolkit that we will, Were you able to hear me there at all? There was fighter jets that went over the house. Oh God, that's what that was, was, was, I was wondering what that was. I'm like fighter jets. Literally. Yeah. I was like, something's going on. Remember? Well, there was a, there was a a, I think a Dodger game earlier and, but the planes since the game have been, you know, you know, right around. But did, did, did the clip play?


Did people hear? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I didn't even see the clip. I didn't even see the clip. Yeah, no. All of a sudden there's some worry on your face. Like I got concerned. I started shaking. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, those are fighter jets over, over the house. But what I wanna share with people though, is that what we're learning about, and you know, hat tip to a lot of great journalists for breaking these stories as well, and the lawyers who are representing these migrants, is that a lot of these people who were, who were taken to concentration camps in El Salvador were lawful asylum seekers who were put in concentration camps in El Salvador. So this was an article from Mother Jones. And as me Hassan writes, I for one will never forgive or forget the people who order this, nor the people who voted for this.


And the Mother Jones story is the men disappear to El Salvador because of their tattoos. And it highlights people like this. Neri Alvarado working in Dallas as a baker, an ice agent told him, they were questioning all men with tattoos. Neri has an autism awareness tattoo in honor of his 15-year-old brother with autism. An ICE agent told Neri Alvarado we're finding and questioning everyone who has tattoos, and that's why you're being arrested. Stunningly after Neri explained his autism tattoos, meaning the ice agent said he was clean, he is also a lawful asylum seeker. And yet he stayed detained and he was shipped to El Salvador where he was sent to a concentration camp.


Another man, man sent to the El Salvador concentration camp is Arturo Suarez, a Venezuelan musician who first entered the US at a port of entry, not illegally, lawful asylum seeker, no criminal record at all here or in any country. He had tattoos. He went by the stage named Suarez. And he's been performing since 2019. Like many others. He left Venezuela when their country's economy collapsed, seeking better opportunities. He has a wife and a baby back home. His family recognized him in a picture of the detainees. And again, he was here lawfully. A third man identified by Mother Jones is Fitzgerald Corn, who also entered the country at a port of entry, lawfully not illegally.


He owns a streetwear clothing line with his brother, like the others, he has no criminal record here or elsewhere. And also like them, he has tattoos. We also highlighted the story of Andres. He's a gay hairstylist who fled Venezuela where he was being persecuted. A Time magazine photojournalist actually saw what went down with this individual. And it talked about how he was basically being beaten and he was calling for his mother. He said, I'm a gay hairstylist. I have nothing to do. I'm not part of a gang. Why are you doing this to me? He goes, I'm not a gang member.


I'm gay. I'm a barber. The photojournalist that I believed him, but then they basically threw him to the ground as he was sobbing and then threw him in a concentration camp. No phone calls, no visitors, never to be heard from again. And we also know about women who were sent to the concentration camp where the concentration camp doesn't take women. So they had to be sent back or sent to other locations. And then the story of the professional football player, soccer player from Venezuela, who had the Real Madrid tattoo. And he was, again, lawfully not a gang member, he was a called Trend ua. The DC Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed Judge Berg's ruling in a two to one decision keeping in place, the injunction blocking the Trump regime from sending more people to concentration camps.


But the Trump regime violated the initial order and had sent people to the concentration camps. And you're seeing, you know, these stories, there's many more stories like it. And literally taking migrants here lawfully and sending them to concentration camps, it's something that we have to highlight. Put a spotlight on here using our platform and just call it out for just being absolutely wrong. And especially just to see the United States government making ISIS style videos in El Salvador. And then you have Christie Nome with her Rolex watch. I think we did some research and it looks like the $60,000 Rolex watch that she was wearing.


I think that sums up the Trump regime right here, folks, keep up the moment, keep the hope though. And I think that the tide is turning. I feel it in the streets. I feel it internationally. I I, I wish that this pain was not being inflicted on our country, but we are banding together in the pro-democracy community here and abroad. Brett, anything else you'd like to say? Well, this is why it's so important that all of us collectively as a community here, all of the listeners, all the viewers, us here doing the shows, everybody at the Midas Touch Network, it's why it's so important that we and, and are never afraid to call out the lies. Always call out the lies. Because the lies are, it's more than just a white lie about something. It's much bigger than that.


It's much more pernicious than that. When you see them using these lies as predicate to whisk people out of this country, to abduct them, to send them outta this country, to El Salvador in prison camps based on nothing, by just saying, you're a gang member. You're a gang member. No, I'm not. I don't care. I said, you're a gang member. So you're going to this prison camp. You see these sick dehumanizing videos with Christian Omal. She has her what appears to be a $60,000 Rolex standing in front of people who are in these cages. Who by the way, they, they throw on the ground, they shave their heads, they take off their shirts, they treat like animals. And I'm sure there are a lot of bad people in that group. I'm sure there are a lot of gang members in that group. I'm sure there are. But you know what else in that group? A lot, a whole lot of innocent people, because No one in that group was entitled to the due process that we are supposed to have.


And if you are, if you consider yourself an American, I don't care if you're a Republican, I don't care if you're Democrat, I don't care if you're independent, I don't care if you're not political. This is not the way that America is supposed to work. Executives in this country are not supposed to have this sort of unilateral power for good reason. Because this is the kind of stuff that happened in Nazi Germany. This is the kind of stuff that happens in Russia. They always find a predicate, they always find a lie in order to carry out their agenda, no matter how heinous and dehumanizing it is. I mean, we see, even when you look at the Mahmud Kalil situation, Columbia, when you see the Turkish student, the video of that student, the tough student university student who was whisked off the street in the, one of the most horrifying videos that I have seen, simply because this person who was here on a legal visa, attended a pro-Palestine protest.


So they took her off the street. You see this video, it looks like the Gestapo pulling somebody off the street, throwing them in a car. I mean, this is like the sickest stuff that we are seeing. And the Trump administration has decided that they could make up any lie, say whatever they want. They could just be like, yeah, you were anti-American. Yeah, you hate this country. Yeah, you do what whatever they wanna say, you're a gang member. They just make up whatever they want. And then they use that as enough reason to just chuck somebody in a van, arrest them, send them to a prison camp overseas. No, it's not okay. I will never accept it as, okay, I will never both sides this either and say, oh, well they got this point over here, and then the, this people are saying this thing. So the truth is probably somewhere in the middle of those two things, no, this is wrong.


We're gonna continue to call it out, say it's wrong. Shout out to all the journalists, shout out to Mother Jones. Shout out to all the people who are uplifting these various stories and uncovering what is happening in these prisons and the true identities of these people who have been abducted by the United States government. We're gonna con continue to report on it all here, but I think everybody here should also be proud of the momentum shift of the fact that this information is getting out there despite what this regime is doing. So shout out to you all. This has been a fun show. We covered a whole lot of stuff. Remember to add the Midas Touch podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Leave us a five star review if you can. I gotta say, I told the story earlier on social media, but the, the Rogan folks and the MAGA folks, they got really upset by all the, the, the press that the Midas such podcast got.


They tried to review bomb us with all these one star reviews, but this community went in and gave a bunch of five star reviews. And our review, actually, our, our rating actually increased on the, all the podcast apps after they tried this coordinated attack. And that's thanks to you. So let's keep the energy going. Apple Podcast, Spotify. Thanks to everyone listening, thanks for sharing this with a friend. Just thanks for all your support. Like, it, it really means a lot that these messages are getting out there in the world and that this momentum continues to build. Jordy, shout out to the Midas my day. The Can't Get Enough.


Midas, check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.