
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spent $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is notable. Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a price they have. My favorite brand. It's like a whole new BU Dodge. Ah, I Think can buy two. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington, I told you so.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next. With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself in ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, mantis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis x.com.


Donald Trump was golfing once again this weekend. After crashing the markets on Friday, Donald Trump announcing that he won yet another golf tournament, And that was blasted on state regime Media known as Fox. Today, by the way, as Donald Trump returned to Washington DC the market now resembles a Trump meme coin down, up, down, up. It does not look like a stable market. Many CEOs are saying that the country is already in a recession. Donald Trump's message, he's not going to change anything. He doesn't give an F. Also, throughout the country, as Trump was posting these photos of himself playing golf and also making posts saying Trump is intentionally crashing the markets, we also learned tragic news.


Storms across the country killed 18 Americans. The United States received four American soldiers who died in Lithuania. Donald Trump was not at that ceremony where you would normally see a president. Instead, Donald Trump return to Mar-a-Lago and Palm Beach to golf. And then today Donald Trump was in the Oval Office with who else? Israel's Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu. And with Netanyahu by his side, Donald Trump was talking about seizing control of Gaza, putting American forces or peace forces in Gaza and calling it a great piece of real estate. But throughout this weekend as well, we saw major protests sweep the country, the hands-off protests, which we were covering here at all levels.


At the Midas Touch Network, I Think there was about over 5 million protesters when you add up all of the different cities, thousands of cities and towns across the country and the world. Notably, corporate news really did not cover this at all. But thankfully here at the Midas Touch Network, we made it a priority to cover those the same way we made it a priority to focus on these shadow hearings being held by Democrats today. We were getting 30,000, 35,000 viewers. At some point in times while we were watching that is they focused on Donald Trump's attack of lawyers and the Department of Justice. And speaking of the law, I want to talk about this horrible Supreme Court ruling from earlier in the day about the kidnapping of a migrant from El Salvador, who the Trump regime sent back to El Salvador against the order of a court, an immigration court.


From 2019, the Supreme Court stopped a lower court order, which directed the Trump regime to bring back this individual. So Trump now has more time to delay as this individual rots in a El Salvador concentration camp. And the implications here are just broader than that individual as well. If Trump can do that to this individual, who else can he do that to? We'll talk about that in more here on the Midas Touch Podcast nine. Ben, myself, I was joined by Brett and Jordy brothers. How you doing? Doing great. Great to see you brothers. Great to see everybody watching. Great to be speaking with all the people listening on Apple Podcasts on Spotify, wherever you get your podcast. What a weekend you guys. The hands off protest.


Absolutely incredible. The biggest mobilization that we have seen today to date. Hey, Donald, you finally got those crowds that you were talking about, but not the crowds that you were hoping for. The people are fed up folks, and it was such an honor to cover these protests. Honestly, I'm, I'm so impressed by all the groups that organized this, by all the people out there who, who took to the streets. All of you out there. I know so many of you listening made your own signs. You guys were out there putting in the hard work. I loved seeing your signs. I noticed a lot of people with Midas touch signs as well out there, which I thought was super, super cool. We had our correspondence on the ground, Tennessee Brando spoke at the Los Angeles event. We were doing the live coverage, the reports, we were city to city interviewing the organizers.


What a weekend for democracy. The democracy does indeed have a pulse. And on the other hand, you see Donald Trump right now. Let's face it, this is the most disastrous beginning of a presidency that we have ever seen in the history of this country. Crashing the markets, national security failures ruining all of our foreign policy, destroying our alliances. It's like a speed run with the destruction of America coming from this administration. We are going to get into all of it, but first, you know, I gotta toss it to Jordy and see how little bro is doing. What's up, Jordy? What's up everybody? I am so stoked to get into it. Brett, to your point. Exactly man, the energy from the protest. The energy is palpable, man.


There is a a dramatic vibe shift and people are just fed the F up, man. This is like unlike anything we've ever seen before. I mean, I, I'm motivated after watching everything go down over the weekend. I love seeing all the signs, just like you said, Brett, thanks to everyone for tagging us in all of those posts. And, and just shout out to everyone on the ground this weekend. That was, that was freaking awesome. Benji, where do you wanna start us off? I just wanna reflect on that. It was probably one of the biggest mass mobilizations, if not the biggest in the history of the United States. I Think in the total, I've been speaking with the organizers about 5 million people in the different cities and towns showed up. And by the way, red areas, blue areas, purple areas, people showed up.


But the fact that it got minimal attention from corporate news tells you everything that you need to know there. I mean, in normal times where there wasn't an authoritarian who made corporate news, bend the knee and kiss the ring. This should be a front page story, but good news, we're covering it here every step of the way on the Midas Touch Network. And the contrast between that image of people rising up as Donald Trump was golfing in a tournament at his own resort that was funded by the Saudis. Donald Trump doing business deals with the Saudi Sovereign Wealth Fund to enrich himself and his family while the American people are suffering.


Right? Thursday, Friday, saw what like $10 trillion of market value just erased from the stock market. And that means people's 4 0 1 Ks and pensions word destroyed. We're seeing companies laying off people. The chaos created in the business community. I mean, you have people even like the CEO and founder of Home Depot, Ken Lone, you know, like longtime Republican donor saying this is like the stupidest thing you could possibly ever do. I mean, literally word for word. This is the dumbest thing imaginable. And then Donald Trump just making posts over the weekend, like just toying with the people, like just cruelly toying with the people.


I mean, he posted a video that said Trump is intentionally crashing the markets. He posted a video that said that, and then he attributed to Warren Buffet, congratulations that this is what Warren Buffet thought was brilliant. So Warren Buffet, the billionaire investor, had to come out with the statement through Berkshire Hathaway saying, he's not endorsing this phony video that says that he's endorsing Trump's plan to crash the markets. And I just wanna reflect on that for a moment as well. The president of the United States, though it pains me to say that from his official account is posting videos saying that he's intentionally crashing the market and you have still the entire republic party.


Like, okay, we gotta give him space, give him some time, let him cook. I Think this is gonna be a good thing. I Think this is exactly what he ran on. He said there were going to be lower prices on day one, not that he was going to crash the entire economy. And as I've said before, and as Carl Quintanilla says, trying to cook a steak by burning down the entire house and destroying people's lives and saying, you know what, though, gas is cheaper. You, you're all, you're all screwed, but maybe you can get a little bit of cheaper gas at the pump. I've been noticing that line too. And by, by the way, do you remember what I told you guys like a week or two ago? I said, just wait for the pivot guys. I said, wait for the pivot because oil is gonna come down because we're heading into a recession. If not a depression, that's aig.


That's a signature sign that that is happening. And so watch that collapse and then watch Donald Trump and watch all these MAGA people go, oh boy, look how much oil's come down and like clockwork, that's the propaganda that they shifted to basically today they started that one amid this total chaos. So Donald Trump heads back on Air Force one from his golf tournament where he brags about how great he played golf And that he won all of the tournaments and how he's got a great handicap seriously. And he's asked questions on Air Force one, this Bloomberg reporter's been doing a great job. You know, I Think asking the right questions here, Donald Trump calls the question stupid when she asks, what kind of paint tolerance do you think the American people are going to take?


He calls her stupid. And then he says, the American people need to take their medicine. I'm feeding them the medicine. You need to take the medicine. This is what sociopaths abusers sound like here. Let's Play this clip, frankly In the world. Mr. Press is there, which is what it should be. Is there a Trump put though? Are you, is there a mar? Is there pain in the market? At some point you're unwilling to tolerate this idea of a Trump put. Is there a threshold? I I Think your question is so stupid. I mean, I Think it's a, I don't want anything to go down, but sometimes you have to take medicine to fix something. And we have such a, a horrible, we have been treated so badly by other countries because we had stupid leadership that allowed this to happen.


America is the, was the richest nation in the world. America under former President Biden had the highest GDP growth. We had low unemployment, we had record job growth, we were energy independent. And as we'll show you later in this episode, you know now what these Trump regime officials like Howard Lutnick, the Commerce Secretary, and Brooke Rollins, the agriculture secretary, and Scott Bess and the Treasury Secretary, like what they're saying is what we want to do is, you know, like how in China they put together the iPhones. Like we want to create those factories here so that Americans are putting all the screws and widgets together into the iPhones And that they think that Americans are miraculously gonna start doing those jobs.


At the same time, they're also saying that they want AI and robots to replace low wage labor jobs as well. Nothing that they say makes sense. And as we'll talk about later in the show as well, the tariff formula for their liberation day, which is really annihilation day or great recession, or depression or liquidation day, whatever you want to call it, the very formula is, is incorrect. Even a conservative think tanks are saying you are formula, which is also not based on reciprocal tariffs, which is based on you're calculating trade deficits as a form of a tariff, which makes no sense. But even if you applied this concept that a deficit is a tariff, somehow the formula is applied incorrectly and it just goes to everything they do is just incorrect and erroneous as well.


But let's get back to what, what I was going down on Air Force One, where Donald Trump landing into DC after vacationing again on the taxpayer dime again as storms led to the death of about 18 Americans in areas like Tennessee and Arkansas, which Trump said nothing about. Trump hasn't made any public statements on his own, on his own volition about the American soldiers who died in Lithuania. But here he is talking about how great of a golf game he has and how he's got such a great handicap with golf. And you know, I won the tournament here, Play this clip. President, Any questions? How was the golf tournament? Very good. 'cause I won. It's good to win.


You heard I won, right? Did you hear I won. Just to back it up over there. I want, what's your handicap these days? I, I like to weigh very low. I have a very low handicap. Okay, let's go Sir. What in the Kim Jong-un is that right here? And let me tell you, let me answer. What in the Kim Jong-Un is that state regime media known as Fox with people like Jesse Waters, while the markets are crashing, while the futures were down, enormous amounts. They were on Friday over the weekend. What were they saying? They were saying this is courage. He's staring the stock market in the face. He's golfing in the face of a crash.


This is what bravery looks like. Here, Play this clue. Mm, Trump's trade war is high risk, high reward. But he's not biting his fingernails. Staring at the Dow today. He actually played golf, which if Biden had done, I definitely wouldn't have criticized him for it. The way they make a mockery, Brett Jordy and Midas mighty, they're telling the people what ridiculous propaganda they have. And this, and this isn't funny. These, this is people's lives that they're playing with and they've got their viewers. So Maga mush brainwashed their fox viewers. This is people's lives though. And they treat it like, it's like it's a game. And like it's funny, Brett, out of all the hosts on Fox, also Jesse Waters in particular has a incredible level of disdain for his own viewers because he mocks them like that on a nightly basis.


Every single night he's making comments like that, acknowledging that he's in on the scheme, he's in on the scam, he's in, on exactly what they are doing at Fox. And right now they have to run protection for Donald Trump. These disastrous policies they have to make it seem like, okay, you are looking in your 401k accounts, you are getting laid off from your job. How can we spin this as a good thing? And they go into overdrive and it gets more and more ridiculous as they try to counter what's actually happening in reality with their spin. And that's why, and we're, we'll show some more clips too. 'cause like the level of like North Korea style propaganda that we are seeing from the Trump regime right now is like nothing we have ever seen before in the United States of America.


And Donald Trump is going full authoritarian. He is leaning into all the things that they do in authoritarian countries, in North Korea, in Russia. We'll talk about the military parade that he wants to hold for himself on his birthday soon as well. But all the things that he's doing, make the people suffer and make them beg you for the scraps. That's a typical thing that dictators have done throughout his history. That's what Donald Trump is doing right here. Make the people suffer, then make them beg you for help. And then you throw them little breadcrumbs and then they go, oh, thank you Mr. Trump. Thank you President Trump. Thank you. Thank you. That's what he wants from people right now. And the issue with this whole tariff scheme is this was done in the worst way possible. And I Think, you know, no matter how much I disagree with what Trump is doing here, and I disagree with what he's doing vehemently, I Think his plan is absolutely atrocious.


And it's clearly destroying the markets and, and putting uncertainty in the markets. But even if there was a world where I did agree somehow with what Trump was doing, there's a reasonable way to roll things out so that it doesn't ruin people's lives so that it doesn't throw businesses into chaos so that it doesn't make people unemployed. There's a way to make it so the business community is able to prepare for these tariffs. There's a way to make it so other countries are able to prepare so that we could have an honest way of doing trade. But because Trump always, because everything is projection with Trump, Trump calls everybody else abusers when Trump himself is the abuser. He is abusing the global trade system.


And I just want you to think like, let's, I'll put out this hypothetical right now, right? Trump's been changing his mind on these tariffs like every other day. It's this rate, it's that rate. We're taking it away. We're negotiating with these countries. No, we're not negotiating with these countries. If you're a business in the United States, and even if you want to build a factory in the United States because of these tariffs, are you going to sink millions, if not tens of millions, if not hundreds of millions of dollars into building a factory in the United States? If Donald Trump can one day come on in and say, ah, I'm just kidding about that tariff, I'm actually taking away that tariff. I cut a deal. I got, I got us a good deal.


All of a sudden that company's investments in this factory were for nothing. And they just lost a whole bunch of money. And their competition now is way ahead of them. You can't negotiate, you can't do business here abroad. You can't do anything with somebody who is so unstable like Donald Trump. And the one thing that you need, if you're in the business community, the one thing that you need if you want to work in general is stability. There's nothing more important than stability. And there is nothing less that I could say that there's a quality of Donald Trump than stability. There's no strategy here. There is zero coherence here. It is full on chaos, nonstop.


And it's just not a good thing. This is why you see even these billionaire CEOs and a lot of these oligarchs who have backed Donald Trump, I'm talking the Bill Ackmans of the world. I'm even talking, Elon Musk came out and said that he did like tariffs. There's a reason why they are all panicking as well because they know that this is a stupid idea that is going to wreck their companies. And like everything's going to have a a domino effect here. Also, as the stock market goes down, as investors get margin called as these companies are, are struggled to keep up with everything that's going on, they're going to have to lay off more people. Now these people aren't going to be able to find jobs at other places. America's as a competitive leader in the world is completely ruined.


And those jobs, even Howard Lutnick of the Trump administration right now is admitting that if those jobs even were to come back here, which is unlikely to begin with, that they would be robots doing the jobs, not American workers. So they are completely setting this up, like all of their scams to help the billionaires to help the factory owners, but not the factory workers. And right now Trump is just, this is just a perfect storm that this administration has created and the Republicans could end it in two seconds if they wanted to. They could pass legislation to stop this at any point. But you have the cowards like Mike Johnson who refused and this entire Republican party who refused to do anything about this.


Exactly. Brett, the, the coverage that mainstream media and congressional Republicans, the Republican party at large, I I is giving Trump right now, is utterly ridiculous. And it a light of fire just under every single American because they are gaslighting you. They, they're all gaslighting you at once and they just hope you don't care enough. They hope that they could distract you with the trans volleyball player on San Jose State, or this is issue or that issue and not look at your 4 0 1 Ks, it was trans billboards today, Jordy trans billiard, trans billiards, and I Think it was a billiards game from like two years ago. That's what they're running with on Vox today. The Republicans in Congress have absolutely zero backbone.


And this is gonna go down as just one of the biggest stains on the Republican party forever. As long as there's a country, everyone's gonna remember where these Republicans stood at this moment in time. When the stock market's crashing, when businesses are, are terrified, everyone will remember where these Republicans stood and it's gonna make a difference. And you know why it's so infuriating too? And we just actually have to ask the question. Donald Trump's cognitive ability, can you even call it a cognitive ability? I I he, he's not all there. And I'm not saying that to be dramatic or, or just, you know, for the clicks and the likes. It's very obvious by his speech and what he cares to put out in public that he's not being a very serious person right now.


And the only thing that I can conclude is that he is simply just not all there. He wants to talk about his golf game. He wants to talk about going to these golf tournaments and, And that he competes. He's not Jack Nicholson. I mean, what we, what are we talking about? We just accept that this guy competes in these like senior golf championships and he hoist the trophy that they give him. And he, they give him every p like this is some really sick stuff that we're witnessing. This is the guy that has the nuclear coats, okay? And the Republicans in Congress are just covering his ass. W why, why We need to ask the questions here, because at the end of the day, it's every single American and future Americans, we're gonna be paying the price for this disgusting and ridiculous behavior.


Like the Jody said, he is not Jack Nicholson. I Think he meant Jack Nicholas, but you know, I always confuse them and I'm so, I'm just, I'm so thrilled that you called me out on that because you know, everyone picked up on the difference there. Well, Jordy going back to what Brett said, I would say that this, whatever it is, it's textbook authoritarian mindset, which is, by the way, I mean Vladimir Putin goes and sits on horses with his shirt off and he tries to act like he's so strong and he says that he wins these juujitsu competitions, right? Kim Jong-Un is photographed a certain way. This is part of the authoritarian playbook. And part of the authoritarian playbook is you make people suffer. You think Putin cares about how people in Russia are doing?


No, you think Kim Jong-un cares about how people in North Korea are doing? No authoritarians don't care how their people are doing. In fact, authoritarians actually want their populations to suffer and do worse so that their populations go and beg, beg for breadcrumbs. And they are the ones as the authoritarians who hand out the breadcrumbs. They view economic independence and actual, you know, Donald Trump is all projection and confession. Trump views economic independence as liberation. Trump's liberation day is liberation of an authoritarian ethos and actually crushing the freedom of Americans. And that's why I Think he uses that term as well.


Because now people have to go and beg for exemptions. I need your help. Countries have to, in his mind, beg him for exemption. So now he becomes in his own mind, the most important person who gets to basically say, I give you this exemption I give you. You go bankrupt, you go bankrupt. He likes to see that he's crashing international markets, that that gives him joy to feel that he has that power and people have to go and beg and beg and beg. The thing is, is that the international community is forming their own alliances now in the short term. They're trying to stop the bleeding in the long term. They're viewing America as no longer a reliable ally And that they have to create new structures to isolate the United States.


I mean, Europe announced that it was gonna have its own reciprocal tariffs. I mean, Canada's was preparing, you know, its tariffs. China announced its own retaliation to which then Donald Trump said, well, and if you do that, I'm gonna do this. Which basically would mean what? 105% tariffs on China. You take a look at what Apple is doing after Trump announced that, is Apple gonna build the factory in Indiana? Know where they're gonna go? They're gonna go to India. Why? Because it's still cheaper to do business there versus Indiana. I saw an analysis that was done by I believe Fortune Magazine and I saw others do this analysis as well. If you had to move the entire supply chain for an iPhone just here into the United States, all parts like the Trump regime wants, it would cost $30,000 for a single iPhone if you had to make everything here in the United States.


And so corporations are not gonna follow what Trump is actually saying. It still doesn't make any sense at all. And the rollout here is so sloppy and embarrassing. I wanna talk about that and more. We gotta take our first quick break of the show. I wanna remind everybody very soon we're going to be doing probably in the next, I Think we'll do it next week. We're gonna hold our April Zoom meeting with our members here on our patreon patreon.com/midas touch P-A-T-R-E-O n.com/midas touch. If you ever wanted to meet me, Brett and Jordy, sign up now to make sure you get the invite with the secret link to meet Brett Jordy and I I we're gonna be dropping that link in the next day or two.


And again, we're gonna hold that next week. Also, check out store dot midas touch.com, store dot midas touch.com. That's where you get the Midas gear. Lots of people have been asking, we want the Midas gear. Where do you get it? You get it@store.midastouch.com n For our Canadian listeners and viewers, we have separately made Maple Midas gear in Canada. So it's 100% made in manufactured in Canada, not in the United States. You see the Maple Midas gear right there for our viewers, our listeners, you can check it out@store.midastouch.com. We're gonna take our first quick break of the show. We've got a lot more to cover. And also the Midas Touch was I Think the only network to get our hands on the Obama speech and appearance that he did at Hamilton College, and that's gone very viral based on what he said.


So we'll show you that and more. Let's take our first quick break of the show.


Before I found Public Rec, I dreaded putting on real pants. You know, the ones tight waistbands, stiff fabric, squeezing all the wrong places. Honestly, it would make me like not even want to go out at all. But then I discovered Public Rec and everything changed. I'm obsessed with these pants. The first time I slipped them on, I could not believe how comfortable they were. It felt like I was wearing joggers, but I looked like I could walk into a nice dinner or hit the bar. I've worn them to meetings, out to grab drinks, to workouts, and even on a long flight. And yep, I have absolutely fallen asleep in them too. Public Rec nails that perfect balance between comfort and style. True story. After I got my first pair, I loved them so much, I went right back on their website and ordered them in just about every single color. I am already eyeing their shorts and hoodies. Next, comfortable enough for the couch, sharp enough for the city. For a limited time, you could get 20% off at Public Rec by using Code Midas 20 at checkout. Just head to Public Rec dot com and use code Midas 20, that's M-E-I-D-A-S two zero. And you're all set. Oh, and when they ask how you found them, be sure to mention our show. It really helps us out upgrade to Public Rec and feel the difference.


If there's a surefire way to wake up feeling fresh after a night of drinking, it's with Pre-Cool Zbiotics. Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough. Next day. Pre-Cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make pre-cool your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference. The next day, even after a night out, I can confidently plan on having a great next day without worrying. Look, I won't lie, I was a bit on the fence about pre-cool initially, but then while hanging out with some friends over at our local brewery, I gave it a shot. And believe me, it's the real deal. When I first gave pre-Cool a try months ago, I was at a wedding. I drank it before my first martini, and you wouldn't believe how on top of my game I felt the very next morning this March Madness. Don't let anything sideline your celebrations. Grab pre-cool before you go out and be ready to cheer on your team all day and night long. Go to Zbiotics dot com slash midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Midas at checkout, Zbiotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember head to Zbiotics dot com slash midas and use code Midas at checkout for 15% off. Let's go.


Shout out to our sponsors links in description of both YouTube and the audio. Shout out Zbiotics. They've been a big sponsor of ours forever, so definitely check them out. If you're interested in shout out Public Rec, man, they're awesome. Use the codes. Use the links, let them know we sent you. If they ask Benji where to next, you know the stock market today resembled like the Trump meme coin, the way it looked, right, it would go all the way down, then it would go up, then it would go all the way down, then it would go up. And these are swings that are not reflective of a stable market. These are the swings that are reflective of the whims of a maniac. I want to go back to what I was saying though before the break.


That's right out of the authoritarian playbook, the Trump regime specifically Trump wants everything to be at his whim. I say this, the market rises, I say this, the market crashes. That creates ultimately though in the long run, the perfect recipe for the worst case scenario when it comes to the economy, we're not reliable, we're not a stable place to do business. And it's just a matter of time though before the international community is able to build these structures. And trust me, they're building it right now that basically isolate and alienate the United States economy for generations. I mean, we're seeing the boycott, of course, elbows up from Canada, tourism boycott that exceeding all projections.


By the way, all these economists and all of these, not just economists, really the the kind of corporate projectors they've been wrong about like everything. Oh, we think it's not gonna be that bad. We think I'm like, look, what are you talking about? It's clearly going to be that bad. I Think in some areas it's like 75 to 80% boycotts of certain types of leisure travel and tourism. I still think, you know, some of these projections are in denial. I Think it's gonna be 10, 20% then y'all aren't following what's happening. Ken, also, we boycott of goods also. We're seeing the boycott expand also internationally in Europe and Australia and New Zealand, Africa and other places as well, Asia, because they're seeing the way, you know, America is treating them.


I wanna share with you what's going on though from the Trump propagandists while all of this is taking place. So treasury Secretary Scott Bessant, who was previously living in a $22 million replica of Barbies mansion or whatever you call it, Malibu Barbie mansion or whatever they're calling it like a pink $22 million mansion in in Charleston, South Carolina. You know, and this guy's like the most arrogant guy in the world. So you know, he's asked like, what's your message to the American people who are suffering right now? And let me just show you what he says. Let's Play this clip. What Is your message to Americans who want to retire right now and who've just seen their lifetime savings drop significantly?


Well, C I Think that's a false narrative. Americans who want to retire right now, the Americans who have put away for years in their savings accounts, I, I Think the don't look at the day-to-day fluctuations of what's happening. Really? You think Americans don't look at the day-to-day fluctuations in what's happening And that Americans have enough in their savings to not care about these market crashes. That's what the Trump regime is messaging. It doesn't matter. You need to face pain and suffering and hardship. That's what they're, that's what they're saying. Take a look at agriculture Secretary Brooke Rollins. He or she is asked, I Think a very fair question.


Like why would you tariff penguins? Like why are you taring American military bases? Like, don't you see that this looks sloppy, end dangerous? Take a listen to what she says in response. Let's Play it. President Trump laid out with a giant graphic of all the countries where tariffs were gonna, what he called reciprocal tariffs were gonna be imposed. And you're imposing a 10% tariff on the herd. And McDonald Islands the herd and McDonald Islands have zero human inhabitants. They have zero exports, they have zero imports, they do have a lot of penguins. Why are you putting import tariffs on islands that are entirely populated by penguins?


Well, I mean that, come on Jake, obviously, here's the bottom line. We live under a tariff regime from other countries. We have Too long seen the, the McDonald Islands is not imposing The idea that America goes first. I mean, come on, I, I, whatever. Listen, the people that are leading this are serious and intentional, patriotic, the smartest people I've ever worked with, Usually the smartest people don't go out and say, I'm the smartest person. I'm the most patriotic and stable person. That's usually not the way smart people conduct themselves. And then just the premise is a lie.


We are living a tariff regime under other people. Not, not really. I mean, y'all are calculating tariffs based on trade deficits and based on some cockamamie formula that's also applied wrong based on trade deficits with country. And as people said, who cares if there's a trade deficit with, with Vietnam, if we're buying more, of course we're gonna be buying more cheaper products from a country like Vietnam than they're going to be buying from the United States. What are we even talking about here? What, why is that some shock? And why are we using that delta as part of some methodology to calculate that they're taring this amount.


And then you see like they spike the football and they're like, we got Cambodia to break. Cambodia says that they like, what, what, what are you even talking about? You got Cambodia to break, you got Vietnam to break and submit while like Europe is standing up. All these people are, all these other countries are building structures to basically, and I wanna say this too if I can. So Trump and his best case scenario and his big pitch for why these tariffs are so amazing says tariffs are going to make us rich. It's always get rich quick scheme with Trump, right? It's always, it's gonna make you rich. It's not gonna make you rich. You're never gonna see this money. Hate to break it to you listeners, but Trump always goes, tariffs are gonna make us rich. We are going to get $1 trillion.


Like Dr. Evil, this guy, we are gonna get $1 trillion from tariffs. I'll say two things about the $1 trillion from the tariffs. I'll say first in the past week or so alone under Donald Trump, the stock market has already lost $10 trillion in value. $10 trillion removed from the United States economy. Four, this theoretical, $1 trillion that he's talking about. I'll just put that there. I know it's not exactly apples to apples, but I'll just say that we're already getting quite screwed by Donald Trump's plans exponentially upon these, the one that 1 trillion mark. Secondly, do you know where the $1 trillion comes from?


Do you know who's paying that $1 trillion that he's talking about the United States earning? You are. It's not the other countries because tariffs are attacks on American companies and tariffs are attacks that are passed along to American consumers. So every time Trump is bragging about all the money that we're going to make from these tariffs, he is bragging quite literally and directly. He is bragging about raising your taxes and taking your money. That's what he's bragging about anytime he says, we're gonna get rich off tariffs. To be clear, Ben Trump was in the Oval Office today with Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.


So while the market is having these kind of massive fluctuations throughout the day after a Thursday, Friday crash after international markets crashed, this was now the day to highlight Donald Trump's deranged and, and demented international policies, if you even want to call it that. This is where he calls Gaza an incredible piece of real estate, wants to get rid of all the Palestinian people from Palestine, send them to these other countries, which didn't Donald Trump also say that that was gonna happen already. Didn't Donald Trump also say that he had figured out and all these other countries wanted that to happen? Of course he lied about that.


I was wondering if today was gonna be one of the days where he talks about the Trump gold card, which he's selling to Russian and Chinese oligarchs for $5 million a piece, by the way, should be noted that from that tariff list that Donald Trump put out, Russia was not listed on that. Even though, yes, there's lots of sanctions on Russia, but there is still some trade. You could have easily put Russia on that tariff list. Russia wasn't on that list. The Taliban in Afghanistan, they got an exemption to the formula applied to other countries. That's a, that's a notable one right there. But you know, today was bring in Netanyahu again day was it, wasn't he just there like last month?


Bring in Netanya Day and this is where Trump talks about owning the real estate. He calls, you know, his real estate deal that he wants to do to take over and control Gaza. This is what happened earlier in the day. Let's play it. The preference of the times of Israel, the IDF is fighting to get into Gago strip by myself might be called up in a month. Do you think that's the way to pressure Kamas to get to a deal? And do you think blocking humanitarian aid is also an affected Pressure? Well, you know how I feel about the Gaza trip, I Think it's an incredible piece of important real estate and I Think it's something that we would be involved in. But you know, having a peace force like the United States there, controlling and owning the Gaza Strip would be a good thing because right now all it is is for years and years, all I hear about is killing and Hamas and problems.


And if you take the people, the Palestinians and move them around to different countries, and you have plenty of countries that will do that. And you really have a freedom, a freedom zone. You call it the freedom zone, a free zone, Jordy, I Think that's your point. Freedom zone. You call it a freedom zone. That's what, and, and now you want to put, you heard what he said today, in any normal times, that would be a major disqualifying story, right? He's calling Gaza a piece of real estate that he wants to control with American peace forces. He calls it in a freedom zone. He says that he wants to take control of, by the way, of course Donald Trump was incapable of keeping the ceasefire, you know, going that former President Biden negotiated.


And then this also just reminds me also guys of that, do we, we just kind of move away. You have to like keep track of all of Donald Trump's lies with the fact also that he promised on day one there was going to be peace in Ukraine, right? Donald Trump promised in 24 hours or even before he took office, there would be peace in Ukraine. But then, you know, like later in the week you've got like a zelensky push Russian propaganda day. There's like tank the market day, there's gold card day, there's invite Netanyahu and talking about owning Gaza Day, he's setting like the whole world on fire. This guy, I, I mean, and all the promise. And you could go, you know, Ukraine, Gaza economy, national security, like you go through everything. He just, no tax on tips.


He is just, he's, he's destroying everything and he is not coming through with any of those other promises. Like, like Jordy just said, the no tax on tips. I mean like, like, and all he is done is also give Netanyahu a green light to just go through and, and like massacre a bunch of people. So like, I, I Think it's really screwed up what we are seeing here. And when we see Netanyahu in the Oval Office and they're talking about people as if they are objects displacing them, essentially it's speaking about ethnic cleansing, taking people against their will, sending them to other countries, you know, who have never asked for, people don't want them. Like I, I like the people wanna live where they live. And I Think just as it's so disgusting to hear, speak about this area in terms of, oh, the real estate is so great.


Oh, Israel really screwed up back in the day by not keeping that oceanfront property, great real estate oceanfront property. We could do beautiful things like people live here, like, like there are people who live here and I Think it is just so, just disheartening to say the least, but it is stomach churning when you see him making these comments so nonchalantly and how little attention it now gets because he just says one crazy thing after the next, every single day. And then you want to know the two promises, Brett, that he, I guess did fulfill one that Americans are gonna feel pain Americans are certainly feeling pain. That was he, he said that during the campaign trail. And then what else did, well, Trump never said Americans were gonna feel pain.


Elon Musk said Americans were gonna feel pain. Oh, sorry, the the defacto president, Elon Musk said that, so sorry Trump, Trump, Trump never said that at all. Quite frankly, Trump, Trump said that everything on day one was gonna be fixed. Trump said, day one, your prices are gonna be lower. Trump said day one, Ukraine done. Trump said day, day one, no issues in Gaza anymore. Trump said day one, lower prices, lower gas, lower egg price. I mean he, he went through the entire list of every problem in America and said it was going to be solved on day one. Instead, Americans are paying more. The world is in chaos. The United States is a laughing stock. Nobody is traveling to this country because they are not only because they don't like Donald Trump because they are scared of being taken off the street and thrown in an El Salvadorian torture camp.


Like think about just that. That's where we are as a country right now. And I don't think it's fully set into a lot of people because it's happened so quickly. How quickly Donald Trump has brought the United States into this authoritarian, at minimum into an authoritarian frame. Because I still do believe that the people here have the power. And I Think the people show that over the weekend at these protests, and by the way, these protests are going to be bigger and bigger and bigger as we were. We've been speaking about what for months and months now, that there was going to be a summer of democracy and we got to see a taste of that this spring. A spring of democracy, a democracy spring. Well, we're going to see a summer democracy as what you saw over the weekend, as big as that was by comparison. Going to make that look small.


But we can't lose sight of the fact that the things Donald Trump is doing by threatening judges, by threatening law firms, these law firms bending over backwards to try to help Donald Trump so that they're not punished these universities bending over backwards to appease Donald Trump. These military parades that Donald Trump is doing on his birthday. All of this stuff is at minimum, and I know I'm certainly probably even putting it lightly here. At minimum authoritarian framing is what we have in this country right now. And it doesn't sit right with me. This is not the America that I know and this is not the America that I wanna leave behind for future generations. And I Think that's why we are all here fighting.


That's why this community is here every single day because we all know the stakes. We all know how important this is and we refuse to take it. We refuse to bend and we refuse to cower like these media companies that we see, like these colleges, like these lawyers. We're not going to do that here at the Midas Touch Network. And I know the people watching here are not gonna do that as well. You see what Trump cabinet members are wearing the lapel pin, it's literally lapel pins of Donald Trump's face on it replacing the American flag. They used to have the ar, they did the American flag, then the AR 15 and now for example, the chairman of the Federal Communication Commission who regulates communications radio, tv, internet, satellite and cable in the United States wears Trump pins on Trump's face as a pin.


Brett, you mentioned the Trump parade on June 14th in Washington DC Donald Trump's gonna be doing a is preparing this. This is what's being reported, a military parade bringing tanks and weapons in Washington DC the way authoritarians do that, the way Kim Jong-un does. Military parades. Trump wanted to do this in 2018, but when there were actually military generals who were standing up to him, they said, you can't do this one. It's gonna cost like a hundred million dollars. Two, it's gonna like damage the streets. And three, it's just a bad look for like a democracy to do that while Trump is planning that.


And I Think part of the reason Trump is planning that is also in response to the protests that he's seeing. I Think Trump is scared at seeing 5 million Americans show up at a protest. It, it doesn't shock me that the timing of the announcement that that leaking was around the time that we saw Americans rise up. And I Think the biggest mass mobilization ever, and I Think conduct like that is going to just have more Americans rise up and rise up against the Trump regime as he engages in this conduct. That's all we know for now about the military parades. But I Think Donald Trump's fully gonna go through with this thing. I Think it's gonna look absolutely ridiculous. But you piece all of this together, the small things, the lapel pin to the kidnappings and sending people to concentration camps in El Salvador, partnering with the authoritarian leader there.


What Trump is doing with the tariffs, which are a way to exert authoritarian power by declaring emergencies that don't exist to do end runs around Congress to make people beg him. All of this in its totality is easily explainable when you realize authoritarians want people to suffer. That's what Donald Trump's trying to inflict. When we get back, I wanna talk more about the protests. I want to talk about the shadow hearings that are taking place that we're covering here on the Midas Touch Network. I want to talk about the status of Abrego Garcia, who is currently rotting in an El Salvador concentration camp.


I'm not sure if y'all saw 60 Minutes, by the way, who Donald Trump is also suing for $20 billion. 'cause he didn't like the way vice former vice President Kamala Harris answered their questions. When Trump was too afraid during the campaign to even sit for an interview at 60 Minutes, their analysis was 75% of the people sent to the concentration camps in El Salvador who were kidnapped in the United States have no criminal record here or from where they came from at all 75%. We're gonna talk about all of that, and I gotta show you former President Obama's statement at Hamilton College. That full video is loaded up on our YouTube channel as well. You'll only get it exclusively here on the Midas Touch Network, the home of all the broadcasting of where these protests are taking place.


That and more when we come back, I wanna remind everybody, store dot midas touch.com, get your Midas touch gear for all the maple Midas out there in Canada. We've separately pro produced and manufactured made in Canada only the Maple Midas gear store dot midas touch.com there. Check out patreon.com/midas touch as well to meet Brett Jordy and I with the secret link. We're gonna be holding a zoom meeting next week. We'll be back. We've got a lot more to discuss. We'll take our last quick break of the show.


So you ever wake up and feel like your body just hit the snooze button on life? Yeah, same Honestly. Aging sneaks up on you in some wild ways, whether it's a night out or a good workout, I just don't bounce back the way that I used to. One day you're full of energy. The next, you're Googling how to stretch without pulling a muscle. I believe one of the best aging breakthroughs of the last decade is qua lytic. And here's why. It's designed to help your body naturally eliminate something called senescent cells, also known as zombie cells. These are the ones that just hang around after they've stopped doing their job, draining your energy and making you feel well old. Think joint discomfort, sluggish recovery, low energy. The whole deal quality of lytic is a groundbreaking supplement made with nine plant-based nutrients and you only take it two days a month. That's it. Since I started taking it, I felt more energized, quicker to recover from workouts and honestly just more like me. Again. Plus quality's breakthrough formulation is vegan non GMO and tested by leading scientists experience the science of Feeling younger. Go to quality of life.com/midas for up to 50% off your purchase and use code Midas for an additional 15%. That's Q-U-A-L-I-A life.com/midas, M-E-I-D-S for that extra 15% off your older self will. Thank you. And thanks to Qualia for sponsoring this episode.


What does the future hold for business? You ask nine experts, you get 10 different answers. Bull market. Bear market will rates rise, will rates fall? Can someone please invent a crystal ball? Until then, over 40,000 businesses have future proof their business with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management inventory, HR into one fluid platform with one unified business management suite. There's one source of truth giving you the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions like we need to do at the Midas Touch Network with real time insights and forecasting. You're peering into the future with actionable data. And you know, I love data. When you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you're spending less time looking backwards and more time on what's next. That's why I use this, and you should too. So whether you company is earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to the immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. Speaking of opportunity, download the CFO's Guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash midas. The guide is free to you at NetSuite dot com slash midas. That's N-E-T-S-U-I-T e.com/midas. One more time, go to NetSuite dot com slash midas. Thanks NetSuite.


Shout out to our sponsors links in description of both the YouTube and the audio. Click the links, use the codes, let them know we sent you Benji, you just, you you mentioned it really quickly. I Think it's just worth touching on one more time that, that Trump is planning a, a military parade through the streets of DC to celebrate his his 79th birthday. I mean, it, it sound, that's just an insane sentence to even say. And back before Bill Maher went sideways, he used to warn that Trump, you know, is that this is something that he wants to bring to the states, these mil, these military, you know, style parades we're seeing all the things that he wanted to do in his previous presidency. But there were guardrails that still existed then. And there were people that were around him to tell him, no general's military, he's purged all those people and he's completely taken over the Republican party and now they just go, yes, you want a parade?


We'll make, give you a parade, sir, doing this. So whether or not of if he's gonna do this or not, I Think the obvious answer is, yeah, he's going to do this. And this is gonna be one of the most bizarre things to take place in the streets of DC that we've ever quite frankly seen Jordy. This is why though, the whole thing is a sham. The whole administration is a whole, the whole thing is a sham. Because if you were really concerned about wasteful spending, yes, you wouldn't spend more than a hundred million dollars on something like this. And that's, you know, I I, I'm honestly almost like upset by a lot of the things just from like a intellectual level, I guess. Because when I look at, like, when I look at what Elon Musk has done with Doge, for example, could have been an amazing opportunity, honestly, to make the government more efficient.


If you actually had an honest broker at the helm, if you had people giving legitimate numbers, if you had, like I said earlier with the tariffs, a plan, rather than let's just throw all this stuff out in the first few weeks. Fire people, make them lose their jobs, have all these lawsuits, have all this chaos, destroy these agencies, make it so people can't even get weather forecasts in some areas. Make it so people are waiting hours online for their social security phone calls, all that stuff. There was a way that you could go through and you could actually make the government more efficient. And I would love that, quite frankly, and I'm sure there's an Elon Musk of the past who would've been very good at that. And Elon Musk before he got Red pilled or, or Propagandized by his own social media app or whatever the heck that happened with Elon Musk, because I Think there, that would've been a great opportunity.


Instead, this is in a complete, this is an administration. It's the gang that can't shoot straight, they can't do anything, right? Doge is all a scam. It's, it's the whole thing. They, they say, these say these big numbers. They're fake. They put these numbers on their website. You look into them for a second. There were contracts that were already canceled 10 years ago, or the numbers are inflated, or it's all a, it's all a scam. And with this military parade in 2018 or 2019, whatever the year was, it was one of those years that they were gonna do this parade. It was going to cost over $90 million for the parade alone, and then an additional about $20 million in order to fix the streets and the damage, because streets in Washington, DC are not designed for military planes and all this stuff to be pulled alongside it and to drive down it.


So they were going to do it knowing that it was going to damage the streets and completely destroy the infrastructure in dc But Trump doesn't give a shit. So he's gonna be doing it now, and there's gonna be a lot of waste here and all, all, all for this. And it will really show, that will be the moment if, if anyone he goes through with it, that will really show that the America of the past is gone dead, not here anymore. And it's gonna be up to us to revive it. I went to law school in Washington, dc They didn't really even have the infrastructure for snow plows. So you think you're gonna put a tank and roll a tank through the streets of Washington dc Going back to what you were saying also about, you know, Elon Musk and, you know, these oligarchs, Ima what's one of the biggest issues right now confronting the American people housing, right?


The affordability of housing. People are working jobs and they can't afford a house they could barely even afford to rent when they're working full-time jobs. They have to work multiple jobs just to be able to rent. And they live paycheck to paycheck. So if something happens, they get evicted. And when that happens, that's like psychological torture to people. And, and we have to recognize that. So imagine if Elon, you know, with, with all he's been with, with all he built, imagine if the focus was on like Tesla homes, right? Or we're gonna build millions of homes in all of these areas. And rather than the news story every day being veterans being fired, or Medicaid being cut, or Social security administration offices being shut down, you know, or, you know, national Park Rangers losing their jobs or whatever the next disaster is where you wake up and you get this bill.


Imagine if it was, we figured out a way to build homes for $50,000 and we're building, you know, billions of dollars of investment to make sure all Americans can afford their homes. This is a housing boom. Like imagine channeling it for that. But no, why, why don't they do that? Remember what I said before, the authoritarian playbook here is to make people suffer. Suffering is not, you know, just like whatever it, it is the actual goal. It's not the quirk, it is the end. It is the desire. 'cause that's where authoritarians feast in that moment. What Musk though, and these other billionaires though, who are now finding their net worth gutted.


And Michael Cohen was someone who basically said this at the outset too. I mean, he knows Trump better than anybody. So, you know, you know, he gives some good insights. He's like, you realize that Trump's gonna go for the billionaires first. Like he's gonna, so what did, what did Trump do? Does a lot of shakedowns with the billionaires, right? You better settle your lawsuit for $50 million. A hundred million dollars, $20 million. He goes after the law firms. And then also what he's doing. He doesn't care that the, that the billionaires are losing their net. Well, Trump doesn't care that he's gutting Wall Street. Trump hates Wall Street. Trump always viewed Wall Street as people who look down on him. Trump likes that he's making Wall Street suffer. He doesn't care that it's affecting your pensions and your 4 0 1 Ks and life savings.


And the way Donald Trump and his regime are willing to just kidnap people and send him to concentration camps. They, there's no connection to humanity here. It's just the ization of Donald Trump as an authoritarian. That's where all these moves lead and Jordy, whether it's, you know, demented, whether it's, you know, malignant narcissism, whether it's, you know what, whatever, you know, you know, you can say, well, the way he's talking, he looks unwell. I don't, at the end of the day, these are the staples of an authoritarian. I do wanna show you this though, 'cause former President Obama spoke at Hamilton College. The Midas touch exclusively got the footage of what went down at Hamilton College. At this speech, we have the full speech, the key kind of portions where he's kind of comparing what's going on now and contrasting it to normal times in America.


But he spoke at Hamilton College. I Think it was a powerful reminder of what once was and what the issues are. Let me just show you a quick clip of former President Obama at Hamilton College, where he's like, could you imagine if I did any of this, any of it? What would happen here? Play this clip. Let imagine if I had done any of this. Let, let, let me just, I I, I just, I just wanna be clear about this. I I, I, I imagine that, imagine if I had pulled Fox News' credentials from the White House press court.


You're laughing, but no, that this is what's happening. I I I I I I, I, I imagine if I had, I had said to law firms that were representing parties that were upset with policies, my administration had initiated that you'll not be allowed into government buildings. We will punish you economically for dissenting from the Affordable Care Act or the Iran deal.


We will fare it out. Students who protest against my policies, it's unimaginable that the same parties that are silent now would've tolerated behavior like that for me or a whole bunch of my predecessors. So I, and I say this, I say this not on a partisan basis.


This has to do with something more precious, which is who are we as a country and what values do we stand for? We have that full speech on our YouTube channel. It's close to 2 million views as of this live recording. And I just think that's gonna keep on growing. And Brett, when he asks and Jordy and might as mighty, who are we? You know, are we a nation that without due process, kidnaps human beings without due process and sends them to concentration camps in El Salvador?


Then the Trump regime, at least with this guy, Abrego Garcia from Maryland, admits in a court filing that it was an error, that it was a mistake. And says Oopsies in the court filing, there's nothing we can do. Even though we said the Trump regime has a contract with Na Belli the leader of El Salvador. We're not gonna do anything to get this individual back. 'cause we're just gonna say that this individual is MS 13. And just, just trust us bro. Just trust us. Individual, never accused of a crime, never convicted of a crime.


Just trust us bro. We're gonna say that and we're gonna have him rot. We're not gonna pick up the phone and call up Na Boo Kelly and say, we got it wrong. Hey, can you return that guy? Can you return like the gay barber hair hairdresser, you know, who's not a gang member? 75% of the people, no criminal record. They may have had tattoos, mom, dad, tattoos, real Madrid tattoos. And because of that, these individuals who voluntarily showed up to ice voluntarily, they were here lawfully as asylum seekers. They show up voluntarily, not hiding. They showed up and then they get sent to concentration camps, a concentration camp in El Salvador.


And so this case about Abrego Garcia, he's the individual from Maryland working in Maryland. Again, no crimes. A Trump immigration judge in 2019 made an order. 2019 Trump was at office. The order was this guy cannot go back to El Salvador. He'll get killed if he goes there. He was under a protection decree, a protected status decree. He had to check in with ice. He checked in regularly. He was working. There was someone who made an accusation that he was a gang member back in 2019, but no one ever proved it.


There's no evidence that he was, someone made an accusation. But he was someone who the Trump immigration judge says he, he can be here, just have him show up. Trump regime sends him where, the exact place that it says he will get killed if he goes to to El Salvador. They send him there and then they say, oops. He's in a court filing a district court judge in Maryland. Judge Zenni federal judge says, Donald Trump, you have until April 7th, midnight find him. Call na Belli. You said you have a contract with Belli for $6 million or whatever, $8 million to take migrants.


Call 'em and bring them back. Bring these people back. What are you doing? Trump regime said, Nope, not doing it. Go deal with Belli. We ain't doing it at all. Trump regime appeals. The district court ruling to the Fourth Circuit, the Fourth Circuit Court of appeals earlier today, denied the Trump administration's effort to resist an order to return Abrego Garcia by midnight tonight. Let me just read for you what the ruling says. The panel unanimously agrees that the District Court's order requiring the government to facilitate and effectuate the return of Abrego Garcia by no later than 11:59 PM should not be stayed. Meaning he should return the government's motion to stay is therefore denied.


I write to explain my view, the United States government has no legal authority to snatch a person who is lawfully present in the United States off the street and remove him from the country without due process. The government's contention otherwise. And its argument that the federal courts are powerless to intervene, are unconscionable. And then another judge on that panel, judge Wilkinson, a Reagan appointee, said The Trump administration's position on Abrego Garcia amounts to a path of perfect lawlessness. The facts of this case thus present the potential for a disturbing loophole, namely that the government could whisk an individual to foreign prisons in violation of court orders and then contend invoking its Article two powers that it is no longer under their custody.


And there is nothing that can be done. It takes no small amount of imagination to understand that this is a path of perfect lawlessness, is what the court says. Perfect lawlessness. And by the way, in that ruling by the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals, they also scolded the Justice Department. Kyle Cheney did great reporting here from Politico scolding the Justice Department for penalizing the lawyer from the DOJ who argued the case quote, the duty of zealous representation is tempered by the duty of candor to the court and the duty to uphold the rule of law.


So the DOJ lawyer who went before Judge Zenni admitted the facts that this was a mistake, that this person shouldn't have been sent to El Salvador because there was a duty to be honest with the judge and not suborn perjury before a federal judge. So then the Trump administration then put that lawyer on administrative leave and basically took an adverse employment action because that lawyer told the truth to the district court judge. So they retaliated against the lawyer for being honest. That part hasn't gotten reported a lot. Also, what hadn't been reported a lot, and I give Kyle Cheney credit again for pointing this one out. The United States frequently based on extradition treaties, brings in MS 13 gang members into the United States who are abroad.


Like, here's a release from March 5th, which talks about an MS 13 member who is in Guatemala. And on March 5th, this same Justice department reached out to the government there, brought the MS 13 member into the United States to try that MS 13 gang member in the United States Prison Systems and put that person in the United States. So someone who was MS 13, you bring him into the United States, someone who's not MS 13 or just a baseless accusation, you send that person to the concentration camp in El Salvador. Now let's talk about what the Supreme Court did.


The Supreme Court then today indefinitely blocked the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeal order requiring Abrego Garcia to return. So the Supreme Court through Chief Justice John Roberts put a stop to those orders that I just read you before, which said, return Abrego Garcia. Now the Supreme Court ordered that there be, you know, pretty urgent briefing that the briefing be filed by tomorrow at 5:00 PM or if you're listening to this on Tuesday, that it be filed on Tuesday at 5:00 PM Eastern. But the court stopped the actions that said Trump regime return Abrego Garcia back to the United States.


And we will see ultimately what the Supreme Court rules. But Brett Jordy, to your point, and going back to even what that Reagan appointed judge says, this is a, it's not a slippery slope to authoritarianism. It is authoritarianism, it is here right now. And the totality of everything we told you, Occam's razor, the simple explanation is that this is an authoritarian regime. It's not a constitutional crisis. We're beyond the constitutional crisis, right? It is a authoritarianism and now it is an authoritarian regime, also kakis ocracy Idiocracy that also looks more bizarre than frankly North Korea. But authoritarian regime meets the people power, right?


It meets the resistance, it meets the opposition, it meets people taking to the streets. 5 million people, corporate media is afraid to report on it. We're reporting on it here on the Midas Touch Network. We're talking about the hearings that need to be held. These shadow hearings being held by people like Senator Schiff and Democratic Congress member Jamie Raskin, pointing out what the Trump's done with the DOJ, the MAGA Republicans in the House of Representatives and Senate. They've given up all of their co-equal branch authority to Donald Trump and this authoritarian system. So no one's covering those hearings. We're covering those hearings here and now we're dealing with what we've seen and what's going on right now, like in Belgrade, right, in Budapest, in Tbilisi, you know, against the Putin regime.


We're seeing that against the Trump regime here. These protests are gonna grow and grow and grow, and we're gonna make sure we cover them every step of the way here on the Midas Touch Network and use our platform as we did on our substack midas plus.com, on our YouTube channel, on all of our socials to make sure we cover these protests from all angles. Brett, I'm sorry it was a long description of everything, but I had to get to get into the weeds there. No, it's, it, it's a good wrap of everything going on and you know, there's, there's a lot to be concerned about and we're not here to sugarcoat things and let you know that everything's great because it clearly is not. But there is a lot to be hopeful for as well. And this weekend brought me a lot of hope. A lot of these town halls that we've seen over the past few weeks have brought me a lot of hope.


And, and finally seeing kind of Democrats step up, seeing the people rise up. I I, I Think it does give me a, a kind of a lot of confidence of going into the future that we can overcome all this, but we're gonna have to stay in this fight. We're gonna have to stay just up to date with everything that's going on, make sure that we're on top of everything. And so that's what we promised to do here at the Midas Touch Network. And I gotta thank all of you for, for being in it. 'cause I know times are tough. I know it's not fun for those rev retirement plans to check their accounts and be like, what the hell is going on? I know it's not fun to wake up to all this chaos, especially after years and years and years of relatively relative quiet and stability and looking at positive headlines and alliances growing and stock market records and GDP records and employment growing and new factories opening.


And we're not seeing that anymore. We're, we're in a totally different country that I quite frankly do not recognize at all. But that means that we need to double our efforts. That means we need to work that much harder. And so that's what we're gonna do here. Absolutely. I want to remind everybody, check out midas plus.com, that's our substack, where our editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski, who you know and love goes and cooks. Got some great daily recaps there. If we've missed anything, it's always in Ron's recap. He also did a great article showing you his top protest posters that were out there. That was awesome.


patreon.com/midas touch p patt r eeo n.com/midas touch where you get the secret zoom link we're gonna be posting soon in the next day or so. And we're gonna be hosting a meeting with Brett George and I. You could ask us any of the questions you have for us at this special Zoom meeting. Check that out. Store dot midas touch.com for the Midas touch gear and for all the Maple Midas out there, don't worry. We've made it manufacturing a hundred percent Canadian in Canada with a manufacturing facility out there. That was the most important thing for us to do. Store dot midas touch.com. Check that out as well.


I know lots of people have been said, where can I get the Midas touch stuff store dot midas touch.com. Really want to thank everybody for staying in the fight. The resistance grows, the opposition grows. We keep on fighting for the truth every single day. Hang in there. We're grateful for everything that you do. This movement is a people powered movement. This network is a people powered network and we're grateful for everything that you've done. So keep checking on our YouTube channel throughout the day for all of the updates. We start in the morning, we go into the night as another reminder. Make sure our audio listeners subscribe on YouTube, YouTube watchers, subscribe on audio.


Everybody leave a five star review on the audio podcast to stop these Rogan people from going in and giving one star reviews. If you like the show, give us a five star review as well. And other than that, we'll see you on the next updates throughout the evening and in the morning. Thank you everybody for continuing to make the Midas Touch Network the most viewed channel on all of YouTube, the Midas Touch podcast, the most downloaded podcast in America, in Canada, and many other countries. Thank you all so, so much. We're so grateful for you Jordy. Shout out to the Midas Can't get enough.


Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.