
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know If you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms@mintmobile.com.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and as AI powered tech scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com Cancel. Anytime terms apply,


Donald Trump's approval is sinking as Inflation is once again rising. The markets took a battering today as they were spooked over rising Inflation and Walmart put out a pretty bad financial report as well. Trump's approval is specifically tanking as well with black Americans, Hispanic Americans, young voters and voters overall. And as Inflation is once again on the rise, Donald Trump is trying to blame it on former President Biden, Donald Trump and his puppet master, or should I say co-president or whatever you want to call Elon Musk. I guess they're trying to call him in the White House, the tech guy. Now they went on Hannity and Donald Trump said it was Biden's fault.


Why? Inflation is back right now. And then Fox tried to supplement that with a Chiron saying, Donald Trump is bringing us out of the disaster here. Play this clip. Yeah, We inherited, yeah, and, and inflation is back. I'm only here for two and a half weeks. That was January. Inflation is back. Now think of it. Inflation's back and they said, oh, Trump infl. I had nothing to do with it. Oh, I, I had nothing to do with it. Actually, Donald Trump was the original cause of the Inflation that former President Biden fixed because Donald Trump added $8 trillion of debt. He completely mishandled, or I should even say not handled at all, COVID. And then Donald Trump said like a miracle, it was all going to go away.


In addition to saying that in inflation's backed, Donald Trump also spent the past few days threatening President Zelensky, threatening our NATO allies saying that he would not support any statements to go out by the G seven, which calls Russia the aggressor of Russia's unlawful invasion of Ukraine. But let's Play this clip of what Donald Trump said about Zelensky play the clip like A fiddle. He played him like a fiddle. That's an expression we use. Yes sir. To say that he's pretty easy, pretty easy, a dictator without elections, Zelensky better move fast, or he is not going to have a country left. Gotta move, gotta move fast. So as Donald Trump destroys our economy, destroy, destroys our alliances, tries to establish alliances with Russia by sending Secretary of State Marco Rubio to have direct negotiations with Russia and Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, cutting out Ukraine and Europe.


What Donald Trump wants to distract everybody with is that he says that he and Elon Musk are going to go searching for gold in Fort Knox. They're gonna start investigating If there's gold inside Fort Knox, everybody, they're gonna go into the mountains with their shovels. This is how they wanna rac re distract us. So ridiculous. Play this clip. I Doge. Do you know what they're looking at specifically at the Department of Defense right now? And They're looking at everything And are they gonna cut? And we're national. They're looking at, we're gonna go into Fort Knox to make sure the gold is there. Are they gonna cut? You know that we're gonna go into Fort Knox. Do you know about that, sir? That was a bad bump. Bump. Are they gonna eliminate more national security positions?


Civilians there? We'll see what happens. But one of the things we do wanna look, I mean we hope everything's fine with Fort Knox, but we're gonna go to Fort Knox, the Fable, Fort Ducks to make sure the gold is there. Where were the gold brought Up? If the gold isn't there, we're gonna be very upset. See, Donald Trump was asked, Hey, what is Doge doing? Because we hear they're cutting critical FAA jobs. We hear that Doge is cutting critical jobs that are protecting against the bird flu. They are cutting funds that are going to nine 11 first responders. They accidentally keep firing people like people who oversee our nuclear arsenal. And they are just firing what, 4,500 people in the forest services that work in our national parks and just gutting our government and people who work hard every day to keep us safe and to keep things running.


But Donald Trump goes, ah, I'm gonna find some gold. Did you hear about Fort Knox? Did you hear about Fort Knox? Because he thinks people are stupid. He thinks that he can distract you with that crap right there. When in fact the things that Trump and Doge are doing is taking away money from people like nine 11 first responders. Let's Play this clip. The nine 11 Health program, taking a heavy hit from the Department of Government efficiency. You know, the fund provides healthcare for thousands of first responders and civilians. Well, new staff reductions could put lives at risk. John Mueller has a closer look. More than 137,000 people are enrolled in the nine 11 Health program First responders.


And everyday New Yorkers exposed to the toxic dust battling health ailments and cancers. The program created to keep them alive is now the latest target of budget cuts under Elon Musk and Doge. It's repulsive. It's, it's it's reckless and it lacks Empathy. That was John feel a nine 11 survivor and advocate talking about how reckless and lacking in empathy it is. But before I bring Brett and Jordy, and let me just tell you all what the, what the plan is though, If you wanna even call it that. So part of the meeting between the United States and Russia was about trying to form an alliance between the US and Russia instead of the US' traditional role in NATO and leading the free world.


And then Marco Rubio says the quiet part out loud about how he's looking forward to prosperous economic relationships between the United States and Putin. That's what Marco Rubio announced from Saudi Arabia Play this clip a Diplomatic one is one we think we hope to move pretty quickly on because this involves the treatment of our respective missions. The second one will be difficult, which is the, the question of Ukraine and the end of that conflict. But I think that's essential in order for the third piece to even be possible, which is our ability to work together on other geopolitical matters of common interest. And of course some pretty unique potentially historic economic partnerships as well. The key that unlocks the door for those opportunities, however, is the end to this conflict.


Bring in my brothers Brett and Jordy. Did you ever think that you would see the day in your lifetime where a United States president would become a Russian boot liquor, send your Secretary of State to Saudi Arabia to kiss Russia's ass and to capitulate to Russia and threaten our NATO allies and engage in that reckless and dangerous and malicious behavior? No, the answer is no. It's, it is great to be here with you guys. First of all, what's going on brothers? What's going on? Everybody watching listening? No, I, I mean it's complete betrayal of American values and everything that we have ever stood for. I wanna be clear, and I'm not gonna sugarcoat it to folks out there right now.


America is no longer the good guy, right? And I'm not saying America was always the good guy at every point in history, but I'm saying right now that the United States can no longer be viewed in the world as a good guy. Our guiding star right now is no longer towards the good of the free world. We are now allied and this is horrifying. But we are now allied with Autocracies. We are now allied with dictatorships. We are now allied with Russia and our own government right now, including the way they are treating the press, including the various policies If you want to call 'em that, that they are implementing are all straight out of Russia or even Nazi Germany. I always wondered growing up, you know, how could somebody like a Hitler come to power in a democratic country?


I always wondered, how the hell is that possible? How could the people alongside him let that happen? And then you see videos like that of Marco Rubio and you see all these cowards who, who are subservient to Donald Trump and do everything that he asks and treat this like it is a game when there are people's lives on the line, when there are people's livelihoods on the line, people's health on the line, all the above. It is an absolute disgrace and an utter betrayal. And that's not even, that's before we even get to Doge, which I gotta say is probably the biggest scam in United States history right now. What they are doing, and we're gonna get into all the details, but it is all smoke and mirrors under the guise of cutting waste, fraud, and abuse.


And it is just fake. Like the whole thing is fake. It's all BS that's wrapped in these Russian talking points to act like, look, we're making things more efficient as they ruin people's lives, as they don't even cut a lot of money. You know, dojo's website get this, dosha has this new website up, right? It says that they've cut over I think $50 billion or, or something. NPR looked into it. They've actually cut under $2 billion total. They just make up the numbers and they inflate the numbers. That's three point, that's 0.003% of the federal budget last year that they've actually cut. And that's not even getting into what is Doge actually costing? What's the cost benefit analysis?


How much do lawsuits that go against what Doge is doing cost the United States and things like that? I'm willing to bet that Doge is costing the United States far more money than it's actually saving. 'cause it's not really saving money. And what it's going to do is it's going to cause devastation in this country. We're already seeing shaky markets, instability in the markets every single day. DAOs up, DAOs down 600, DAOs up a little DAOs down. We're seeing our allies freak out over these endless tariff wars that just make zero sense. And then we see Doge, mass firing federal workers, people who have worked in some cases of their whole lives in the federal government acting as civil servants, treating them like they're trash, treating them like they're garbage.


I'm talking veterans, I'm talking longtime civil servants. And what we're going to see in these economic reports as we these next few months develop is a mass loss of jobs, possibly a massive recession, if not a depression as the result of what they are doing. To put it simply, we're gonna see exactly what Elon Musk promised we would be seeing right before the election when he said that we would be experiencing pain. We're gonna break it all down in much more detail. First I gotta check in with Jordy. Jordy, what's up man? How you doing? Excited, excited for the show. A lot of ground to cover. But Brett, to your point, exactly when Elon says that, you know, Americans are just gonna feel a little bit of pain at first, just, just he, he's not talking about he Elon and the oligarchs.


Yeah, and the billionaires. He's not. He's talking about the Americans at large who aren't the top 1%, who quite frankly make up more than way more than the majority of the country. It's absolutely disgusting to see Elon Musk continue to do these just bizarro interviews with Donald Trump on Fox News acting as a def facto president. Make no mistake, Elon Musk is, is just as much the president as Donald Trump. And don't be gaslit by those around you or or corporate media into thinking that anything that you're seeing right now is normal. None of this is normal. And it's okay to feel that this isn't normal because quite frankly, and very directly it's not. So we're not gonna let anything slide here.


We have a lot of ground to cover. Benji, where do you wanna start? Wait, by the way, before Ben comes in, can I just say, do you remember the shit that MAGA Trump all these people gave to Tim Walls and Kamala Harris when they did their first joint interview together after like they selected, and by the way, Trump had done one with JD Vance. Where the hell is JD Vance by the way? Just talking. He just tweets and goes to CPAC and stuff. What, what? What is that guy doing? But anyway, they gave them so much crap for doing that one sit down interview, which is a tradition that all presidents have done in like modern history on tv. Meanwhile, Donald Trump as president is showing up on TV with Elon Musk. And when you watch these interviews, you're right, Jordy, Elon's the one who's in control and Hannity almost doesn't even take Trump seriously.


He like kind of shoos, you know, Trump while he's trying to speak let's Elon ramble right over him. At the end of the day, I think hu the, their hubris will be their downfall. And I think we're starting to see that actually very quickly. When you look at the polling, when you look at people taking to the streets that they are viewing that they have this mandate and no such mandate actually exists, and the people then they are fed up. They Treat people like they're stupid. I mean the question was what is Doge doing? And can you explain it Donald? Like let us know. And he's like, do you know about Fort Knox? We're searching for the gold. We're gonna find the gold for all Of you, right? Is he like Nicholas Cage and national treasure when it's happening?


And then just trying to distract and dangle May maybe you'll get Rich, I've got some snake oil may maybe we'll find some gold and you all get rich. One of the other scams that I see them talking about right now is with all the money we're gonna find from Doge, we're gonna give you rebates. You want money, we're trying to find you your money right now. Which Brett, to your point is they're using all of these fake numbers and fake data and then they're dangling over to people. You may get rich quick If you just let us do what we're going to do. And then they like publish things. Like this is one of the things that Doge published where they're like, we just saved you $8 billion from d and g support services, LLC.


Me and my brothers actually reached out to d and g support services, LLC, their government contract was for $8 million, not $8 billion. But then it looked like someone in the government systems then changed the number also from 8 million to 8 billion after they were caught. And they tried to change it and then they said, oh, there was just a mistake that was made in the system and it was everybody else's fault. And it keep repeating that over and over again. They say tens of millions of deceased people are getting social security. The lie spreads, it gets debunked, but it doesn't matter. Donald Trump just repeats the lie over and over again the same way he repeats that Hamas is getting condoms to make bombs from U-S-A-I-D, which is false even when you debunk it.


They keep on doing it over and over again because they know that they've got their supporters trapped in this kind of right wing disinformation echo chamber. But I wanna bring it back though to the facts. I wanna have the receipts. I'll use Donald Trump's own words here for what I'm about to show you. The first clip I wanna show you is Donald Trump saying as it relates to Russia's unlawful invasion in Ukraine, although Trump never used those words, that Trump would end the war in 24 hours. I'll just show you two quick clips right here. It's back to back your plate. It End the war in Ukraine in 24 hours. Yes I do. How would you do that? I know Zelinsky very well.


I'll end that war between those two countries in 24 hours. It won't even take that long. It won't even take that long. Well, here we are. And your plan is to what? Extort Zelensky. That's kind of what he was doing right in the first Trump administration. Now definitely more overtly as he threatens Zelensky and said, you better act quick, you better watch out you, he's a dictator. And Donald Trump was posting all on social media referring to Zelinsky as a dictator, saying that he's just, some has been comic who stole from the United States, and he's parroting Putin's talking points.


How Zelinsky needs to hold elections right away Trump's lying and saying, Zelinsky has a 4% approval rating. Zelinsky approval rating is above 50%. And I think the approval rating is going to rise as I think Zelinsky has been standing up to Donald Trump and to Marco Rubio and the bullying and the intimidation. Ukraine is rallying as well. Let me show you this other clip as well. And here Donald Trump says that immediately prices are going to go down. This is what Trump said during the campaign. Let's Play this clip as well. So When I went, I will immediately bring prices down, starting on day one. We will end Kamala's war on American energy and we will drill, baby drill.


We're gonna drill Well. The prices were going down under former President Biden, it was anticipated that we would've hit 2% Inflation. We were actually leading the world in Inflation reduction. We were also leading the world in energy production. We were drill baby drilling, but also we were focused on climate change and our environment and we were energy independent at the same time. You don't wanna believe me. Why don't I show you a Rupert Murdoch property right here? The Wall Street Journal said that the US economy was the envy of the world. US economy expected to keep powering higher. Economists lift their growth forecast in the latest Wall Street Journal survey.


That was April 14th, 2024. And the economy finished stronger, referred to as a Goldilocks economy during the handoff from Biden to Donald Trump. And Trump immediately then started to gut and destroy the economy with tariff threats, reckless and malicious behavior. But Brett and Jordy, who could have warned us of this, who, who could have told us about this perhaps in 2016. Was it Hillary Clinton? Let's play that clip. Wait, from everything I see has no respect for this person. Well that's because he'd rather have a puppet as president, if not the states puppet.


No puppet. And it's pretty clear you're the puppet. It's pretty clear you won't admit no, you are puppet, that the Russians have engaged in cyber attacks against the United States of America, that you encouraged espionage against our people. That you are willing to spout the Putin line, sign up for his wishlist, break up nato, do whatever he wants to do, and that you continue to get help from him because he has a very clear favorite in this race. Or how about former vice President Kamala Harrison? When you watch the split screens of these debates, it is eerie how both of these powerful women who were so much more qualified and would've been incredible leaders, and we would never be in this mess.


We're speaking to the American people in logic in full sentences. They were warning us and they were telling us what was going down. But of course, America was not going to go there in both cases because, well, I'm sure you know why Play this clip of Putin would be sitting in Kyiv with his eyes on the rest of Europe, starting with Poland. And why don't you tell the 800,000 Polish Americans right here in Pennsylvania how quickly you would give up for the sake of favor and what you think is a friendship with what is known to be a dictator who would eat you for lunch. He is eating Donald Trump for lunch right now during that event that whatever you want to call it in Saudi Arabia where they cut out Ukraine and Europe, Russian propaganda was through the roof with Russia's foreign minister, Serge Lavrov.


You had Dmitri MedEd, Russia's former leader saying, If you would've told me that a United States president would be saying these things about Ukraine, I would've been laughing in your face. But Brett, we see right here just complete utter weakness. Putin's eating trump's you. You know what and what do you make of it? Yeah. And you know what? I think Zelensky Eden as you know what as well right now, I i I think he's, you know, know, kind of getting it from both sides. I think Donald Trump is really working from a place of extreme weakness right now. I think he's incredibly cowardly. You know, there was a, a meeting that was scheduled this morning between Kellogg or the US envoy to Ukraine and President Zelensky.


And so that happened without a hitch. We've seen clips of them meeting each other look friendly. And by the way, Kellogg is like probably the most pro Ukraine guy on this entire, in this entire Trump administration. Like he's actually a good person for that job, but because he is actually a good person for that job, Donald Trump despises him. And we've been speaking about this for weeks now on before Donald Trump was even like after he was elected, but before he even was inaugurated, we were speaking about Kellogg and we were saying he's gonna be the first to go, like this guy is gonna be early out because this is not gonna work with Donald Trump. And we're already seeing tension right now. 'cause as Donald Trump sends his people to Saudi Arabia to suck up to Vladimir Putin, he's, he basically sidelined Kellogg and Zelensky this morning after their meeting, he actually canceled the plan to joint press conference because he did not want them to speak to the press about what they were talking about.


Why? Well, I think first off, he's a little nervous about what Kellogg is going to say. Pros, probably good things about Zelensky. They definitely, the press would definitely ask him if he agrees with Donald Trump's comments about if Zelensky is a dictator. And he would certainly say no, would be what I, what I would think or make clear that he does not believe that. And I'm sure he is also afraid of what Zelensky is gonna say. Cowardly, cowardly co this administration is the most cowardly administration imaginable, and we need to continue to call them out and expose all these moves and how scared they actually are of the American people of the press of you. And They're absolutely humiliating. Like it, it is gross to me that I have to be adjacent to a Donald Trump as a fellow American.


That this is the person that's supposed to be representing, you know, my interest and my, you know, wellbeing and the health of all Americans because it couldn't be further from the truth. Trump is a fool and this plays out time and time and time again. He takes the bait every single time and looks like a complete lunatic on the global stage. Not just here in America, but but globally across the world. I mean, it is utter buffoonery. What we're seeing play out right now, quite frankly, it's embarrassing and disappointing, but what, what, what did we expect, you know, other, other than this chaos? Look, you've got the White House posting things like this. Congestion pricing is dead Manhattan and all of New York is saved long live the King President Donald J. Trump, and it's a fake time magazine cover with Donald Trump wearing a crown and it says Long live the King Trump.


Then Donald Trump was repeatedly posting Long Live the King 'cause he tried to interfere with New York's congestion pricing plan, which New York just said, okay, we're gonna keep our own plan that's actually helping New York City. You can't interfere with this. You can't retract a deal that's already taken place. But Donald Trump posting that he is a king also. Donald Trump further attacking Canada all day as well, saying that he invited Prime Minister Trudeau to the governor's meeting 'cause he views Trudeau as a governor of an American territory. But as Donald Trump does all of this, I mean the, again, Brett, to your point and Jordy the level of weakness that this shows, he is positioning himself not from any power of strength.


I mean, he looks weak, he looks desperate, and everything he's done so far has only been causing harm and damage to the United States of America. But he wants to distract you with all of these different stunts. We've got a lot to discuss on this episode. For all of our new viewers and listeners here, welcome to the Midas Touch podcast. And it is, I should just acknowledge the news you probably all heard, which is that yes, the Midas Touch Podcast is beating the Joe Rogan experience in downloads for the month. But to me, what that means, while it's great to beat Rogan, yes, it's important that we get the facts out, that we get the truth out, and that this pro-democracy, prolo pro empathy, prot truth and facts movement is growing.


And to me, that's what that data most reflect. And this is a shared accomplishment. And give a shout out to all the OG Midas Mighty who were with us from day one. A shout out with the mod to the Mods who keep things here civil and a shout out to all of you, the Midas mighty. We know all of the hard work that you put in as well. Again, we have a lot of show after this show ends. We're going to be holding our Patreon Zoom meeting at patreon.com/midas touch. If you wanted to meet me, Brett and Jordy, go to patreon.com/midas touch and we have the secret link there. Again, we have a lot to discuss on this show.


Let's take our first quick break.


Mornings are non-negotiable for me when it comes to coffee. Listen, you know, I'm the resident coffee geek here at Midas, and I take my coffee very seriously. It's the first thing I reach for. And let's be honest, if the coffee isn't great, my whole day feels off. That's why I leveled up my coffee game with trade. They're the number one specialty coffee marketplace in the United States. Trade partners with over 50 of the best roasters in the country, curating over 450 unique roasts. So you could get freshly roasted coffee delivered straight to your door. And when I say fresh, I mean roasted to order. You could literally smell the difference the moment you open the bag. I recently got a Nicaraguan roast from Drink Coffee, do stuff. They're a roaster out of Lake Tahoe. It had notes of walnut and lemon citrus and it was amazing. The best part. Trades Coffee is priced like grocery store brands, but the quality is next level. And I never have to worry about running out because it gets delivered straight to my door. I could honestly say that Trade Coffee has changed my life for the better. Not sure what to try while trades Coffee Quiz matches you with your perfect roast in under a minute. And if your first bag isn't quite right, they'll replace it for free until they nail it. Right now trade is exclusively offering our listeners 40% off your first order@drinktrade.com slash midas. That's drink trade TRAD e.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for 40% off your first order. Drink trade.com/midas because life is too short for bad coffee.


The older I get, the more I find myself wanting to be more intentional about the way I live, eat, and take care of my body. That's why I'm so happy. I found Mosh Mosh, which you may have heard about on Shark Tank, was founded by Maria Shriver and her son Patrick Schwartzenegger, with a simple mission to create a conversation about brain health through food education and research. Maria's father suffered from Alzheimer's, and since then she and Patrick have dedicated themselves to finding ways to help other families dealing with this debilitating disease. Mosh joined forces with the world's top scientist and functional nutritionist to go beyond your average protein bar with eight delicious flavors, including a plant-based one in peanut butter and chocolate. Each mosh bar is made with ingredients that support brain health. Like Ashwagandha Lion made collagen and omega threes and now Mosh bars come with a new look and new formulation featuring a game changing brain boosting ingredient that you won't find in any other bar. Mosh is now the first and only food brand boosted with Cognizant, a premium nootropic that supplies the brain with a patent form of C choline. But here's the best part to make you feel good. Mosh donates a portion of all proceeds from your order to fund gender-based brain health research through the women's Alzheimer's movement. Why gender-based? Because two-thirds of all Alzheimer's patients are women. Mosh is working closely to close the gap between women and men's health research. Personally, I love the taste of my mosh bars. My favorite is the peanut butter crunch, which I have each morning before I head off to the gym. Now, If you wanna find ways to give back to others and fuel your body and your brain, mosh bars are the perfect choice for you, head to mosh life.com/midas to save 20% off, plus free shipping on the bestseller trial pack. That's 20% off. Plus free shipping on the best sellers trial pack at M os HLIF e.com/midas. Thank you Mosh for sponsoring this episode.


Let's go. Shout out to our sponsors Trade Coffee. Amazing, mosh amazing in description of audio and YouTube. Use the links, use the codes, let them know we sent you. If there's an exit survey, let them know the Midas touch brother sent you would really appreciate that. And Benji, where to next? I just think it's important that we try to keep things simple. You have ever heard of kiss? Keep it simple, stupid, right? Sometimes you just gotta remind people, Donald Trump made these promises, right? He promised prices were going to go down on day one. He promised housing was gonna be more affordable on day one, he promised there were gonna be so many jobs on day one, you weren't gonna even know what to do with all of these jobs.


He promised that there would be peace in Ukraine in 24 hours, even before he took office, he said there would be a deal 'cause he's that good of a deal maker. That wasn't hyperbole. We shouldn't try to extrapolate, oh, he really meant this. No, he's a liar. Period. Full stop. So you just can't get distracted by the whack-a-mole of all of the things that they try to say and do they use U-S-A-I-D the way Q anon uses Q drops, right? Where they try to distract you and get you focused on all of these things that are almost all false to get you to chase that so that you're distracted from the fact that they're breaking their promises, that they're hurting the economy, that they're hurting our alliances.


And then like the abusive mentality that they are, the abusive mentality they have, they then try to make you more promises and lies on top of it. Oh, we're gonna search for docs, we're gonna find all of this great gold for you. Or oh, maybe we're gonna give you these rebates. When Doge finds all of this money, it's all part of the Ponzi scheme scam. And a Ponzi scheme is you keep on lying and you stack lies on lies until basically you run out of time, Brett. And then the lies catch up and then boom, it implodes. And that's the direction we're heading in. I just want everybody to reflect on these lies. Can I just give one example Brett, then jump in? Yeah, yeah. Which is they go back and they'll say, even though it's been debunked, Hamas is not getting condoms, it's false by U-S-A-I-D, that that didn't happen.


It doesn't matter though. They'll, they'll just go and say it again like a hundred percent false. But Trump will say it is a hundred million, 50 million, 50 million, a hundred million. And, and the numbers don't even matter. They just, they just make up numbers. 3 trillion, 5 trillion, 8 trillion, a hundred billion a aji. But also because they are so rich that the, that the numbers don't matter to all that matters is that they're manipulating their sheeple here, Play this clip Money. And in another program, $50 million plus another $50 million for condoms for Hamas. You know about that? A hundred million dollars for condoms. Condoms. Does everybody know what a condom is for Hamas?


A hundred million dollars. And these are just some, I could read this list all day long. I just don't wanna bore You, Brett. There's a concept that's frequently talked about on the right that comes from gaming culture and you see a lot of MAGA people speaking about NPCs, right? Non-player characters is what that stands for. And NPC is basically, you know, like you're, you're not, you're not the main character, right? You're just like a, a sheep. Ultimately they try to use that to describe anybody who doesn't like Donald Trump when they themselves are the NPCs. Like they are the ultimate sheep. They are the ultimate NPCs. And I'm not gonna sugarcoat it, but every time that Donald Trump speaks and shovels this bullshit, they open their mouth and they eat it all the time and regurgitate it.


And it's frankly embarrassing. It's horrible for the country. But you see, Trump could say anything, 50 million condoms, whatever. And they will repeat in unison 50 million condoms in Gaza. And this is about everything. It's the same thing with everything. One of the things that I've noticed that people will often say, 'cause you know, we've been putting out a lot of content all over the place, shout out to everyone who's following us on Instagram and TikTok and all and all the other, you know, places as well. But I notice whenever I do stories there about Doge, people are like, oh, another person who doesn't want the government to find waste, fraud, and abuse. What are you afraid of? Huh? You're afraid you're, you're upset that they're finding all this fraud and abuse. Gimme one example, gimme one exa one example of fraud and it not things that you don't like that the government spends money on, but gimme one example of actual fraud because so far, literally every single thing that Elon Musk has spread on his propaganda platform has been fake, has been a hundred percent fake.


But the NPCs and MAGA just repeated ad nauseum every single time. And they say the same lines to me. It's like, it's like they're reading from a script and maybe a lot of them are Russian bots, I don't know, but I think a lot of them are just sheep. I think a lot of them are just MAGA NPCs who just regurgitate whatever Elon Musk and Donald Trump say and they just spout it back to you. And it's, it's frankly embarrassing. We, we see this now across every lever of government. And there are issues there. There are literally organ agencies in the government that are designed to identify waste, fraud, and abuse. Inspectors general are also there to identify waste, fraud and abuse. Guess what Dojo's first move was to try to get rid of them or to get rid of them.


That's not what you do if you're actually targeting waste, fraud and abuse. The entire thing is a scam. The people are getting scammed on this and people need to really wake up and stop buying the bullshit that billionaires are shoveling their way. By the way, you think you're gonna see any of that money? I'm telling you, you're not. You know what you're gonna see, you're gonna see they right now are trying to, this whole Doge concept right now is just so they could try to justify when they give their four and a half trillion dollars in tax cuts to billionaires, they're gonna say, but look, we saved all this money. So now we're giving these big tax cuts when the numbers that they're saying they saved our fake and the actual addition to the deficit to the national debt is going to be astronomical.


They say they care about the national debt, the economy Inflation, they're making it all worse. And we are right now on a very terrifying trajectory for our economy and for the country as a whole with these people in charge. 1000% Brett, 1000%. And I would, I just wanna go back to your point about these, these, these MAGA and PCs, right? How you're talking about how they're all must be reading from the same script. Well, in many cases they are, right? Because where are they getting their news from? All of the same sources, right? They live on Elon's X, formerly Twitter, they eat that stuff up daily. Everything that, that algorithm continues to push the algorithm controlled by the owner, Elon Musk, right?


And then if they're not on, say, say, say you're not on X or, or or social media outlet, then where are you? Well, If you're a right wing maga, you're probably on Fox News digesting those same talking points which lend themselves as a, you know, if we're doing concentric circles here, a ma a magnificent overlap of what you see on Fox to what you see on the talking points being pushed out on social media. And that's why it feels like a regurgitation of a script that we see from these NPC mags. It's because day in and day out they are getting hammered with these talking points. And they only know that to be true because they don't care to do any other, you know, sort of thinking outside of that. I don't blame them necessarily because you have to understand this is a billions, trillions of dollar operation to just propagandize these people.


It's hard to pull them out of the bubble. I understand once you're sucked into it, how quickly you could go down a rabbit hole and truly understand, or at least think you understand that what you're watching is the truth. It's a scary thing. But here's the thing. This re this Republican party, this MAGA Republican party that we see in 2025, they're not the party for the average American Uhuh. No they're not no cret. They are the party of oligarchs and billionaires and, and the ultra 1%, they are not the party, this MAGA Republican party in 2025. They are not the party for the working class. And we have to continue to hammer that point home day in and day out, Ben. And they're lose, they're losers. Let me just say, sorry, you go Ben.


I was just gonna say that many of the inspectors general were actually people who were brought in by Trump, that former President Biden kept on. 'cause that's what the rules and norms usually call for. And again, Brett, as you said, those were the people who detected the tens of billions or hundreds of billions of dollars in fraud. There's a transparent process. They prepare reports, they actually show up in front of Congress and they work with members of Congress. They don't try to hide behind executive privilege and they're transparent. The thing about Elon Musk, I want you to all know, and you may be confused, like why is it a big deal, guys, that Elon Musk is saying that he has all of these different positions.


And on the one hand they say that he's the administrator of Doge or a special advisor. Why are they doing that? Well, what they want to try to do is make him immune from oversight. They don't want him to be called into Congress. They don't want him to have to respond to FOIA request, freedom of Information Act request. So when they call him, and you see right here, for those who are listening on audio, our viewers can see it. It was him, Elon Musk running around at CPAC today with a chainsaw. They don't want this guy in front of Congress. So why they say he's a special advisor to Donald Trump and not the administrator of Doge, even though they said he is the administrator of Doge, is to claim that all of his information is protected by the Presidential Records Act, executive privilege and other immunities.


So he doesn't have to testify, he doesn't have to actually make his numbers public. He doesn't have to justify his numbers so he can just post different things on his social media platform. You know, and like one of the things that he posted on his social media platform, I'll just give you an example of today where the commander of the International Space Station called out Musk for lying about the plans to bring those astronauts who have been in space home. So Andreas Mogenson, who's the ISS Commander International Space Station, you know, by the way, responding to one of the people at Midas Touch who was playing a clip where Elon Musk said that Biden left these astronauts in space for political reasons.


The commander of ISS says that's a lie. And from someone who complains about lack of honesty from the mainstream media. So I, I wanna just give you a trigger warning 'cause Elon Musk uses the R word, but then Elon Musk and I, I wanna say it because I wanna educate you on what's being said. Elon Musk then goes to the commander of the International Space Station, you are fully retarded. And then he goes on to attack him more. And then he says, return was for political reasons, idiot. To which the commander of ISS says, Elon, I have long admired you in what you have accomplished, especially at Spade a SpaceX and Tesla, you know, as well as I do that. But that Butch and Sonny are returning with Crew nine as has been the plan since last September.


Even now you are not sending up a rescue ship to bring them home. They are returning on the Dragon capsule that has been on the International Space Station since last September. And then Elon Musk makes a post about, oh, him wanting to abolish the International Space Station after that, after getting into a fight simply because the commander was being respectful and said, what you're saying is not the truth. One other point I'll say as well, that press conference I was showing you with Donald Trump, where a lot of those clips were coming from, and, and this is Brett to your point, like I call him the Sheep Bull or NPCs, what, whatever, like Trump is giving this press conference from a Saudi Arabian financial event that he's hosting at like his resorts.


So Saudi first, he's got the negotiations in Riyadh with Russia first cutting out our NATO allies. And at this event, again, while Inflation is rising, while our economy is now struggling once again after former President Biden got it back on track after the damage caused in the first Trump administration, objectively Donald Trump is at a Saudi event at a resort bragging about how rich he is and how great his properties are with the United States Presidential seal behind him. Here, let's Play this clip. I've actually built a lot of great buildings with the desert family and some others.


We've had tremendous success in Miami. We have Trump Towers and Sunny Isles Beach. It's four beautiful buildings right on the ocean. The Trump Grande, put the little E in the N for a little class it up a little bit. Trump grande and the 700 acre Doral. That's a tremendous country club in the, it's actually the most successful country club in the US where I was just given approval to build 1500 units and I couldn't care less about building units. When you're president, who the hell wants to build units? I've been building units all my life. I don't wanna build units, but they gave us permission to do it.


Well, you're talking about building units there. That's how you're using your time and you are screwing over Americans. By the way, Brett, you showed that clip before of the, the video that she played of Elon Muskis running around with the chainsaw, and I believe it was the leader of Argentina, Javier Malay. Yeah, that's Javier Malay right there, who's embroiled in his own crypto scam in Argentina. Now people are calling for him to be impeached. There's formal charges that are like being brought against him in Argentina for telling people to buy the Libra crypto, which turned out to be a massive rug pull causing people to lose lots of money.


And it was actually the same person who was involved in the Melania dollar sign, Melania coin as well. And so for Donald Trump to say, I don't really care about these things. Well, you're selling like your own meme coins and you're doing deals. This, this whole event you were doing in Riyadh was a business event. Met with the presidential seal behind you, Brett. It's a entire movement. And I'm speaking even beyond Mag. I'm speaking, there's an entire international movement of grifters and con artists who are taking over these countries. Malay is just another example of that with his coin, which was a total rug pool. And now he may actually be charged over it. And you see what they do is they take advantage of the most needy people you take.


They take advantage of the most desperate people who ironically are often their followers. And so we, we see that play out in All of these areas that they promised these desperate people, these things, these people just taking the information and they regurgitated as we've been saying through these episodes. And we just have to understand the war is far greater than even politics. It, it crosses borders. And what we're facing right now is it's truly an information war. Right now what we are facing, and we are up against a ton of money, we're up against a ton of garbage billionaires who control algorithms on various social media apps. Basically state run TV in many respects. And so that's why it's really genuinely more important than ever that we continue to ban together, push back with the truth, push back with pro-democracy media and call out the BS every step of the way.


Because what they've learned, and this is why they say the condom thing and why the numbers change and always go up, is not only is lying an effective strategy for them, but the bigger and the crazier and the more absurd the lie, the more likely their NPC people are going to repeat that lie. They've learned that it's a loyalty test and the people are happy to do their bidding. And so what do we gotta do? Well, we gotta counter it. We need to call it out and we need a full on opposition every single day to inform the American people. And I wanna let you know also because I'm sure a lot of you folks spend a lot of time on social media, and I'm sure plenty of you spend time on Twitter. I know a lot of you don't know a lot of you quit.


But to the people that do, you get a very skewed sense of the world on those apps because they're, the algorithms are controlled by people who want to feed you a certain message. That's not necessarily the message of the public, which is why I actually like seeing what these polls say about what people are feeling because it reveals a simple fact that there is far more of us than there are of them. That was true before the election. It is true now. They are trying to pretend like they have this mandate, this massive majority bs. It is garbage. We have the energy, we have the momentum. We need to be hammering these messages home every single minute, every single hour, every single day. I think that's why the story broke through about the Midas Touch Podcast beating Rogan in the ratings.


Yeah, because it shows that people want to hear the truth and it shows that there's hope out there to get out this information. When I speak to people, when I see people in the chat, when I see people out and about, they say, Ben, just tell me where I gotta show up. I'm, I'm ready to take to the streets and peacefully protest. You just tell me where and when. And we're seeing the protests start to grow organically. We cover them here on the Midas Touch Network. Unlike corporate media, which tends to suppress these, you're seeing a huge rally, tens of thousands of people over this past week in New York and people took to the streets across the country.


And one of the things that we're gonna do here as we build this network and we get to 5 million and 10 million people subscribed, and then we keep connecting our Subscribe Meidas internationally standing in solidarity with peace-loving, pro-democracy people in Canada and Mexico and Europe and Australia and New Zealand and South America and Africa, and across the globe, we're gonna have to band together to stop these forces of disinformation. That is one of our priorities. And we're going to be helpful in that process, especially as I think, and I expect there to be a democracy spring, A democracy summer, where our voices will be heard in a massively historic way as people are mobilized and activated.


We still have a lot to discuss. I wanna remind everybody, If you wanna meet Brett Jordy and myself, patreon.com/midas touch, there's a secret link there where we will have our zoom meeting as soon as this episode ends. Give us a few minutes to sign on. 'cause sometimes it takes a little few, a few minutes, but then we'll start, ask us any questions that you want. You could ask particularly tough questions to Jordy If you want as well. Let's do it. Remind everybody, subscribe on both the audio podcast and the YouTube. So audio listeners, YouTube, YouTube, YouTube watchers, subscribe on audio. We'll be right back after our last quick break.


I want tell you about one of my favorite brands in the entire health and wellness world. Qualia, I have never felt better lately. And a big part of that is because of the quality of products I've been using regularly. Quality of science team is tackling some of the biggest challenges in health and wellness. From optimizing mental performance to supporting longevity. They're meticulously crafted formulas, blend complimentary ingredients into simple once a day supplements that make it easy to support complex health needs. One of my absolute favorites is the quality of lytic. It's a game changer. It helps the body naturally eliminate senescent cells. Those are the zombie cells that build up as we age and contribute to things like aches, slow recovery, and that's sluggish middle age feeling. I feel more energized, my workouts have improved and I just move better. The benefits have just been absolutely incredible in my daily life. Take a look at Quality's truly inspired health formulas. Go to quality of life.com/midas and use code Midas, that's M-E-I-D-S at checkout for up to 15% off your purchase. That's Q-U-A-L-I-A life.com/m EIDS for 15% off. Thank you Callia for sponsoring this episode.


Are you looking for something simple and delicious to add to your wellness routine? I used to rely on regular honey for my breakfast tea and even salad dressings, but then I found Manukora. And let me tell you, it puts all other honey to shame. Manukora Honey is rich, creamy, and the most delicious honey I've ever had. The best part, it's ethically produced by master beekeepers in the remote forests of New Zealand. These bees collect nectar from the Manuka tea tree, which is packed with bioactives, giving Manukora three times more antioxidants and prebiotics than your average honey. Each morning I start my day with a heaped teaspoon of Manukora, letting the creamy texture melt in my mouth and coat in my throat. And it's not just a tree. It's packed with powerful nutrients to support my immunity and gut health. And here's something that sets Manukora apart. It contains a special antibacterial compound called MGO, which comes from the Manuka Tea Tree. Manukora tests every harvest for MGO, and you can see the results yourself through their QR system. It's a honey with superpowers, whether you're adding it to your food or enjoying it straight off the spoon. It's a game changer. Now, it's easier than ever to try Manukora Honey. Just head to manacor.com/midas, that's M-E-I-D-A-S to get $25 off the starter kit, which includes an MGO eight 50 plus Manuka honey jar, five honey travel sticks, a wooden spoon and a guidebook. That's Manukora dot com slash midas for $25 off your starter kit. Start your mornings with manacor. You'll never go back to Ordinary Honey.


Let's go Quaia Manukora, two of my favorite sponsors on the network. If, If you guys got any of those products, Manukora or quaia, put it in the chat comments right now. I'm real curious. Let everyone know what you think, honest opinions 'cause I, I frankly love them. Links in description of audio and YouTube. Use the links, use the codes. Excited for the rest of the show. For any new listeners, just wanna say thank you for tuning in. Excited about that. This is an egoless movement, you know what I mean? Like we at the Midas Touch Network, it's not about us, The brothers, Ben Brett, or Jordy who you know may have founded it. We're the vehicle to get out the, the pro-democracy voice in the ideals. We always say it's this community, the Midas mighty community that that makes us, you know, wanna get up every single day and get the truth out there. And it's up to y'all to continue to run with the receipts that we bring to these podcasts to show your circle.


So I just wanted to thank you for tuning in and we're gonna keep this thing going. Benji, we're too. And look, we have a lot of other voices on the network as well. You know, we have people like renowned former prosecutor, Karen Friedman Magnio, who's on the front lines of handling some of the biggest cases in the country as we speak. We've got great hosts like Michael Poppa and I can go on and list all of our hosts, but you should check out the list. Also, you know, on our website, I mean, these are experts who have got the facts. They're former federal prosecutors, you know, former politicians, people in the weeds who deliver the information with a level of expertise. So we try to give you that perspective as well.


I Should say also, if people wanna get really into the weeds on the legal, we got a great legal show where Ben likes the nerd out on the legal with our incredible legal experts like Karen and Michael Poppa and Dina Dahl. You could check out the Legal AF podcast as well on Apple and Spotify and goes live on YouTube. Check it out. I'm sure you guys will really love that show as well. You know, could you imagine what that testimony of Elon Musk would look like before the Doge subcommittee? I just want everybody to think about this concept though, that every time the Democrats try to subpoena Elon Musk, it gets blocked by the Republicans in the House of Representatives. They won't even allow debate to take place to subpoena Elon Musk, to have him show up at his own quote unquote subcommittee that's being led by Marjorie Taylor Greene called the Doze Subcommittee.


How do you not appear before your own subcommittee, right? Like the FBI director has to show up, right? Like the Attorney General has to show up, right? The chairman of the joint Chiefs of staff has to show up and testify before Congress. You're, it's called a public servant. And you're doing public service because you have to be accountable. Being accountable doesn't mean spreading disinformation on social media and then saying, oh, there, and then calling people the R word and picking fights with people and having baby mamas appear and then attack you on social media, and then you block your baby mamas with 13 babies like Musk or whatever.


Like, like, that's not what being a public servant is about. It's about serving the people. So you should want to testify and justify it and let the Congress or the Congressional members ask you questions. This is Elon Musk a little bit earlier today at cpac. I, I truly can't understand what he's even really, it's kind of just gibberish here, Play this clip. If you gotta protect the First Amendment, it's not much more important than that. Yeah. I mean, I, I got a lot of CRI criticism and PE said, well, that, that proves he is a huge idiot from a, you know, like, look, you know, you voted for whatever, $44 billion and now it's worth like 8 cents and It's not worth 8 cents.


But, but you know, there's the but but the, yeah, it, it wa it was essentially to, to, you know, yeah. Buy freedom of expression. So I just want you to remember, you can go back earlier to the episode where I showed you the clip of Donald Trump when he was asked about Doge, and he was like, Ooh, did you feel that bump? Ooh. Oh, do, do you wanna search for some gold in the mountains? And Fort Knox? And the people were asking him questions like, but are you firing FAA officials because there's been nine plane crashes already while you've been golfing in Mar-a-Lago, seemingly every single day. Like, what, what are you doing with FAA officials?


What are you doing with the people who work at our natural or national parks? What are you doing with Department of Labor? What are you doing with the crisis hotline? You know, that is so necessary for our veterans? What are you doing with nine 11 responders? And they're just there giving a bunch of gibberish because they know what they're doing is wrong. Otherwise, they would go in front of Congress and they would talk about it, and they would do actual transparent reports and not this crap that we're seeing. And one of the things I've noticed that they've been doing as well, the same way MAGA Republicans have tried to normalize school shootings, and they, they, you know, they're like, it's just part of go, it's just part of living. You have to have school shootings. No, it's uniquely an American thing.


Based on the warped interpretation of the Second Amendment by our far right wing, Supreme Court and Republicans, 70% of Americans, 75% of Americans want common sense gun reform. It's because these magar Republicans are in the pocket of gun companies. And also, I think just death. I think they're in the pocket of, it seems that everything they want to do is somehow, you know, they can have all the money in the world. It just seems like sometimes they just want people to suffer too, in addition to being in the pocket of the gun line. They just want to see suffering. 'cause I think a lot of These people Are just sick people. But anyway, the point I'm making is the same way they've normalized, you know, weapons of war proliferating and school shootings.


They're trying to now normalize plane crashes, and they're like, yeah, the air airplanes crash. That is what happens. They more happened under Biden, which is false also. Donald Trump's been in office now for just about 30 days too. And there was never a commercial plane crash while former President Biden was running the country here, but Play this clip of Duffy. But again, air crashes happen, but there were more under Biden than than Donald Trump. But the point here is we wanna get to a place where we have zero crashes. We don't want people to die in aircraft. Which is why what I've done is focus on how do you upgrade the system. But will you look at what's happened? The, the airspace around DCA that was allowed to stay open under the last administration, the inspections that were done of the aircraft that have crashed, that was done under the last administration.


So it is rich that they would come at this administration for the mistakes that they've made and blame us for the crashes. We're gonna fix what they refuse to fix over their, the course of their four years. And, and that's the mission of this, this department. Do you sense the pattern here? Because when they were not in power at the executive branch level, every day, they blamed everything on Biden. As Biden tried to fix the dumpster fire caused by Trump being the arsonist who imploded our economy. Now, If you just want to know the facts and the data, Donald Trump objectively added $8 trillion in debt.


Donald Trump printed money recklessly, surprise, surprise, ran up the debt, and then screwed up our supply chains. He was not prepared for Covid. He said like a miracle. It was all gonna go away. And then Biden had to fix it. It took time to fix. And every time Biden tried to fix it, despite all of the media saying that there was a, remember the Bloomberg headline, 100% chance of recession, Biden got a, a soft landing. And then America's GDP surge, we led the world in GDP growth. We were beating China in GDP growth, 16.4 million jobs created 40,000 infrastructures.


The CHIPS Act brought the semiconductor industry here to the United States, bringing more jobs. The Inflation Reduction Act, the American Recovery Act. President Biden was not attacking veterans the way Trump is. Instead, president Biden had the PACT Act, which increased services to veterans. Former President Biden did not try to gut Medicaid and Medicare, quite the contrary. He tried to make, and he did make prescription drug prices more affordable. He capped prescription drug prices every day, was just fighting for how you help people and use the government to give people things, not use the government to bludgeon and hurt people.


But now that the Trump administration's in power, and they made all of these promises and right away they're causing devastation with our economy. They blame everything on Biden, Biden, Biden. There was not crashes every day taking place under Biden. We were headed for 2% Inflation under Biden, which is right around where you want interest rates would've dropped even lower. And now interest rates are not dropping because Inflation is back up. And now the American people believe that inflation's gonna rise three and a half, four, 4.2%, or even higher. Americans have a very dim view of the economy. Americans are now spending less because they're hoarding money, believing, I think rightfully so, that America's economy is now on a crash course with Donald Trump's reckless behavior.


And one of the patterns here we see over and over again is Trump is firing the smart, qualified people. And he's bringing in the worst of the worst corrupt and stupid people. Case in point, Pete Heif, the Secretary of Defense, is a former Fox News host. He's not qualified to be the Secretary of Defense, former President Biden. We had a guy named Lloyd Austin, four Star General, who is our Secretary of Defense who respected our military. Now we have Pete Heif out there who talks about conquering Gaza, sending the United States military into Gaza in all of these countries. And now the, what we learned today, courtesy of NBC breaking the story, is that Pete Hegseth, again, a Fox News host, with the history of alcohol and sexual assault allegations and never ran something, is considering firing a slate of military generals as early as this week, including the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of staff who got overwhelming support from the Senate, CQ Brown.


And I'll show you this video right here just so you can see it. Just take a look. You'll see CQ Brown sitting behind Chairman of the joint Chief Staff Pete. He heif. And this was from about a few weeks back, or two weeks ago. It seems like an eternity ago though. This is when they were talking about occupying Gaza, which followed them, occupying Canada and Panama and Columbia and other countries. This was the, the Gaza Occupation Day. But watch behind Pete Heif here, Play this clip. Mr. Secretary have a plan to send troops to Gaza. Are you working on options for the President right now? That would involve US troops in Gaza. The president in is involved in very complex and high level negotiations of great consequence to both the United States and the state of Israel.


And we look forward to working with our allies, our counterparts, both diplomatically and militarily. Do you see the chairman of the joint chief staff behind him, kinda like, like wince, like when he was saying that like, oh my God. So they're trying to get rid of that guy. Cash Patel got confirmed today. So that's the new FBI director by a vote of 51 to 49%. You have this United States attorney, this guy Ed Martin, who's now sending letters to Congress that he's using the United States Attorney's Office in DC to criminally investigate like Democratic Congress member Robert Garcia. 'cause he didn't like how Robert Garcia told that people should protest. So he told Garcia he wants clarification because Garcia's words may be criminal.


I mean, that is, its corruption. Stupid sandwich is this Trump administration writ large with the dumbest people. Sean Duffy's, who got famous on real World Road rules challenge. Gimme one point, Brett, then I'll throw it over to you. 'cause I've got this train of thought right now. Even the person who they said was the pro-labor moderate person, right? Like Chavez Dreamer, a Republican congresswoman from Oregon. And her whole thing was that she su she claimed she supported the Pro Act, which would be help union workers. And so she branded herself as pro worker. But now that she's in the Trump administration, when she testified as to be the labor secretary, well, let me just show you the questioning by Bernie Sanders.


Do you support the Pro Act? Thank you. Ranking Member Sanders. And I appreciate the conversation. I support the American worker President Trump. Okay. I I don't mean to be rude. No, you're not. We don't have a lot of time. I'm, I understand. I'm gathering, I'm gathering that you no longer support the product, is what I hear that you support the American worker. That's what everybody here will say. What do you feel about the Butch Lewis Act? I support the Butch Lewiss Act in protecting their retirements. And You'll go to the wall to go to the mat supporting it. I do support. Okay. Protecting people's retirements. Do you support raising the minimum wage to a living wage Ranking member Sanders? You know, that that is an issue for Congress to determine and raising the minimum wage as a Secretary of Labor.


I cannot weigh in on that. That's determined in by Congress. If they want to negotiate that I will fully and fairly enforce the law as a labor secretary. Are You concerned that we do not have a functioning LRB now? Well, again, I have not been read in with President Trump, but he has a right to ex exercise his executive power. And I do believe that NLRB has an important role independent of the Department of Labor. And I respect their position as an independent agency. The question was, are you okay with the fact that Trump, you're the labor secretary, are you okay with the fact that he gutted the National Labor Relations Board that recognizes unions and here's grievances.


What's your view on a living wage? You are the labor secretary. What's your view that labor should be able to live? What's your view of the pro act, the right to unionize? Can't answer those questions, but I gotta tell you, you know, you got Sean O'Brien over at the Teamsters, you know, who's went to Mar-a-Lago, thumbs up. He thought that was great. The leader of the teamsters. I don't know how the rank and file, you know, can deal with this guy, but there's a whole nother topic in a whole nother video. But Brett, sorry, I just wanted to show you even Reemer Chavez, who people are like, oh, she's, when she goes there, These people Are all spineless clowns.


Yeah. And, and I gotta admit, you know, my, my own faults here, because for a while I was told that she was like the pro-labor one, and I was like, oh, well, at least Trump put somebody pro-labor, you know, for this position. It turns out she's reversed everything that she ever said she believed in for Donald Trump. And the, and, and the head of the Teamsters apparently loves her for, and shame on that guy, right? Sean O'Brien, honestly, what a, what a traitor to his, to his union, to back these people who are destroying unions, who are destroying workers, who are going to lead these people to slaughter. It's quite frankly, disgusting. But when I watch all of this, when I see people like Bernie Sanders out there bringing the heat during those hearings, when I see people, like, I'm not sure If you saw JB Pritzker's speech yesterday in, in, in Illinois.


Phenomenal, fantastic. Exactly the kind of fight fighter that we need right now. And when you see these voices out there, whether it's, you know, a, a Jasmine Crockett, a an a OC, an kinloss, you know, who, who, whoever it may be, the people who are out there who are throwing punches and are doing a good job. I think that's great. And I think we need to continue to push members of Congress to do as much as possible every single day. I think there are some people doing a fantastic job. A lot of them are not meeting the moment. I'll say that happily, not happily, I'll say that. Honestly, definitely not. But some of them really are doing a great job. But at the end of the day, I, I, I've been thinking about the famous words of JFKA lot in the past few days.


The most famous thing he's ever said, probably ask not what your country could do for you. Ask what you can do for your country. And I think right now, those words are resonating with me more than ever. Because we could look to all these institutions, right? You could look to the courts, you could look to politicians, you could look to whoever. But I don't think that's where we need to be looking right now. I think we need to be looking at ourselves and what we could all be doing, the ways we could be organizing, protesting, speaking out, demanding that members of Congress do what they promised they do, that they actually put up a fight. And I think if we're able to coalesce and build this coalition and continue to knock down Donald Trump's approval ratings by exposing 'em the way we are, I think the power that we are going to see of the people is going to be the thing that saves this country ultimately.


And that's why I love when I look out, not on the news, but when I see on social media and on the Midas Touch Network, when I see these protests forming, when I see the people speaking up, speaking loudly, loudly and demanding action, and I wanna see more of that. And we all need to be thinking every single day, what could we be doing? Do we have a skill? Maybe you're an artist, maybe you write songs, maybe you wanna make phone calls. I don't care what it is, but every day we should be thinking, is there something I could do today to try to save my country? Because we need to take the responsibility and ownership of this as much as it sucks, as much as none of us ask for this. But I don't, I don't even think this is not a partisan thing at all.


This is about democracy. This is about our country. This is about normalcy and what we're seeing right now with Trump and Doge, this operation, which I think is a whole kind of foreign influence operation, all kind of both from within and from overseas. It's horrifying. And we should all be united and pushing back against that, regardless of Whether you consider yourself the, the lefties of lefties, the most conservative person on the planet, moderate, I don't care where you are, right? This is an existential crisis that we're all facing. So it's time to come together And people are pissed. It's very clear. People are angry. I mean, they're taking to the streets. We cover the protest here, just like we showed right there, Brendan, in that shot. What's happening here is this entire administration just gaslighting the, the entire American people gaslighting the world, right?


Donald Trump, no tax on tips. Where is that? Oh, no, look at, look at, look at this shiny object over here. Look at this over here. Everything that he essentially campaigned on that, that got people excited. I mean, the no tax on tips one is like the most infuriating one to me, because that was such a staple of his campaign. But yet he dodges every question when, when asked about it. It's an unbelievable thing. You look at on Fox News, I mean, gaslighting 1 0 1, there's, there's more plane crashes under the Biden administration than the Trump administration. Y'all have been in, in office now for three weeks. I'm hearing about a plane incident every other day at this point. What are we talking about?


And then the stats that Duffy threw out, I'm not gonna go point by point, but just completely made up like, like just completely falsified. And this goes back to our conversation earlier about the NPC scripts, right? Because now that's the Fox News touchpoint that are getting the, the MAGA talking points and the scripts out there actually, did you know there was more plane crashes under Biden administration than the Trump administration? And that's what they roll out. And it's just an unbelievably gaslit administration that is infuriating the American people. And that's why we are seeing such an energized community here, the Midas Touch Network and taking to the streets all across the country. Well, what they're telling their people is on Fox. And they're saying, why wouldn't you trust the billionaires? Look billionaire.


This is what they say. Billionaires are so rich that they don't need your money. They don't need, they're doing this out of the goodness of their heart. Let the billionaires go through your shit. Let them, let them have your social security. What are they gonna do with it? You think they're gonna do something bad with it? Let them have your medical records. What are you afraid to show the billionaires? Just give it to them. What your social security data, just what do you think they're gonna do? Give the billionaires, give, give the billionaires that data, that access to your tax records and, and the payment processing systems of the IRS. What do you think they're gonna do? Try to avoid paying taxes and then go after their enemies with the IRS system.


Come on, these are billionaires. These are the best of the best. That's what they're trying to sell to their audience. And Brett, to your point, that's why you say this shouldn't be a Democrat thing to say. That's crazy. It should be a human being thing. If you are not a billionaire, you should, even If you are kind of a billionaire and you're not the must type whatever, even you're just a, a worker and you're, and you're trying to support your family, you should not want these billionaires doing this crap and hurting you and hurting your family. That's what they are doing. And that shouldn't be a partisan issue. So I think, Brett, to your point, power to the people is the mantra.


And this is a people powered network. You know, it's, I think that's one of the reasons, or the main reason this network grew is that it is people powered and it's fueled by you. The Midas mighty. And again, I'm humbled and honored that me and my brothers can host this program and speak to millions of people. I think it was close to 59 million downloads for the month or what the number was. That's incredible. But what really matters to me is the reach of growing people and having an impact, and making a difference, and getting this information out to more people. And then having all of you share this information with people that you know, because I want an America that's caring and empathetic and loving and that cares about democracy and supports our allies, that cares about future generations.


And that where we have respect and, and we have our democracy back. That's what I want. And we're gonna be in this with you every step of the way, shoulder to shoulder here. We will keep growing this network with you for all of our new listeners and viewers. It's so great to have you, you here, I, I hope you like this programming. And it's different than what you've kind of heard anywhere else. We're trying to re-envision, deconstruct, and reconstruct what we think the media should be. Fact-based, unapologetic, pro-democracy, fearless. That's what we're gonna stand for here each and every day. Make sure you're subscribed. We're on our way to 5 million Subscribe, Meidas. Let's try to hit that 5 million mark soon.


And I can't wait to speak to you now at patreon.com/midas touch P-A-T-R-E-O n.com/midas touch. We'll see you there. Thank you everybody for watching. Thank you Mods. Thank you, Midas mighty. Thank you everyone. We're so appreciative and grateful for you. Jordy. Shout out to the Midas. Might love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 750,000 followers.