
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now, up to 55% off your Babbel subscription at Babbel dot com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast Rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


We've got a lot to discuss. Midas mighty, let's just get right into it. Donald Trump keeps giving these disastrous Oval office press conferences where he is upending American foreign policy crashing our economy locally in the long run. We're already seeing inflation starting to surge. Let's just take a look at everything he's saying. Let's break it all down. So Donald Trump is asked about rising prices. The recent inflation numbers not good. Here's what Donald Trump says. Let's play it. I love Mr. President because of these tariffs. Who do you think voters should hold responsible?


Oh, I think what's gonna go up is jobs are gonna go up and prices could go up somewhat short term, but prices will also go down. And I think the farmers are gonna be helped by this very much. Prices will go up short term, but then they also will go down and farmers will be helped by this. I mean, If you know anything about Trump's recent history of tariffs, the farmers got absolutely screwed. There had to be subsidies paid to the farmers because it led to foreign countries not buying America. It's exactly what we're going to see. Again, we're already seeing farmers being screwed, not just in the form of Donald Trump's tariffs and the harm that that's causing, but by Donald Trump's destruction of government entities that helps support farmers who voted for Donald Trump.


I guess the leopards are eating their faces or they're effing around and finding out. Right now here, Donald Trump talks about prices going up. It just may be a short term disturbance is what they, they say play this clip. They'll Do it without tariffs and therefore prices won't go up. There could be some short term disturbance, but long term it's going to, it's gonna make our country a fortune. So Americans should prepare for some short term Paying profit. No, you said that. I didn't say that. Do you knew The prices go up In, let's see what happens. Nobody really knows what is gonna happen other. Now this is at the same time the MAGA Republicans released their budget resolution. They are going to add $4.5 trillion in new deficits for tax writing ways and means committee $4 trillion debt limit hike.


In addition, $880 billion in deficit reduction as it relates to energy and commerce. That means Medicaid cuts 330 billion in deficit reduction for education committee. That means education cuts 230 billion in deficit reduction for the agriculture committee. That means nutrition cuts and then about a 4.5 to $5 trillion T trillion dollar tax cut for the billionaires. So just so you know, their priorities cutting Medicaid by billions, cutting education by billions, cutting agriculture by billions. But Donald, I thought you said you were helping the farmers and giving the billionaires $4.5 trillion in tax cuts.


Let's go back to more of the Oval Office developments. You had Donald Trump with the leader of India Modi in the Oval Office, and Donald Trump has asked a question whether he thinks that U-S-A-I-D was interfering in the 2020 US election and the 2024 India election or the 2024 election generally play this clip. May, may I, yeah. President Trump, first of all, congratulations for the fantastic 24 days of your presidency, historic and unprecedented decisions that you made, transformational reforms.


I'm part, I'm particularly impressed by the expose on U-S-A-I-D and I would like you to share with us If you think U-S-A-I-D had a role in election interference in the US in 2020 and Indian elections in 2024. So it could have had a role. There were a lot of bad things that happened in 2020. I think bad things happened in 2024, but it was too big to rig. We, we won by a tremendous margin and we won every swing state. We won the popular vote by millions of votes.


So it was, it was too big to rig. But yeah, I think they probably tried. We're looking to go to a system now much different where one day voting voter id and you just, we have to do that. And paper ballots, we want paper ballots. And when they do that, we're going to clean it up very, very well. I wanna call in my brother Brett right now. Jordy couldn't be on it today. Jordy's on daddy duty. You got me and Brett today. But Brett, I think that shows number one, you had the reporter manipulate him with flattery, and then number two pose just a ridiculously absurd question.


You could have basically said, do you think that U-S-A-I-D was responsible? I mean, she could have said anything at that point, right? She could have said, do you think U-S-A-I-D was responsible for covid? Do you think U-S-A-I-D was responsible for the first? And Donald Trump was like, yeah, I, I I think so. I I definitely think it has a role. It's so reckless, so dangerous. It makes McCarthyism look like a, like a little ant, right? The way that Watergate doesn't even look like a thing compared to the massive criminality we're seeing every day. It's so true, Ben. It's such a good point and great to be here with you. Great to be here with everybody. And, and sorry, Jordy, that you couldn't make it to this one.


We miss you. But yeah, you know, I think it's, it's stunning how, how quickly the United States has basically fallen from a, a democracy hanging on by a thread to basically flipping into an all-out oligarchy overnight. And we are seeing the results of that with Donald Trump and Elon Musk, who throughout these past few days, has honestly, has appeared to be acting more as the president of the United States than Donald Trump. Very odd visuals, very odd dynamics of power at play. But we'll, we'll, we'll get to more of that in this episode. But you see this weaponization of disinformation. We've never seen anything like this. And truthfully, one of the things that frightens me is that I don't think the public in the United States or overseas are necessarily equipped to handle this level of lying, this level of gaslighting, this amount of disinformation that is being flooded every single day.


And you have to remember, most of these lies originate where from Elon Musk or from Elon Musk's platform X, formerly Twitter, that's where the disinformation starts and spreads. That's where they take snippets of information without context, try to make organizations actual, hardworking civil servants look as bad as possible. They gather their algorithms to push everybody to content that smears these people. And then they use these lies in order to attack them, try to prosecute them, and to continue to just beat them down. As we see here with Donald Trump apparently accusing U-S-A-I-D of rigging elections and, and all this other stuff, you have a sizable amount to the population now that is believing this crap.


It's one of the biggest dangers of our time that I don't think gets nearly enough attention. It's that we have this propaganda machine that is so out powering what the corporate media is saying is so out powering any of the information people get. And there are a lot of people there walking around right now thinking that these crazy things that we think are insane, what Donald Trump is saying, taking them at face value, taking them as truth. And there are a lot of people who maybe aren't as tuned into politics who, who don't believe that people would just lie to them in this sort of way. They would just tell these big lies every single day where there has to be, there has gotta be a kernel of truth to this, right? There's gotta be a little truth. No, there's no truth to this. We are now living in a propaganda regime that looks no different than North Korea, that looks no different than Russia, that looks no different than the Nazi propaganda of the past.


And so that's why this independent community needs to remain vigilant at all times. And we need to be calling this out every single day because if we don't, what we've learned in the past is a vacuum forms, and that's a vacuum for more disinformation to flood the zone, even Weirder and more of a pariah state than North Korea in many ways. North Korea condemned Donald Trump for talking about wanting to acquire takeover occupy Gaza when you have Kim Jong-un making statements that resemble a more moderating voice than the President of the United States. You know, there are major, major issues there.


I'll show you this as well though. Let's talk about Elon Musk for a second in the Oval Office. You know, Elon Musk wears his little child like a prop on his head. You know, it reminds me of, you know, I forget that meme or the meme. Yeah. What, what is, what is going on with that? And, and by the way, the child's mother. And honestly, it's one of the reasons why I don't like showing these clips because I, it's unfair to the child, quite frankly. And I've seen the child's mother speak out and, and she's very upset. I think it's Grimes speaking out and saying that she's horrified that her son is being paraded around in the Oval Office and, and through all these things. So like, what, what's your take on, like, do you think he's literally using this child as a shield during these various meetings and, and everything that he is doing?


Well, you know, I saw Elon Musk's dad being interviewed for one of these podcasts, and they asked Elon Musk's dad, do you think that your son is a good father? And Elon Musk's dad said, absolutely not. He's a horrible father. And Elon Musk's dad said, you know, their first, you know, Elon Musk's first kid died under the care of a nanny, is what the father said. He goes, and all the other kids don't want to be around him at all. So he's got this kid who he wears literally as part of his costume to kind of prop up and prop around. You saw that moment where the kid was even like, it seemed like he was trash talking Donald Trump. And whether he was saying, shut your effing mouth or shush your mouth, or something like that, it looked like he was saying things to Donald.


And I think it was Lawrence O'Donnell who said it was one of the most powerless images of the presidency he ever saw with Elon Musk dressed up just like in everyday attire though. But with that, you know, black peacoat that kind of looked like Darth Vader as his 5-year-old son is like taunting Donald Trump. And Trump's like, like looking away as the kid making all of these statements, it sounded Like he was like, you're not the president. He was like yelling at him. Nick Mc kid is pretty, pretty wild. So, but let me show you this from the Oval Office where Elon Musk is asked by a reporter. So you talked about, for example, giving condoms to Hamas.


'cause that was one of the ones that were repeated all the time, right? And you know, all of the senators and Congress members, MAGA Republicans, that is, they were out there saying, look how hard, look, look what we uncovered. And then they took it a step further and they were like, oh, Hamas would use the condoms to make condom bombs. And that's what was going on there. And look what we uncovered. Totally false. And by the way, you can go through all of these, but at some point you have to realize essentially everything they're saying is a lie. Because otherwise you end up chasing these things like whack-a-mole and go, that's not true. That's not true, that's not true. That's not true. And they're doing that while distracting you from the fact that inflation is once again surging, that egg prices are at record highs, that gas prices are up, that your groceries are up, that there's not peace in Ukraine in 24 hours.


That housing is less affordable. That the business community feels that there's utter chaos right now as Donald Trump wakes up one day. I'm taring you, I'm not taring you, I'm taring this, I'm taring this country. So let me just show you this clip though of Elon Musk being asked about the lies that he was saying. And Elon Musk's response is, I'm gonna be wrong a lot. Like, I'm gonna say things that aren't true, but what, whatever Here play the clip. This Musk, you said on x that an example of the fraud that you have cited was $50 million of condoms was sent to Gaza, but after fact check this, it apparently Gaza in Mozambique and the program was to protect them against HIV.


So can you correct the statements? It wasn't sent to Hamas, actually, it was sent to Mozambique, which makes sense why condoms was sent there. Yeah. And how can make we make sure that all the statements that you said were correct so we can trust what you say? Well, first of all, some of the things that I say will be incorrect and, and should be corrected. So nobody's gonna bat a thousand. I mean any, you know, we're, we will make mistakes but will act quickly to correct any mistakes. So, you know, if if the, I'm not sure we should be sending $50 million worth of condoms to anywhere, frankly, I'm not sure that's something Americans would be really excited about. You notice the pivot right away, you know, again, and, and the gaslighting, which is and Follows up a lie with another lie as well.


Lie, yeah. Like he, he doubles down on the lie while saying, we'll admit when we're wrong. And that's one of the most difficult things. And and that's why they hide behind this kind of fake, oh look, we're just, we're being honest, we're being transparent. If I mess up, I'll, I'll gladly say I was wrong. But he's never apologized for that lie. He moves right onto the next lie, and then he goes right on his social media platform and he spits out 50 other lies that I guess he could be asked about three days later and make the same comment. And then this whole cycle repeats. So it's, there's, they're disingenuous people and that's why it's incumbent upon all the media out there and people not to take them at their word ever, because their word doesn't mean anything. Their word means zero. So he says, oh yeah, I'm, you know, I'm never gonna, I I'm never gonna bat a thousand.


Your purpose, your whole, the whole concept of what you're doing is quite frankly to spread disinformation, to create these false pretenses, to gut these agencies to fire people. And, and they're important things. Ultimately, we're already learning about people who have died overseas because hospitals have shut down because of their federal funding. Freezing cuts. We're finding out about all these ramifications throughout the government. We're finding out that the national like weather service may, may go under because of Donald Trump's cuts. Yeah. We may not have a weather service, just like people know that like no weather, we, we, we won't be able to get weather anymore. Yeah. And I'm, I'm sure that'll be great for the farmers as well to not be able to have a public weather service to alert them of, of issues and stuff.


Just all of this is going to have such massive effects because he is making these cuts and, and doing these purges a obviously without any regard to the rule of law or, or anything like that. But also with just complete disregard to the effects they're gonna have on actual people's lives and on the country. And we're gonna be feeling the rippling effects of this, I think for decades and decades and decades to come. Yeah. You mentioned, for example, the Weather Service 'cause that's handled by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the NOAA, which is one of the things that Elon Musk and Donald Trump also gutted and attacked.


But NOAA also does things like, you know, if you're by the Great Lakes, you know, they tell you if the conditions are safe for you to go out in the water or are you gonna potentially drown? Like is it safe to be out there? And these are government workers who work very hard every day at kind of thankless jobs that just quietly in the background are saving people's lives and making our lives all better. And these are the people who are being attacked every day by the Trump authoritarian regime and their state run regime media with Fox and with X and all of these other platforms. Now pull, let's pull up those budget numbers. 'cause this is what this, the bait and switch here is that what Republicans want to do is give people like Elon Musk and billionaires a $4.5 trillion tax cut.


They wanna run out. This isn't about fiscal responsibility. This isn't saving money. It's just making sure that the billionaires and the richest of the billionaires don't have to pay taxes. So what they're doing is they're saying, look, we saved you $8 million here. We saved you $30 million here. We served you, not saved you $9 million here, which is like 1e-05%. Like even If you took the entire U-S-A-I-D and gutted it, I think it would be less than 1% of everything. If you, If you gutted the whole thing, If you said, we're just shutting it down, I think it would be less than like 1%.


So while that's happening, they're saying 4.5 trillion that basically goes to the deca millionaires, that billionaires and the deca billionaires. So they're hoping to fake people out. And it's, you know, by and large, with a large part of our population, it's working while they're picking your pockets, basically. And then they go, oh, oh, oh. But guess what? Gulf of Mexico is now Gulf of America. America, yeah. And well, all of this is going on. They're also attacking our allies and they are weakening nato, they're weakening the G seven, they're weakening all of our alliances. And Donald Trump is propping up Putin. And so with some of the things that Trump's doing, the damage kind of has been done like economically right now, Canada's boycotting the United States of America.


That's, that data's not going to show up overnight. But in a few months, we're going to see when our tourism industry in the United States is crashing, it'll start to show up. The economic data slightly lags. So the fact that we already got in a short period of time inflation surging, which by the way, Trump is trying to blame on former President Biden. That's why it was a little unexpected for economists. 'cause they thought we'd pick this up more along the lines of April and May. The fact that it's already starting in January, February, they're like, whoa, that's sooner than expected. Wasn't sooner than we expected. I expect Donald Trump to cause a recession or a depression pretty soon based on what he's, I mean, just look at what he is actually doing.


I mean, these reckless tariffs are gonna cause complete havoc. And By the way, Ben, if Donald Trump came out, and he said, because if he was an honest broker of things, and he said, listen, inflation's been a sticky issue. You know, we're gonna work on it may take months, may take year some of, but he didn't say that. He explicitly said a billion times during the campaign and in writing on a social media, on day one, they will come crashing down on day one. The prices are gonna go so quickly down, it's gonna make your head spin. He made comments like this all the time, and now he's telling people that they need pain. And in that first clip, he was like, well, I didn't say pain. You said pain. I didn't say that people were gonna experience pain. No. You literally, explicitly, like a week ago, said that people were going to have to experience pain before the election.


Elon Musk, the, the day, like a couple days before, he said that it was your, while you were lying about it to people, Elon Musk admitted that people were going to have to feel pain under your agenda. So you have the pain agenda, you have the screw Americans agenda. That is it. And the whole idea here to give four and a half trillions dollars in tax cuts to the wealthiest Americans while you're taking away their Medicaid, while you're stripping away their social security, while you're gutting the VA and humanitarian aid. It's like it, it's beyond what any villain could even come up with at anything. It's, it's beyond villainous. What Trump and horrific human beings realize, and oftentimes they are authoritarian leaders, is that you can compound the lie with other lies.


And people who get duped by the lies just keep getting duped by the lie and lie and lie until they're either just dead or broke. Right? Like that's part of the Ponzi scheme is that you bring the person along on the journey until you basically have taken everything. And then by the time you know, they realize that they're either too weak or they're dead to stand up to you. Like I want everybody to realize that that's what he's doing. I don't want you to think that this is all doom and gloom though, because in this episode we're gonna talk about how people are fighting back. We're gonna talk about the resistance growing. We're gonna talk about the protests that corporate media refuses to cover and how I think we're gonna see more people take to the streets peacefully protest in the coming days, weeks, and months.


We're talking about the international resistance. And by the way, we're talking about federal judges, both Democrats, Republican appointed judges, even Trump appointed judges who have been almost consistently and universally ruling against Donald Trump and his administration's unlawful conduct. And earlier today we learned about even someone by the name of Daniel S, who was the acting United States attorney in the Southern District of New York, kind of a MAGA light, a MAGA esque lawyer, someone who took the oath to work in the Trump administration. So someone who Maga thought was gonna be loyal to them. She was running the SDNY Donald Trump through Emil Bo, the acting Deputy Attorney General of the Department of Justice ordered Danielle Sasson to dismiss the case against Mayor Eric Adams.


And she goes, no, that's, I would be violating my oath as a lawyer If you forced me to do that. She goes, in her letter, she goes, I attended a meeting on January 31st, 2025 with Mr. Bove Adams counsel. And by the way, Adams counsel is Elon Musk's lawyer. I want you to know that connection as well. Adams and Elon Musk share the same lawyer. That's not a coincidence. And members of my office, Adam's attorneys repeatedly urged what amounted to a quid pro quo indicating that Adams would be in a position to assist with the department's enforcement priorities. Only if the indictment were dismissed. Mr. Bove admonished a member of my team who took notes during the meeting and directed the collection of those notes at the meeting's conclusion.


In other words, the DOJ is destroying evidence of a crime whereby Eric Adams is essentially saying, If you dismiss the case against me, I'm going to help Donald Trump's priorities. Let's do a quid pro quo deal, even if I committed crimes, let's do a bargain. Let's do a, let's make a deal. By the way, what did we learn that also happened in New York immediately after that quid pro quo deal, Donald Trump used the federal government to literally steal money that was allocated for fema or buy FEMA for shelters in New York to help vulnerable people.


$80 million was literally stolen from a bank account in New York by the federal. They just took it. They took the money like literal theft is what was going on. Or at least that's what was alleged by the New York Comptroller as well as Governor Hoel. But the Trump lawyer resigned and then the Trump DOJ tried to give it to central DOJ to dismiss the case against Eric Adams. People in the public integrity section at the DOJ resigned. And now one of the things we're seeing is, is there going to be this mass exodus of DOJ employees basically gutting the entire Department of Justice? And look, Pam Bondy, the Attorney General, she's out there making a fool of herself.


She gave some press conference yesterday talking about how she was pressing charges against the governor of New York and the Attorney General, the Tisha James. And so people like, are you charging them criminally? Then it was like a civil lawsuit based on a law on the books in 2019 that was basically upheld over and over again against the handling of migrants. And so it was just a civil action that was filed, not a criminal case. Anyway, Brett, I want you to talk about that a all Brett, we gotta take our first break of the show. We've got a lot going on. I want to hear your thoughts on that. We'll talk about Donald Trump capitulating to Vladimir Putin. What a mess this Pete Heif Fox host turned defense secretary is.


But when you lack experience and integrity, what else would you expect? We'll talk about the international resistance as well. Wanna remind everybody to hit subscribe here. We're doing it what Brett, next week we're doing our Patreon chat A week from today. It's gonna be a week from today, so it's gonna be next Thursday when we're live right now. So next Thursday on Patreon patreon.com/midas. Touch meet me, Ben and Jordy there, sign up for one of the paid tiers. You get to meet us. Looking forward to that very much. Also, everybody, you're making the Midas Touch podcast, the top podcast on the news charts on the Apple charts. So let's keep us up there. So please, I'm asking you right now, If you haven't done it yet, go to Apple Podcast app, go to the Spotify app, add the Midas Touch podcast, and If you have an extra se, by the way, it's free.


If you have an extra second two, give us a five star review. Send us some nice words. We'd appreciate that as well. We'll take our first quick break. We'll be right back.


Millions of Americans grind or clench their teeth at night, and most don't even know that they're doing it. I was one of 'em. If you have jaw pain or headaches after a night's sleep, there's a high chance you grind or clench your teeth. Teeth grinding, also known as bruxism or TMJ, is generally caused by stress. And it can cause serious damage, such as eroding away your enamel and broken teeth, which leads to expensive dental bills. The solution to protecting your teeth is a mouth guard, but mouth guards from the dentist can cost you around $500 to $800. The good news is that there's Remi. Remi makes dental grade professional quality mouth guards without the painful price tag. They're up to 80% cheaper of what you would pay at the dentist and don't require you to visit a dental office. Remy's process is simple. They send you an at-home impression kit to create molds of your teeth. You send those back to Remy, and Remy's dental team will make your custom fit guards and send them right back to you. Remy's guards are so comfortable to wear that. Most customers forget they're even wearing them. Plus, with a 45 night satisfaction guarantee, you can try it, risk free sleep better, and decide if it's the perfect fit. If not, Remy's got you covered. Look, I've done the whole Remy process. It's phenomenal. Their team is incredible. The product is perfect. Definitely check it out If you fit this category. Remy is for anyone dealing with nighttime, grinding, clenching, or jaw pain, who wants an affordable solution to protect their smile and say goodnight to jaw pain and headaches? Head to shop Remi dot com slash midas and use code Midas to save up to 50%. That's 50% off at shop REM i.com/midas with code Midas, give your teeth a break without breaking the bank with Remy. Thank you Remy, for sponsoring this episode.


Okay, real talk. I love food, but I do not love meal planning. Every week I do my best, but often reality hits work. Aaron's exhaustion, suddenly I'm eating leftovers for dinner again. But then I found Marley Spoon and I am officially a meal prep person. I could announce it right now, not because I suddenly got my life together, but because Marley Spoon did it for me. This podcast is sponsored by Marley Spoon and I'm genuinely excited about it because it's helping me fast track my way to eating well without all that stress. And with our code, Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S, you could Get up to 27 free meals. Here's what I love, Marley Spoon gives you over a hundred recipes to choose from. Every week we're talking everything cozy comfort food, like big batch beef stroganoff to lighter dishes like salmon and creamy mustard, deal sauce, tray bake. There's literally something for every single mood. And my absolute favorite recently, their beef noodle soup with bok choy. I made it last night. I had that moment where I just stared at my plate like, damn, I'm good. It looked incredible, smelled amazing, and more importantly, tasted like something out of a restaurant. And the best part, Marley Spoon just launched their new 15 minute Express recipes. Yep, dinner in 15 minutes. So even on nights when I'm feeling extra lazy, I have zero excuses. This new year fast track your way to eating well with Marley Spoon. Head to Marley Spoon dot com slash offer slash Midas and use that code Midas For up to 27 free meals. You heard me right up to 27 free meals with Marley Spoon, one last time. That's Marley Spoon dot com slash offer slash midas For up to 27 free meals. And make sure you use our promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S, so they know that I sent you,


Welcome back, welcome back. That's where Jordy normally comes in and goes, everybody, we've got the link to the discount codes in the description below. Make sure you check it out. We really appreciate our pro democracy sponsors. You know, we have zero outside investors on the Midas Touch Network, and so we've been able to build this network based on the support of those pro-democracy sponsors. Thanks to everyone at patreon.com/midas touch. And while you're at it, check out midas plus.com where we've been hosting a show called Midas Meetups every Thursday. And we've got a lot of great content@themidasplus.com. That's our substack, by the way. All right, let's get into Bearing them, bearing the lead today we spoke to former US congressman, Adam Kininger.


Had a great conversation about many of the issues that we're speaking to right now about basically Donald Trump's complete destruction of the global world Order. Adam Kinzinger, a, a true patriot, a true fighter, was great to speak to him. And you could watch our entire conversation that we had recorded live with Adam kinzinger@midasplus.com. It's free to check it out. Just go to midas plus.com and and check it out. And Ben, speaking of Donald Trump blowing up the entire global order or the entire world order, what is the latest? Let's talk about Donald Trump in the Oval Office attacking Canada. Again, we, we've been used to this. Now it's why Canada's boycotting here play this clip.


We're in for more than Europe. I mean, think of it, or nato. I mean that's, let's call it nato. 'cause Canada's in, by the way, Canada is just about the lowest payer also just be, you know, they shouldn't be the, they are just about the lowest payer in nato in addition to everything else. So Canada's really been taking advantage of, and if they had to pay just something modestly fair, they wouldn't be able to succeed as a country. And that's why, that's why I, I feel they have to become a state Yes ma'am Here already said at the end, that's why I feel they have to be a state. And let me be very clear, Canada has a very proud history as well of defending democracy and standing up to fascism and fighting in wars to preserve democracy and freedom.


And so to just the belittling and degrading treatment of Canada every day from Donald Trump just goes to what a psychopathic, demented, freaking idiot. I mean, there's, there's really no words to describe how contemptible Donald Trump is. So while Donald Trump was doing that, attacking our allies, or I suppose former allies now, because Trump has alienated them all, Pete Hegseth was in Germany. There was the Munich conference that was taking place, and you had Heif saying that as a, this is what he was saying. So he goes, as a start, as a precondition of the negotiation with Russia.


He goes, we have to recognize that Ukraine should not get its pre 2014 borders back and it should not become a member of nato. We must start with that premise. That would literally be the way Russia starts the negotiation. Not how you start the negotiation because you've now literally given Russia everything that they had asked for. Let's play the clip. We want like you a sovereign and prosperous Ukraine. But we must start by recognizing that returning to Ukraine's pre 2014 borders is an unrealistic objective.


The United States does not believe that NATO membership for Ukraine is a realistic outcome of a negotiated settlement. Instead, any security guarantee Must be backed by capable European and non-European troops. Then Donald Trump goes, speaks in the Oval Office about the phone call that he had with Vladimir Putin before ever even speaking to Zelensky, where Donald Trump reiterated those points. We're learning more about that phone call, which I'll go over in just a, a, a little bit. But here's Trump blaming Ukraine for Russia's unlawful invasion here, play this clip.


Probably good today. They're a little bit softer perhaps, but I thought his comments from yesterday direction, I thought his comments yesterday were pretty accurate. I don't see any way that a country in Russia's position could allow them, just in their position, could allow them to join nato. I don't see that happening. And long before President Putin, Russia was very strong on the fact that, I believe that's the reason the war started, because Biden went out and said that they could join nato. And he shouldn't have said that. As soon as he said that, I said, you know what, you're gonna have a war now. And I was right about that, that this is a war that would've never happened if I were president. But you don't think if President, President Biden's fault not president. I mean, he's the one, I think Biden is incompetent.


And I think when he said that they could join nato, I thought that was a very stupid thing to say. Well, and then here's Donald Trump while saying that Ukraine shouldn't join nato. Donald Trump says Russia should join the G seven and make it the G eight and that Russia should be welcomed back into the G seven as the G eight. Here play this clip. High Level people from Russia, from Ukraine, and from the United States. Do you have Russia back to the G seven, sir, I'd love to have him back. I think it was a mistake to throw 'em out. Look, it's not a question of liking Russia or not liking Russia. It was the G eight. And you know, I've, I said, what are you doing? You guys, all you talk about is Russia and you, they should be sitting at the table.


I think Putin would love to be back. Obama and a couple of other people made a mistake and they got Russia out. It's very possible that if that was the G eight, you wouldn't have had the problem with Ukraine. And if I was president, you definitely wouldn't have had the problem with Ukraine. Russia would've never attacked Ukraine. Can I ask? But, but you ask a very good question. The G eight used to be the G eight and then these people threw 'em out. And I was arguing with Trudeau and with with num, numerous of the people actually Prime Minister Abby, a great man, Notice he goes in tax, a tax Prime Minister Trudeau again while saying all these things about Putin that are favorable.


And one of the things that we're learning as well is that according to many Kremlin Insiders who are now just laughing at this whole thing, we've been covering a lot of this. I wanna give a hat tip to Julia Davis. She does a great job covering Russian media and what the Russian oligarchs are saying, laughing Kremlin insiders say Trump has given Putin the green light to expand the war. And what this article says is that basically, you know, the thing holding Putin back was the belief that if he expanded the war and used more weapons on Ukraine, the US would continue to fund Ukraine and would continue to build the coalition that would then attack Russia.


But that Russia's basically been given a green light if they want to, to just wipe, you know, just demolish it. And it talks about how that's sent European leaders into, you know, a complete panic all. Although I, you know, I think the, the part of me though, Brett, that is just kind of wondering here, is that, you know, this was obvious that this was going to be the outcome, right? Like, like if, If you knew and followed Trump's relationship with Russia and everything, this, this, this, it shouldn't all of a sudden come as like a whoa, he's doing that. He wanted to do it the first time he was held back and now there's no one to hold him back and Trump's weak, but Putin's gonna go and, you know, and, and do the things that we think he's gonna do.


Yeah. And watching this press conference, the one on Ukraine and Russia that Trump held yesterday, I couldn't help but be reminded of Donald Trump and Helsinki saying that he trusted Vladimir Putin more than he trusted our own intelligence agencies. And just like back then, this is a very much a history repeats itself moment, although this is possibly even worse, Donald Trump quite literally everything he said, whether it was that Russia should join the G seven or the lies about how the invasion which he blames on Ukraine began, that was all quite literally word for word Kremlin propaganda.


100% of it was straight from the mouth of Vladimir Putin. So much so that in her confirmation hearing, and, and you know, I'm sure everybody knows, knows by now that Tulsi Gabbard has been confirmed that as DNI, as the director of National Intelligence, she was asked to disavow those very same statements and was basically forced to, during those hearings that Donald Trump then repeated verbatim from the Oval Office. It's just such an absolute disgrace and such a abdication of our duty as the United States of America and retreating from all the promises that we have made to our allies.


Why should anybody ever trust the United States of America's word? If there was one thing in the past that you could trust, it was that the United States would stand by its word that we would uphold our values. And if we told you that we would offer you protection If you did X, Y, and Z, that we would be there to do that. Now we're in a space though, where I was looking through all the comments from the Ukrainians yesterday, my heart was breaking as they were speaking about the cowardice of Donald Trump, speaking about the betray, the betrayal of the United States of America for their country. Remember, they had to back in the day meet a, a big list of preconditions for the United States to offer this kind of support tornado.


And that was basically disarming themselves and all these other things only to get thrown under the bus by the United States. It's the ultimate betrayal. And I feel their pain and, and it really breaks my heart to see those comments and to see that we have this guy right now who instead of being allied with the free world, has turned the free world against the United States. And now the United States is in some weird alliance block with like, I don't know, with, with Putin and, and and who else? I don't even know Hungary, who, who, who else would all the dictators kind of Benjamin Netanyahu, maybe Putin, I don't know about, I mean, does he like Xi Jingping? There, there, there, there's really no rhyme or reason to it.


And just, you know, I guess there is whatever Putin wants is the rhyme or reason. But other than that, it's Donald Trump's psychotic madness mind of literally dismantling industry. I mean, this man hates America. Like we gotta call it out. This man hates America. And this the betrayal of all of these Mago republic, this the, the Republicans in the Senate, the Republicans in the House of Representatives who always were like, we need to be tough on Russia and we need to protect Taiwan and we need to, you know, support nato. I mean, these people are just the, the, the ultimate traitorous human beings who I hope when we all get through this together, history will scorn them and their families will be humiliated to even be affiliated with these spineless pieces of crap who masquerade as being leaders in a political party.


I mean, I, I I would love to see their faces spread out in history books, literally under the word traitor for what they've done to our country. And then they still go around and, and gaslight us like, this is some normal things that are happening. Oh, actually I think that this, no, it's gonna happen as we know it's going that, by the way, where is Keith Kellogg, the special envoy to Ukraine, right? There was a, he was a former Lieutenant General, he was the person tasked with the negotiation. If go back to my videos from two months ago, what did I say? I said, this guy is the first person they're gonna isolate and they're gonna kick this guy out. Why? Because the things he said actually were traditional US policy vis-a-vis Ukraine and Russia.


He was towing the line, knowing which administration he was working for as these special envoy. But he was by and large standing up to Russia. And I was like, that's an interesting guy. No way is this guy gonna make it. And sure enough, in Trump's statement where he capitulated, he mentions like literally like 80 names in the statement of like all the people who are gonna be dealing with the negotiation. Not one of them was Keith Kellogg, literally the person who was the special envoy. So I'm just waiting for the news to drop that Kellogg's resigned or he's officially out. But I think by all accounts he's really isolated. And just think about it too, you bring Tulsi Ardin as the director of National Intelligence.


What that basically means is that America has no national intelligence anymore. There are no foreign government intelligence agencies that will share information with the United States period because they know it's a direct route to Vladimir Putin. So we've now cut off all of our intelligence. Trump's tried to do buyouts of all CIA members, the FBI and the Counter-Terrorism Division. Trump's attacked all the FBI agencies, gutted all of our government agencies while they're supposed to be an injunction, stopping Trump's freeze on the government entities and agencies. We're learning from all of these entities that they're not getting the funding programs, whether it's Head Start or whatever, they're not getting the funding that they need.


You had Governor Shapiro, for example, of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, he had to file a lawsuit because the federal resources were not making their way to Pennsylvania despite the fact that there's an injunction saying that the money needs to go to the places that it can't just stop. So you have people having to file lawsuits. So the question is, because this is where we're headed, what happens when the federal judges, the Trump judges too, the judge, what happens when their orders get defied? One of the judges, by the way, who they attack more than almost any judge, but they'll never list the name on Fox and maga. They'll just, they'll act like, oh, it was so absurd that the judge allowed the websites to be put back on what websites?


H-H-S-F-D-A-N-I-H, like literally websites that people rely on to get services that save their life. The judge ordered that because money's been appropriated for the purpose and the agency has to behave like an agency. Elon Musk can't just take down webpages. That's the judge that they attack relentlessly. But notice they never really mentioned his name. Why? 'cause it's Judge Carl Nichols, the judge who Donald Trump appointed the other judge who they attack a lot is this judge John Bates. And they go, this judge needs to be fired. Judicial dictatorship, judge Bates, George W.


Bush appointee, the Washington State judge who ruled against Trump's birthright citizenship ban, or try to overturn the constitution. A Reagan appointee, judge Lamberth who said, no, Donald Trump, you can't take transgender women in prisons who have female genitals and move them into the male cells and take off their clothes and force them to shower with the men. That was a Reagan appointee. Judge Lamberth, you can go around the country, almost equal amount of Republican judges as Democrat judges who are issuing these injunctions against Donald Trump. When we get back, I want to talk about the resistance, judiciary, internal resistance, people taking to the streets, federal judges resistance.


We'll talk about all of that in more. I wanna remind everybody next Thursday is when we have our Patreon meeting, we don't have outside investors, so one of the best ways you can help patreon.com/might touch Join me, Brett and Jordy on our Patreon Zoom meeting. We're so looking forward to meeting you then. And then also you could check us out@midasplus.com as well. M-E-I-D-A-S-P-L-U s.com. That's our substack. We've got a lot of cool features there as well. Subscribe to this audio podcast, subscribe on YouTube right now, and we'll be right back after our last quick break of the


show. Muscles are vital for movement and play. A key role in supporting the vascular system. The calves often called the second heart, help pump blood against gravity, aiding circulation throughout the body By using a standing desk and incorporating movement accessories. You are more likely to engage these muscles promoting improved blood flow and overall health. If you work in front of a desk like I do, you've probably experienced the frustration of sitting for long periods. I seriously thought this would be a lasting problem until I discovered this episode. Sponsor UPLIFT Desk. UPLIFT Desk is at the forefront of ergonomic solutions, promoting better posture and health through adjustable standing desks designed to help you live a healthier lifestyle. Plus they offer amazing accessories to keep you moving throughout the day. My personal favorite, the under the desk treadmill, which I have right here. It's a game changer for staying active while I work. Standing while I work, gives me more room to move, which gets my creative juices flowing and helps me stay productive. I'm more focused and I'm more alert and I'm noticed so much more energy throughout the day. The best part, UPLIFT Desk lets you customize your desk with more than 200,000 configurations to suit your style and needs. Their desk configurator helps you build a complete workstation, including storage, seating, and even wire management. Make this year yours by going to UPLIFT desk dot com slash midas and using our code Midas, that's M-E-I-D-A-S to get four free accessories free, same day shipping, free returns, and industry leading 15 year warranty, covering your entire desk and an extra discount off your entire order. That's U-P-L-I-F-T-D-E-S k.com/me IDAs for a special offer only available at our link Start 2025. Right stand, move, thrive with UPLIFT Desk,


new Year, new gutters. Because if I'm investing in one thing this year, it's protecting what matters most to my family, which is our new home. And so Whether you are tired of unclogging gutters, or don't even know what your gutters look like, that's me. The latter. It's time for you to find a permanent solution that you can depend on with Leaf filter. Leaf Filter is a hassle-free way to protect your home all year long. You just schedule a free inspection@leaffilter.com slash midas, L-E-F-F-I-R r.com/midas. Look, I am a low maintenance kind of homeowner. My skillset is I can make these videos. I'm a professor at a law school, but when it comes to cleaning those gutters, I need professional help. And I know those cloud gutters are more than just a nuisance to me. They cause extensive water damage and I need to protect my home against flooding, roof damage, rotting siding, foundation issues and more. And I just don't know what in the world I'm doing. So every installation from Leaf Filter, it comes with a lifetime no clog guarantee. It uses award-winning patented technology. So just do it. Look, call today, schedule your free gutter inspection like I did. Get a no obligation free estimate, a leaf filter Trusted Pro will clean out, realign and seal your gutters before installing Leaf filter. Over 1 million homeowners, including me, have trusted leaf filters. So protect your home and never clean out gutters again with Leaf filter America's number one gutter protection system. Schedule your free inspection, Get up to 30% off, 30% off your entire purchase@leaffilter.com slash midas. That's a free inspection and up to 30% off at l AF filter.com/midas Sea representative for warranty details.


Yeah, thanks to our pro-democracy sponsors right there. The links to the discount codes are in the description below. Brett, let's talk about the international resistance. Prime Minister Trudeau, who's basically at this point, a very popular wartime president in Canada, because Donald Trump's using the words of annexation. And Prime Minister Trudeau has stepped up to the challenge, even as he passes the baton to the next leadership in the liberal party in Canada, who by the way, you know, the liberal party's gaining a lot of momentum right now because on the Conservative party you had people like PP Pierre pev who had been MAGA maple.


How, How dumb do those people look right now? Imagine putting all your chips in the Trump basket thinking you could cozy up to him and that it would end well for you. But as the saying goes, everything Trump touches dies. You have all those conservatives in Canada right now with egg on their face and they are rushing, most of them at least rushing to get away from the Trump stench and to try to join with Trudeau and others in order to unite because they realize, oh crap, now we look weak, we look weak because we wanna give our sovereignty up to Donald Trump. We want to, we're gonna sell out our country to Donald Trump. I guess other than what Danielle Smith in Alberta, everybody else has, has basically gotten on board with this.


And it's just such a betrayal, honestly, by those people to, to, to Canada to do that. I, I truly wonder, I wonder if there's been, I'm sure there've been polls if if those, if that vote was held today, would Trudeau remain as, as Prime Minister? I bet he would. It's interesting, you know, I've seen a lot of polls showing that the liberal party may be able to end up prevailing after the next snap elections and be able to form a government which nobody thought possible. Yeah. Before. Also, our Alberta fans want me to be very clear that it's Alberta, not Alberta. You American Prime Minister, Justin. We do, We do our best. We got, we got, we got, we got America and we got the United States, and we got our New York accents and we got whatever kind of oddly shifted from us living in California.


So we got a whole mishmash stuff. So, so, so, so bear with us Prime Minister Trudeau saying not a snowballs chance in hell will Canada become a 51st state? Let's play it. I've said unequivocally from the beginning, there's not a snowballs chance in hell that Canada will ever be the 51st state. He is again, talking about Donald Trump's threats of annexation and conquest to conquer Canada. Play this clip. You previously said that it's a real thing that Trump wants to annex Canada. How serious or urgent would you classify that threat? Let's be very clear. Conversations around a 54th state are a non-starter.


It's never gonna happen. But we have to take seriously what the president is saying and fold that into our thinking as we continue to stand up for Canada. Among the many reasons why Donald Trump is just a very stupid individual as he views that as weakness. Let's be clear, as our Canadian fans and friends and almost become like family at this point, say, look, we're very nice in Canada, but once you push us a certain level, we are going over the boards. Okay? Don't mistake our kindness for our inability to punch you in the face when we want to.


And If you look at the history of Canada fighting in wars, when Canada fights, Canada wins, and as I've always said, American foreign policy used to be rooted in this concept of walking soft or speaking soft and carrying a big stick, not walking like a maniac, but ultimately being weak at the end. It's been an inversion of what this American policy should be. And so Trump looks at these bloviating strong men, these Kim Jong-un's and these, you know, the, the, the guy Victor Orban and Javier Malaise and people like that who were loud and obnoxious, whose populations by the way are suffering and Trump views that as strength, when in reality strength is being deliberative, reflective.


And when you need to punch somebody in the face, you freaking knock 'em out. And that's what Trump never really understood or he did understand, but he's an idiot and he prefers, he's in the image of everything America, you know, wasn't, and again, shame on spineless Republicans and shame on everybody who's, who's enabled this. Let's go to former British Prime Minister Boris Johnson. Oh, you know, let's, I'm, I'm, I'm not a big fan of, but he said something witty here every now and then Here. Let's, let's play this clip if we got him, Brett. Yeah, I was, I I actually happened to be giving a speech in Florida the other day and I looked at the beach at at at Mar Largo and I thought this absolutely fantastic place If you wanted to resettle, you know, millions of people from, from the Middle East, absolutely beautiful.


Lots of, lots of space here, but it's not gonna happen because somebody else owns it. And Gaza is in, in law, right? Owned and occupied by, by people who have a right to be there. So that, that is not going to happen. But it's destabilizing to suggest it when you've got, for example, king Abdullah. Yeah, you've got the Egyptians and you are threatening aid. Whether or not this is just open thought, let's have a, let's have a wonderful thought about what might happen. It's destabilizing. Well, but what Hamas did, frankly was destabilizing. So the Egyptian president, Al Sissy, says he's not going to go to Washington DC and sit with Donald Trump the way King Abdullah of Jordan did, where Donald Trump talked about conquering Gaza or, and occupying it.


And King Abdullah had to like, sit there and just be like, oh, we will, we will have chats further. And you could see, you know, king Abdullah, like literally grimacing, as Donald Trump was saying, these things that Abdullah knows back in the Middle East, that could cause like a coup in that, like a violent coup, you know? And, and Abdullah's life could be jeopardized by him, even entertaining, you know, some of these ideas. So let's take a look at Emmanuel Macron, the president of France. What he had to say, let's play It today. I mean, in humanitarian situation. So we have the ceasefire, we have to preserve it. We have to restore humanitarian operations and to, we have to save maximum number of people.


But now the right answer is not a real estate operation, this is a political operation just because this is not a free land. This is a place where 2 million people live and want to live. And just because international rights and a lot of treaties and agreements we negotiated, and even the US did recognize this rights. So you cannot say to 2 million people, okay, now guess what? You will move. So the whole story of humanity is made of tiny part of places where even less than 2 million people were ready to go till, till the end because they wanted just to stay. So I, I think we, we have to, to stick to our principles sometimes in this world, you, you have the feeling to be so old fashioned when you speak about principles.


Yeah. And just so I want to be clear what the international resistance is looking like, what's forming with America, being this isolated pariah country, kind of like a North Korea, but even North Korea has some allies, at least in its region, like North Korea's least allied with like Russia and China to some extent. Like Donald Trump attacks Mexico and, and, and Canada. And really they're just kind of in a holding pattern as they're trying to figure out which alliances they're going to form with America now being this, you know, pariah state. So you have that going on.


You have the federal judiciary, and then you have what's, you know, what's growing is, you know, despite corporate media trying to, again, as we're experiencing this, lie to us and gaslight us and you know, pretend that, you know, oh, things are just fine and normal. And this is just crazy. You know, politics is crazy. No, no, no. This is a coup, this is authoritarianism. It's here, it's not, will it be here? And, you know, people are being pushed to a point where I think, especially as the weather starts getting a little better, you'll start also seeing as naturally happens in movements like this, I think you're gonna start to see the scale and scope of protests get larger, especially as a lot of the things that we're seeing.


The, the impact isn't going to be felt the day after or even a week after. But when you start adding up the economic data and you start seeing inflation go up, up, up, up, up in the wrong way, Trump will always make the wrong decisions in response to those things and make the things worse. You're gonna see all this showing up, the Canadian boycott, the tariffs, the instability. You know, you, you, you, you, you're going to see that, yeah. You know, the stock market's up the, the level of instability in the market right now, it's, it's like the wild, wild west of just up, days down, days up, you know?


And, and, and I think I saw the small business index has never been more volatile in the history of it. You know that than, than it is right now. And you know what it's like everyday Trump wakes up and talks about tariff, this tariff that taring, this taring that what he set a deadline for, for Hamas, that if Hamas doesn't return all of the hostages, he's going to unleash hell on Saturday. Which by the way, is, is a holy day for the Jews in Israel as well. But that's the day Trump picked. 'cause he goes, why else? I'll just make it on a, on a Saturday. But you've already just said, no matter what, you're going to ethnically cleanse Palestine and you're gonna force the people out and you're not gonna let them ever return and go back.


So you've made a ceasefire less stable. You've placed a hostages lives at risk. You've disincentivized the counterparty to the negotiation of, of, of cooperating. Because even once they cooperate, you say you're going to do the same thing you're gonna do if they don't cooperate. So that's the, that's the status of, of where we're at there, Brett. Yeah, no, it's chaos every day. People are gonna get screwed as the world unites against us. But, you know, I think one of the interesting things is to see this, If you wanna use the word resistance, resistance forming that's not just in Europe, but also amongst kind of governors in the United States.


We are seeing kind of prosecutors, we are seeing various legal groups throughout the United States, and I feel like a lot of the countering of Donald Trump's autocratic movements are going to have to be in the courts. They're going to have to be these judges, whether they are Trump appointed, bush appointed, Reagan appointed, Biden appointed, Obama appointed. I don't care who appointed you. Those are the people in the safest positions. It's gonna be up to them to uphold our laws. That's why Elon Musk and Donald Trump are trying to destroy the judiciary. That's why they're making these threats. That's why they're saying that they wanna impeach these justices.


They want a world where they could just operate and do what they want without any repercussions. They are systematically destroying the United States. The very fabric of our government. And I wanna remind everybody too, it's a lot easier to destroy than it is to build. It's easy to tear things down. It's a lot harder to build them back up. And so at the end of the day, if we're able to get out from under this, and I think we will be able to, it's going to be going to be very hard to repair the damage and it's going to be a very lengthy process. But for now, we need to stem the bleeding. We need to work with all those out there, our true allies to push back. And whether those allies are here in the United States in the court, whether they're people in our Congress, whether they are international leaders or our friends internationally, we need to all unite as a pro-democracy movement to fight back against what we are seeing here.


And it's great seeing those instances of, of people fighting back. And there are some dems now also stepping up, you know, doing some good things. I think Chris Murphy's been a very effective voice. I think Dan Goldman has been very effective. I think Jasmine Crockett's been great. I think there are a lot of folks out there right now who are pushing back. Let's continue to put those people on the front lines of this movement and have them unleash everything that they could possibly unleash right now to protect us, because people are afraid, rightfully so. This is a totally illegal encroachment on all of our personal rights. The party that likes to dub itself, the party of small government is now leading the charge of the biggest government imaginable, the biggest big government takeover of our systems imaginable, destroying our checks and our balances in the process.


And so we need to fight back and we need to make it clear. Yeah, I saw, even to your point, Brett, during the confirmation hearing of Linda McMahon, the WWE co-founder, along with her husband, she and he are both under, And there were some investigations regarding sexual harassment coverups there as well. Her role as Donald Trump said, as the Secretary of Education is to destroy the Department of Education. Literally, Trump said the goal, goal is to destroy it. But one of the things she said in our confirmation hearing on Thursday, which deserves to get more attention, is, is that she would like to see the government examine the different clubs that are at schools. So if there are schools that have Vietnamese clubs or African American clubs or Asian clubs or clubs that are built around kind of helping minorities or marginalized groups, you know, just through the process that that would subject the school to losing their federal funding.


And she said she'd like to investigate, use the government to investigate what it is that those clubs are doing, to which senator Chris Murphy says, I find that astonishing, that that's how you want to use the government to see what the African American Club is doing or what, or what's being taught in African American studies. So I just wanted to bring that up as, as well. I wanna say this too. We're gonna be by your side every step of the way, okay? As I've said before, until they rip this microphone from my hand, we will never obey. We will never kiss the ring, okay? I want to be very clear about that. And we will be fighting by your side, especially as the protests start to pick up, especially as the international resistance starts to pick up.


As corporate media fails us more and more. We will be here each and every day providing a robust coverage of the news to you and making sure that you have all of the facts. We're not scared here at the Midas Touch Network. We understand what our obligations are to this country and to the world in this moment right now. And we are going to meet this moment with you each and every single day. I want to thank you all so much for watching this episode. A reminder next Thursday, we will be hosting our live patreon.com/midas touch our our live Zoom meeting.


It's an exclusive Zoom meeting for our patrons. It's a fun way we try to get to meet you. We get to see your face, and also when you become a member of Patreon, when you become a patron and helps grow our independent platform, remember to check out midas plus.com as well, M-E-I-D-A-S-P-L-U s.com. Don't forget to check out our Pro-Democracy sponsors all of those great discounts that Jordy negotiates with them, and we use all of those sponsors, and Jordy spends a long time with those sponsors, vetting them. The discount codes are in the description below. Make sure you subscribe not just on YouTube, but also to our audio. So audio listeners, be on YouTube.


YouTube listeners, subscribe to our audio. Keep us at the top of all of the charts and remember to keep checking in throughout the day on the Midas Touch YouTube channel as we have new videos every 90 minutes or sometimes even every hour, giving you updates that we think you need to hear. Thank you all so much. Have a wonderful day. And as Jordy would say, shout out to the Midas mighty The Love this video.


Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 750,000 followers.