
Subtle results. Still you, but with fewer lines. Botox cosmetic, outa botulinum toxin A is a prescription medicine used to temporarily make moderate to severe frown lines. Crow's feet and forehead lines look better in adults. Effects of Botox cosmetic may spread hours to weeks after injection causing serious symptoms. Alert your doctor right away has difficulty swallowing speaking. Breathing, eye problems or muscle weakness may be a sign of a life-threatening condition. Patients with these conditions before injection are at highest risk. Don't receive Botox cosmetic if you have a skin infection. Side effects may include allergic reactions, injection site pain, headache eyebrow and eyelid drooping and eyelid swelling. Allergic reactions can include rash, welts, asthma symptoms, and dizziness. Tell your doctor about medical history, muscle or nerve conditions, including a LS or Lou Gehrig's Disease, myasthenia Gravis or Lambert Eden Syndrome and medications, including botulinum toxins, as these may increase the risk of serious side effects. For full safety information, visit botox cosmetic.com or call 8 7 7 3 5 1 0 3 0 0. See for yourself@botoxcosmetic.com.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply.


I am so excited for the spa day candles. Lip music on hot tub, warm and ready. Ah, and then my chronic hives come back again in the middle of my spa day. What a wet blanket looks like another spell of itchy red skin. If you have chronic spontaneous urticaria or CSU, there is a different treatment option hives during my next spa day. Not if I can help it learn more@treatmyhives.com.


Donald Trump accepting $400 million gifts in the form of a 7 47 jet from Qatar. Donald Trump brags about it and says that this is a great thing for America. In my opinion, it is a unlawful thing that should be talked about in the proper context. We will do that here on the Midas Touch Network. Also, Donald Trump fully caves and capitulates to China in front of the world. Donald Trump is trying to parade out what took place in Switzerland as a deal, but it really was a consensus for the total retreat, or almost total retreat and withdrawal by the United States in their trade war against China in the two quote unquote deals that we've seen so far.


One with the United Kingdom where Donald Trump essentially giving special carve outs to Rolls Royce and Landover Land Rover while taxing the United States and actually not doing a deal. And this China capitulation. I think that Donald Trump may not be a good deal maker and not know what he's doing, but we'll talk about that here as well. Donald Trump needed a new distraction after accepting a $400 million gift from Qatar and caving to China. So Donald Trump rolled out via executive order what he claims to be a new healthcare plan, but with all things Donald Trump, it is a scam.


It's just him posting all caps and then not caps and then run on sentences that he's signing an executive order that he says is gonna lower prices. 30%, 50%, 80%, who knows even 90% on prescription drug prices and healthcare costs via an unlawful executive order while the MAGA Republicans are the ones who have been blocking the reductions to prescription drug prices and the ability of the government to negotiate in the private healthcare market. The same way former President Biden fought to have the government negotiate across Medicare. So we should talk about what Trump is really doing here, which is actually likely gonna lead to healthcare costs rising.


But for Donald Trump, it's just another scam. I'm gonna bring your healthcare costs down 80%. I'm gonna do such a good work with tariffs that I'm going to. You're not even gonna need to have taxes anymore. Everyone's just gonna be so rich. It's why we call this the Ponzi scheme presidency. The Rug Bull presidency look no further than Donald Trump's own company because what may have been missed with all of these whack-a-mole stories that are taking place, Trump media reported to these securities and exchange commissions, that it has material weaknesses in its own accounting procedures such that the reliability of its own accounting submitted publicly may not be relied upon potentially because of its conduct.


Also, I think for the first quarter, Trump Media, which runs truth social lost what like 29, 30 $2 million, something in that range and then only made 800,000 in actual revenue, brought in 800,000 in revenue for the first quarter. I just want you to think about that. Your local deli probably does about the same revenue as Trump's company and it certainly ain't losing $29 million. And then we should talk about all these Mago Republicans from this weekend trying to, I don't know, justify the fact that Donald Trump wants to get rid of habeas corpus and destroy the Constitution.


And they're saying, oh, this is so brilliant. And the MAGA Republicans parroting Donald Trump's lines that tariffs are gonna be so great. But now they have to like reverse that and say, tariffs are actually really bad and you should have one doll and you should only have one pencil little girls while Donald Trump gets $400 million gifts from Qatar. We're gonna break it all down. I think the American people understand what's up. I'm reporting from New York with my brother Brett and with Jordy. There he is. We're here for the Webbys this evening. I want to give everybody a heads up in case major news breaks while we're at the event that we have to prerecord this 'cause we're gonna be at the Webby event during the time of our normal recording.


So we're trying to capture everything that's occurred today up until this point. And I think it'll be a very, very, very comprehensive show. But I wanted to flag that. Brett Jordy, how you doing? We're doing great. It's great to be here with everybody. It's great to be with you brothers here in person in New York City for the Webby Awards. And I wanna apologize upfront in case the quality isn't quite a hundred percent this episode. We are at the whims of the hotel wifi. Jordy is sharing a space with me right here. Ben is a couple floors up. So we are doing our best folks, but we got a lot of information to bring to you. We are so excited to speak with you about all the latest updates. We're so excited for the web awards tonight. It should be a super cool and I just wanna once again, thank everybody for this because this obviously could not happen without any of you.


And, and so for those who don't know, we have been awarded Webby podcast of the year. Like of all podcasts. I'm still kind of, I still kind of think it's a prank until we go on stage and accept this thing. I still kind of think it's a big joke that people are pulling on me. But this has been very cool and you and you guys should be able to watch. Actually, if you're watching this live, I think you could probably watch that live right after, I believe it's watch dot webby awards.com. You could check out the Webbys tonight if you're watching this live with us. Or you could watch the clips if you're listening to this on audio. If you're not listening on audio, by the way, make sure you check it out on the Midas Touch podcast. On Apple podcast and Spotify. We've had a, we've had a busy few days here this morning. We also did Katie Kirk's podcast this morning that's gonna be released this Thursday.


So make sure you look up her show and, and look forward to her. Our interview on her show. We had a really nice time in studio, the first in studio interview that we've ever done as brothers, as crazy as that is in the five years of, of Midas Touch. So check that out. Big moment Thursday. Katie Kirk's podcast. Make sure you check it out. Jordy, what's the latest with your own. Super excited. Hey everybody gonna be a great episode tonight, Katie with the exclusive, the three brothers in studio the very first time. This is very cool. You say in the five years we've never all actually done interview together. I don't know what would've led us to doing an interview with someone prior to what we Well, I was thinking of the context of like, You know, a reason why we have to Yeah, no, it makes sense.


Can't wait for tonight's show. Where do you wanna start off Benji, let's talk about Qatar. 'cause it's probably the least thing that Donald Trump wants to talk about. So let me put that first, because when we talk about what went down in China, it's not a deal. Okay? And there's a reason that China isn't calling it a deal. It's a statement, it's a consensus where the US is retreating and is withdrawing 145% tariffs. And when you add up all the ridiculous things that are still there, the US is gonna be imposing a tariff on 30 of 30%, which is basically a tax on our own people.


And China's like, okay, we'll only tax our own people 10%, so we, we'll reduce ours to 10%. Okay, there, okay there Donald, that's the great, great art of the deal right there. And then other than that as the consensus, there's then discussions to discuss further. There's not a trade deal, it's not some sort of comprehensive document. It's literally Trump after saying that he's gonna make everybody so rich that you're not gonna need to pay income taxes. Just basically taking them off the table and then show or or removing the tariffs and then basically showing yet once again, he will always back down to pressure and you can't take anything he says seriously at all.


And that he has no plan. And it's just, You know, him and market manipulation and just being, You know, arbitrary. When I watch this, I don't know if you feel the same way, part of me feels like I'm going insane the way some of the media reports on this. Just the way they're like, we have a deal folks. I'm like, what deal? What deal do we have? He lit the fire and now we put out some of the fire. And you're calling that a deal. I, I truthfully don't understand this concept where you reward the arsonist with praise when he just kind of puts out some of the fire and doesn't actually get anything in return. I mean, remember the various promises, Ben, that you were just breaking down that he made to the American people with these tariffs, all the lies, all the scams, were gonna get rich.


There's gonna be no more income tax anymore. Manufacturing's gonna be rushing our way, everything's gonna be great. Meanwhile, what happened? We had shortages at the ports. We had no ships coming in. We had a bond market in crisis. We had stocks in crisis. Donald Trump panicking, reacting to all that news, begging every single day China to come to the table with him. And finally he gives president G everything that G wants. And then we're supposed to act like this is some sort of genius deal making like masterclass. I mean, give me a goddamn break here. It's unbelievably the deal. Go. I mean that's why Ben, that's why you accurately describe, describe it as the Ponzi scheme presidency Yeah. And all of this stuff because, You know, it's Ponzi scheme here, Ponzi scheme there.


And who gets rich in the Ponzi scheme, You know, the Ponzi schemer until they ultimately, You know, You know, get busted, right? And so we'll, we'll get back to, we'll get back to the China cave in in a moment, but, You know, let's talk about cutter here before talking about the Jet 7 47 aircraft that's gonna be gifted to Donald Trump and then Trump his own personal library, which basically, I'm not sure how you gift a plane to a, an active plane to a library, which means Yeah, libraries don't fly planes. We could all, we could all agree libraries don't fly planes, right? The the the person can fly plane.


Exactly. So it's basically a gift to Donald Trump. I mean, this thing's got gold plated walls, golden toilet bowls, golden beds, You know, and it's one of those things that, You know, Trump probably said to the Amir, You know, I like this, I want that. And you, you gotta, you gotta gimme one of those. And obviously there's quid, there's a quid pro quo, You know, aspect to this. So Trump is, You know, one of the evidences of that is Trump's traveling to the Middle East and he's gonna be meeting with Qatar, he's gonna be meeting with Saudi Arabia, he's gonna be meeting with United Arab Emirates. And Trump has multiple deals with the sovereign wealth funds from these countries.


Trump resorts in Qatar, in addition to the airplane Trump resorts in Oman that's being built by the Saudi Arabian Sovereign Wealth Fund. The Abu Dhabi Sovereign Wealth Fund is using the Trump crypto as one of its kind of major forms of currency for its transactions, which kicks back fees to Donald Trump as that kind of crypto is being used as kind of one of the forms of currency. And it props up, You know, one of these Trump ventures, You know, is not to mention all the other grifts they're doing, like Don Jr creating a club called the Executive branch with the Crypto Czar while Abu Dhabi is using the Trump crypto, it costs $500,000 to be a member of this club.


And as we've seen with all of these clubs and exclusive whatever, Trump gives these people preferential access to him. I mean, look, Donald Trump is selling access. Can pause for a second. He's calling it the executive branch. Like all this talk over the past few years, all this sort of, it was, it was Hunter Biden selling access even though like all, all that crap that was going on. And Donald Trump Jr. Is running a grif that he literally calls the executive branch. I just need that to sit in, in people's brains just for one second. Sorry, I had to, had to point it out. Well and not a peep do you really hear right? I I keep bringing it up because I don't want to lose these threads, You know, which are actually massive scams and scandals, You know, which, You know, which in our current environment are no longer reported.


I, I'll give Dan Goldman Congress member Goldman credit 'cause he kind of checked me on something that I was saying and he was right about this. And it's an important point, You know, to admit when I was wrong, I wasn't trying to be wrong, but one of the things I said to Congress member Goldman, is I said, look, when the Democrats win in 2026, You know, these got, this has to be, you're gonna be doing a lot of investigation goes bend, bend, bend. Let me just be very clear here though. Yes, of course. But why is it all of a sudden that the Democrats have to be the ones to look into this, the account. He's so right. The accountability structure Right now needs to be focused on why the hell aren't Republicans looking into this? You know, there's still a Congress.


And so why is it that when you have an authoritarian and when you have a political party that gives away all of its co-equal branch authority, is it therefore just accepted that they get to play by a different set of rules and then someone like former President Biden or someone like Obama gets held to a standard where if you are wearing the, a colored suit that doesn't satisfy the media, that becomes a massive week long scandal and you are held to a completely different standard Congress member. Goldman was so right about that, and by the way, he was on the episode this morning, we were doing one of the episodes where we were talking about the Epstein files and the fact that, and we cover this relentlessly here on the Midas Dutch network, that there seems to be a concerted coverup by Pam Bondi and the White House to not release these files after claiming they were going to release it.


It was an exclusive we got here at the Midas Touch Network. And as you all know, I'm proud of all of the exclusives that we've been breaking here on the Midas Touch Networks, exclusives like that, and a major exclusive, whether it was the Virginia Governor's race, the governor's race in New Mexico, where some of our reporting has really been major, major, played a major impact in those elections. Anyway, I, I, I digress. Let me, let me get back though, to talking about, You know, the, the influence and, and, and the Cutter jet. So we talked about all these other Mideast Sovereign Wealth Fund contributions to Donald Trump. Well now we're talking about a $400 million jet.


My guess though, first off, is that that $400 million is less than it's, I would say that it's probably somewhere in the range of $1.5 billion. Why do I say that? Because they lie about everything, number one. And number two, it's gold plated, this gold plated, that gold plated everything. You know? And if You know, like what a gold, You know, and, and I believe with Cutter it's probably real gold, not Trump fake gold, You know, like the fake gold he has all over the Oval Office. I think with Cutter, they probably have real gold on, You know, You know, thinking what that royal family does. So I think it's probably more like 1.2 billion.


The baseline of that jet is whatever, and it's, it's given to Trump to then go to his library. So it's basically for Trump's personal use. Come on. And I don't just wanna talk about it like how bad that is, but I wanna talk about it at the sa I think we always have to contextualize it, right? Prices are not going down Right now. Inflation is going up, housing is not more affordable Right now. Americans are struggling while Trump lies is we've solved everything, everything is great. So while American people are suffering, can't afford homes, Trump defrauded everybody. The Ponzi schemer, what's he doing?


He's taking 400 million to $1.2 billion private jets for himself. And then he's saying that this is a great thing for America. But I wanna remind everybody here, there's a reason why the Boeing jet that was being designed to be the next Air Force one was not yet completed. It's because they had to redesign the whole plane to ensure that it had proper security features in Air Force One, it's one of the reasons why it's been delayed a little bit throughout this process. And so Trump's solve to this process is apparently now to get a jet from Qatar that doesn't have any of that security, that doesn't solve that issue, that's now going to be a national security issue in addition to a blatant corruption bribery issue that we are seeing.


Just none of it makes sense. And if you notice, You know, Trump also, what's his like, big line, right? America first, his whole thing is we're gonna take on the globalist, the this and the that, that Donald Trump always appears to be the biggest globalist in one situation. That's when it benefits himself. If it benefits Donald Trump, he's doing deals with the Saudis, he's doing deals with the Q guitarists, he's not doing deals for you, he's doing deals for himself. How could this help me? How could this help my rich buddies? How could I manipulate the market to help my friends? That's Donald Trump's brand of globalism that we're seeing. It's not for the American people. It's how could he put more money in his pocket? And and to that point, exactly. Brett, what's Trump's defense when pressed on this? I would be a stupid person if I said no.


That's, it's literally what he said. I I, I'd be like a stupid person if I said No, it's not, it's not about you, Donnie. It's not about you. So, but think about it too, like even Brett, the, You know, you ran, you mentioned some Middle East nations, but think about the deal with the UK United Kingdom, right? What was, who did Trump's deal benefit? Jaguar Rolls Royce and Land Rover over Amer over American manufacturers Right now, Jaguar Land Rover and Rolls Royce have a better deal than General Motors, Ford and Stellantis.


I just want you to think about that. That was Trump's first move was helping luxury cars from the UK over American manufacturer. I mean, just, just look at it, look at it like that. Jordy, to your point right there, Donald Trump held a press conference and he was asked by a reporter, what do you have to say to people who view that luxury jet as a personal gift to you? I'm surprised it doesn't even have to be phrased like that. Like the, the people who are saying that are accurately, like it is a gift to him that that is what it is. It is a gift to Donald Trump. Not a gift to, if any, if if it's anything to our defense department, it is a Trojan horse. You know, it is the perfect way for a foreign company to harm our defense department if we're going to be accepting a foreign made Air Force one far made Air Force one.


What are we talking about here? Play this clip. It's gonna be very interesting Mr. President, what does it say to people who view that luxury jet as a personal gift to you? Why not leave it behind Your a, b, c fake news, right? Why not? It's only only A, B, C. Well, a few of you would. Let me tell you, you should be embarrassed to asking that question. They're giving us a free jet. I could say, no, no, no, don't give us, I want to pay you a billion or 400 million or whatever it is. Or I could say thank you very much. You know, there was an old golfer named Sam Snead. Did you ever hear you won 82 terms tournament? He was a great golfer and he had a motto when they give you a putt, you say, thank you very much.


You pick up your ball and you walk to the next hole. A lot of people are stupid. They say, no, no, I insist start putting it. Then they put it and they miss it and their partner gets angry at him. You know what? Remember that Sam Steed, when they give you a putt, you pick it up and you walk to the next hole and you say, thank you very much. When Qatar is behind funding for Hamas gives you a putter. You say, thank you, you are the United States of America. Your Air Force one is now going to be a hand me down gaudy golden jet from the Qatari, Amir, thank you.


That's what America's supposed to be proud of today. That's, that's the new talking point. Now that all these maga mush brain losers in Congress and the senate are, are, are going to have to do. We are so great. We got the hand me downs from Qatar, me to Donald Trump instead of our own Air Force. One, when we're the United States of America here, by the way, Donald Trump continues on that path and says, I could be a stupid person and say, we don't want a free plane here, watch this And it's gonna be a while before we get 'em. And I think Qatar, who has really, we've helped them a lot over the years in terms of security and safety, I felt they, I think they and very, very nicely, and I have a lot of respect for the leadership and for the leader Qatar.


And I think they very nice. They knew about it because they buy Boeings, they buy a lot of Boeings and they knew about it. And they said, we would like to do something and if we can get a 7 47 as a contribution to our defense department to use during a couple of years while they're building the other ones, I think that was a very nice gesture. Now I could be a stupid person to say, oh no, we don't want a free plane. We give free things out. We'll take one too. And it helps us out because again, we're talking about we have 40-year-old aircraft. The money we spend, the maintenance we spend on those planes to keep 'em tippy top is astronomical.


You wouldn't even believe it. So I think it's a great gesture from Qatar. I appreciate it very much. I would never be one to turn down that kind of an offer. I mean, I could be a stupid person, say, no, we don't want a free, very expensive airplane. But it was, I thought it was a great jet And I just want you to reflect on what he said, right? Boeing, an American manufacturer had sold this jet to Cutter from before then Donald Trump saying that then Cutter then wants to give it. Now that Cutters used it and the Emirs used it, they want to give it back to Donald Trump.


He said something about tippy toppy, tippy toppy. I don't even know what he's even talking about there. The maintenance costs are still going to be the maintenance costs. And if this is going to satisfy just even our defense department criteria, you're going to have to disassemble the entire plane and reassemble it to make sure that it's not bugged. And you are a stupid person to use your language. If you think it's not bugged, if you think that you've got such a great friendship with the emir that they're going to not bug it. You're you, you've got a, you are truly a stupid person.


So now our most private and classified information is going to go into the hands of Qatar and we've just sac, I mean we could talk about the bribe and the gift, but let's also talk about that. He just compromised all of our national security the same way or way worse actually than the fact that they're having conversations on signal about war targets and then they're telling us it's not classified. I wanna take our first quick break of the show. We've got a lot more to discuss, but we have to talk about it in the right context like that because that's what You know, that's what I think sets apart this network and other things.


Like what we said there is how you have to report on it. If you wanna report on it, report on it accurately. All everything I said there was objective facts that wasn't like, I'm not giving you my opinion. Those are the facts. That's what it is. Now after all of that, you may say, I think this is a great deal that he gets the plane. I think that would be ridiculous. But at least you have the facts. Not be all your A, B, C, your fake news. Your fake news. I mean it's ridiculous. Alright, let's take a quick break. When we come back, I want to talk about Trump caving yet again on this China consensus that was reached where basically it's Trump withdrawing. Let's talk about the exclusive that Dan Goldman gave us on the Midas Dutch network.


And let's talk about more. Let's take our first quick break.


Millions of Americans grind or clench their teeth at night and most don't even know that they're doing it. I was one of 'em. If you have jaw pain or headaches after a night's sleep, there's a high chance you grind or clench your teeth. Teeth grinding, also known as bruxism or TMJ, is generally caused by stress and it can cause serious damage such as eroding away your enamel and broken teeth, which leads to expensive dental bills. The solution to protecting your teeth is a mouth guard, but mouth guards from the dentist can cost you around $500 to $800. The good news is that there's Remi. Remi makes dental grade professional quality mouth guards without the painful price tag. They're up to 80% cheaper of what you'd pay at the dentist and don't require you to visit a dental office. Remy's process is simple. They send you an at-home impression kit to create molds of your teeth. You send those back to Remi and Remy's dental team will make your custom fit guards and send them right back to you. Remy's guards are so comfortable to wear that. Most customers forget they're even wearing them. Plus, with a 45 night satisfaction guarantee, you can try it, risk free sleep better and decide if it's the perfect fit. If not, Remy's got you covered. Look, I've done the whole Remi process. It's phenomenal. Their team is incredible, the product is perfect. Definitely check it out if you fit this category. Remi is for anyone dealing with nighttime grinding, clenching, or jaw pain, who wants an affordable solution to protect their smile and say goodnight to jaw pain and headaches? Head to shop Remi dot com slash midas and use code Midas to Save up to 50%. That's 50% off at shop RE mi.com/midas. With code Midas give your teeth a break without breaking the bank with Remi. Thank you Remi for sponsoring this episode.


We live in an environment that our biology was never designed for. EMFs, artificial light seed oils, microplastics, endocrine disruptors, chronic stress. Now these modern assaults, they disrupt our cellular signaling negatively impacting gut health and accelerating aging armor, colostrum, revive, cellular signaling, bolstering our health from within to defend against everyday threats. Colostrum is nature's first whole food with over 400 bioactive nutrients that work at the cellular level to reactivate your body's innate capacity to regenerate and thrive. Are you ready to reclaim your health? Look, I love arm colostrum. I know you will too. It has helped me so much. We've worked out a special offer for our audience. Receive 15% off your first order, go to try Armra dot com slash midas or enter Midas to get 15% off your first order. That's T-R-Y-A-R mra.com/midas. Try Armra dot com slash midas. Let's go.


Shout out to our sponsors links in descriptions of both the audio and the YouTube. Click the links, use our codes, let them know we sent you real quick, if you're just joining us, we are in New York for the Webby Awards. We won podcast of the year thanks to y'all. Seriously, thanks to you guys. You guys made that possible. If you're not already, please subscribe to the audio version of the Midas Touch podcast. It's super helpful and it's the whole reason why we got here in the first place. Over break, Ben, I was thinking like, I like this situation's interesting 'cause I feel like time and time again when we do these trips, like I, me, Brett and I are usually the ones recording together and you get your own fancy room. So just gonna put that out there. And then the other thing is, I was thinking Brett's Terry Moran me a little bit Right now, right?


A little forced perception. Brett, up front me like way in the back over here. A little force perception here by Bert. Thank have to explain to our viewers what you mean by that. In the Terry Moran interview with Donald Trump on a BC, Terry Moran looked like he was a giant and Trump looked like he was very, very small. And then I had to look up how tall Terry Moran is. I'm like, is this guy six nine or six 10? And he was like 5 9, 5 10. And so they made the, the A, B, C just kind of made Moran look so much bigger based on the angles that they looked. And it was actually a, I mean I thought he actually did probably among all of the bad interviews I've seen reporters do of Trump, I think his was probably the best one. I'm not gonna say it was a great interview, but he did a pretty decent job.


All right, let's talk about what went down in Switzerland over the weekend at the United States request, because ships were not coming into our ports anymore. The United States met with China in Switzerland to discuss the trade war that the United States initiated against the world, but specifically here against China, where Trump all of a sudden like escalated it from, You know, initially 30% to 50% to 145%. China responded with 125% tariffs, which effectively meant a trading embargo between the United States and China.


There's almost like a $1 trillion annual trading relationship between the US and China. So that was actually devastating to the United States economy. China, if you actually looked at the data, they were able to basically send their goods elsewhere and their economy seemed to actually be increasing despite the propaganda from Trump saying the contrary was happening. So the United States needed a way to deescalate the situation is is how at least it, You know, it appeared to me. And then so they met in Switzerland for two days. And I think the language of the sides tells you a lot about what took place, right?


The United States referring to it as a historical reset, a massive deal. And then our media reflected it that way. The way China talked about it was a consensus that was reached for deescalation, that there will be talks that lead to more talks in the future. But for now, the United States would drop its tariffs from 145% to 30%, which let's be clear, that's a tax on the American importer passed on to the American consumer. And on the other hand, China would drop its tariffs against the United States from 125% to a 10%, essentially a 10% tax on, on its people.


Now if you actually read the wording of the deal itself, which is what I tried with Doge, the the wording of the deal certainly looks, doesn't use the word deal, let me be very clear there. It uses the word consensus. So let me be clear about my language as well. And it says that there's discussions to discuss more, but that the US is going to, You know, that that level that I just discussed, 30% in China is going to 10%. If you just take a look at how China is messaging this at home, they've got like cartoons of Uncle Sam being uppercut by another cartoon image of some, You know, a being that represents tariffs.


And then when you read how China describes the whole situation, let me just share with you what what they're saying so you understand at least how they're messaging this as a major power in the world. The US should act as such in a responsible way. However, the frequent backsliding and want and changes in trade rules of the government have damaged the country's credibility of itself. The US has become an unreliable and fickle player in global economic governance with its strategic credibility and international status being continuously eroded by its shortsighted behavior. The US is trying to curb China's economic development through high tariffs. But the reality is quite the opposite.


The global supply chain has formed an intricate network and China has cultivated irreplaceable advantages in basic manufacturing support industries and labor. The high tariff policy of the US will not be able to hit China, which in turn will seriously damage its own economic interest. China will not succumb to any form of economic coercion and will resolutely defend its legitimate rights and interest in national security through corresponding countermeasures in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and the basic principles of international law. The Chinese government had taken a series of precise countermeasures. Then it goes on to talk about history has long proven the large scale unilateral tariff hikes will only lead to more sanctions list and tit for tat confrontations escalating tensions between the countries.


Now that message is not only intended for the people who live in China, but it's also intended for the rest of the world because one of the big problems that has arisen out of this trade war is that the United States credibility as a, as a stable player, an international trade has been potentially irreparably damaged. As we posted on the Midas touch accounts, social media accounts, we basically said US and China agreed a 90 day pause on new tariffs after shipping to US ports plummeted US tariffs on Chinese imports will be cut from 145% to 30% Chinese tariffs on US.


Imports will be cut from 125% to 10% if tariffs are supposed to result in massive job growth and make the US rich. Why is Trump lowering them? I mean, and then this graphic for our audio listeners as a graphic of Trump saying, I'm adding tariffs. And then his MAGA supporters go, this will create jobs. And Trump goes, I'm removing the tariffs. Then the MAGA supporters go Art of the deal. Then Trump says, I'm adding tariffs. Then the MAGA supporters go, this will create jobs. And then Trump says, I'm removing tariffs. They go, this will be the art of the deal. Donald Trump's been saying that the fact that no ships are coming to our ports is a great sign that America is winning this thing.


He doesn't wanna see the ships coming to our port. He said, he said that we're gonna be taking in so much money on these tariffs from China that we are not even gonna need to have an income tax anymore. Because by the way, even what you just said, there is a contradiction in and of itself. If there are no ships coming in, then we are thereby not receiving any tariff revenue and we are thereby not getting rich as Donald Trump puts it. Everything he says contradicts the next thing he says in this argument. And he keeps kind of just deciding which one he wants to do just based on a whim. He just kind of throws it all out there and hope it sticks even when none of it makes any sense whatsoever.


I give you two data points, one from economics, professor from Michigan University, Justin Wolfers, who says there are two ways to frame this news. One US trade policy and our macroeconomic prospects are much better today than they were yesterday or two US trade policy and our macroeconomic prospects are much worse today than on inauguration day. Both are true. I mean China, China got, you have to understand China got what it wanted out of this deal because China wants to keep its markets open to American, to American products. That's why it's only going to, You know, have a 10% tariff. The US while backing down from 145% is still keeping a 30% tariff, which is going to be high.


And that is going to be passed on to consumers and businesses are going to use this as a pretext as well to raise prices to try to increase their profits as well. Let me tell you how Charles Gasparino a Fox host or a Fox business writer, New York post writer as well. Here's what he says. Breaking Trump raised tariffs on the world. The markets, particularly the bond market, which we need to finance our debt Rebelled Trump then was forced to back off end of story. He goes on to say basically the same and, and what was Trump talking about today? Trump says that we like, what did we, I mean, I mean this seriously, what did we get from China?


I, I asked the question on social media. I said, what, what is it that we got from this deal? Let me know. I mean, for real, if I'm missing something, then all the Magna people, Brett, who literally are right out of central casting from the meme that you created, like we redid the trade deal. Like no, no, we didn't. There was literally nothing that changed. The only thing that Donald Trump can point to is he says that he believes that there will be less fentanyl coming in from China. And he says, I take them at their word, what, what, whatever, whatever that means. I take them at their word, play this clip of Trump saying that from today. But, so that's a very important subject to me.


'cause I've, everybody in this room has lost friends or people that have family members that have died of fentanyl. So there's a big incentive for China to stop and I take them at their word. They're gonna work on that I think very hard. By the way, last week Donald Trump said that he took the Houthis at their word and praised their bravery and basically shouted them out nicer than you've ever heard him talk about Ukraine or Canada or Europe or any of our actual allies. I take the Houthis at the what take. Who takes the Houthis at their word? By the way, that was barely a story as well.


I did a whole video here on the Midas Touch network. But what Trump did, there also is part of his predatory behavior as we'll. Soon talk about the healthcare costs. Trump recognizes that fentanyl is a major issue. We all, it's true that we probably all have someone in our family or someone who's a friend or someone that we know who's died of a fentanyl overdose or who's died of opioids and who's been, or whose life has been severely harmed. So Trump, he, this is what he knows, he knows it's a bad deal. So he uses fentanyl as a way to pull on the heartstrings and lie to people that he's extracted some benefit that's going to result in less fentanyl coming in.


And there's nothing in the deal or or lack of a deal. There's nothing in the consensus in the joint statement that says anything like that at all. And let me all let just, and I just wanna remind everybody, say, say, You know, none of this happened, right? Reset, like, let's go back months from now or months ago. And Donald Trump comes out today and he announces the exact parameters of this deal. We are increasing tariffs by 30% on China. China has increased tariffs on us. It would be like pandemonium, You know, it would be like the Liberation Day disaster so-called, You know, th that this is just going back to that, You know, these are the tariffs that the tariffs that have been rolled back aren't even those tariffs, the tariffs that have been rolled back are the additional ones when Donald Trump threw a tantrum because China decided to actually stick up for themselves after Donald Trump attacked them with these various tariffs.


So you gotta put it in perspective too, because when all, when, when you have media and when you have Trump and all the MAGA people try to claim this as some sort of major victory, we're not even back to zero. We're still above where they were today. That's why the Wolfers tweet that we showed before Ben, his statements, You know, were were so on point because You know, he, he shows that literally we are still in a much worse place than we were since the inauguration. This is still devastating for American families, for American workers, for American consumers. This is still leading us on a path where we are very likely to enter a recession. Not to mention the fact you can't exactly just unwind all this stuff that Donald Trump did overnight.


Remember the port orders, the orders that we are seeing of the ships, the freight coming into the ports across the country, whether it be Los Angeles or Seattle or you name it, those are already set in stone Right now. That's already happening Right now as we speak. Dock workers are being fired Right now as we speak. The shortages are happening Right now as we speak. And just because Donald Trump rolled these tariffs back does not mean all of that is even fixed tomorrow. Not to mention the uncertainty that this also puts into the entire economy. Not to mention the fact that say you were even war. Say you're the biggest Trump supporting business on the planet and you go, oh, he's putting in these tariffs.


I'm going to change my whole business model Right now in order to accommodate these tariffs. I'm gonna try to bring manufacturing here, I'm gonna try to change things around. Donald Trump just screwed you also, you're in the middle of doing all that. Donald Trump just made all that worthless. So how could you make any long-term business decisions at all Right? Now, if you don't know what Donald Trump is going to do, if he's just going to decide on a whim, tariffs on tariffs off, I'm the best. You know, love it. Enjoy your $1, enjoy your Range Rover. You get the, the whole thing is just so insane. And again, the deeper issue too is that the overall brand of America, and this is China's strategic thinking of this.


Now you may not like that you hear, I'm just letting You know what the reality is, what China's thinking about this. China's like, we stood up to them, they withdrew a crazy 145% tariff away. We gave up nothing for it. And we look, this is, and this is what China always wanted. We look like the adult and they look like what people thought China was. We look like America and they look like China. That's what China wanted. And now they're saying that's what China looks like now. And America is looked at as this crazy actor.


And then you may go, well look, You know, so another administration comes back in afterwards and fixes it. The problem is, is that the trauma that this injects on the overall macroeconomics of, of policy is such that the world then says, well how do we know that this country's not gonna bring back in another Trump in eight years from now or four years from now and we're gonna be at this again. So there's short term stuff, but the longer term stuff is how China thinks about things. A civilization that's been around for 5,000 years and they're playing the long game and Trump is playing a game to win the headlines every day.


You know, and, and this may be an example, did Trump win the headlines from corporate media that framed this as a good deal and the markets went up? But the sure but the ink. But the reality is, and why people are not watching corporate news and watching Midas is 'cause people know that's bullshit and people know what they're experiencing and they don't wanna be told by billionaires and oligarchs that what they're experiencing is not real. And we have to live in Trump's make believe reality TV show world when we the people are really suffering and they want people who speak to that and go, I know what's really going on and this is bullshit. What just happened? Market manipulation.


Billionaires made money buying dips and going up and regular people had to drain their five 20 nines and 4 0 1 Ks and pensions 'cause they were really screwed by this. If they even could have that, people can't afford homes, people losing their jobs. Our economy contracted while China's economy's growing. And under former president Biden America was number one in GDP growth in the world with record low unemployment, record, job growth and bringing infrastructure here to the United States. Not to mention we were the number one oil producer and exporter in the world as well. And Right now, after all, by the way, of all of Trump's drill, baby drill, he's also crushing the oil and he's also destroying his, his oil donors, his destroy, You know, so this is systemic issues and this will reemerge.


We gotta take our last quick break of the show. When we come back, I do wanna talk about Trump's scheme and I wanna explain it to you what this most favored nation's healthcare scheme is. And I wanna make sure I call it a scheme 'cause that's what it is. And we'll talk about Goldman and the Epstein files and requesting them. We'll talk about that. Let's take our last quick break of the show.


Did You know if Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US? With thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers? They have all the plants your yard needs, like fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs and so much more. Whatever plants you're interested in. Fast Growing Trees has you covered, find the perfect fit for your climate and space. Fast Growing Trees makes it easy to get your dream yard order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days without ever leaving home. Their live and thrive guarantee ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape, choose the right plants and learn how to care for them. I got a lemon tree from Fast Growing Trees and it's my favorite thing in my yard. I was worried about ordering plants online, but it arrived fresh, strong, and ready to plant. Plus now I get to just walk outside and pick my own citrus. Not to mention, it smells amazing every time I go out. And by the way, big yard, small yard, no yard at all. Doesn't matter. Fast Growing Trees has over 6,000 plants that fit any space. From indoor plants to fruit trees to full-sized privacy trees and more Fast Growing Trees has plant experts on call. So if you're like me and don't have a green thumb, they'll help you choose the right plant and keep it thriving. This spring they have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to our show, get 15% off their first purchase when using the code Midas at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at Fast Growing Trees dot com. Using the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout Fast Growing Trees dot com code Midas Now is the perfect time to plant, use Midas to save today. Offers valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply.


I know that You know that I had some pretty bad allergies. I'd read them in the comments and you said, Ben, you gotta do something about it. So I did. I got Allermi. This podcast is sponsored by Allermi. Are your allergies overwhelming you? Like they were overwhelming me? Allermi has the first and only custom nasal spray to treat your specific symptoms as they treat in mine. Standard meds don't work for everyone and specialists are hard to find accessible, affordable, and effective allergy care from allergy means you are free to do what you love to do all year long without allergies getting in the way. Don't spend another allergy season suffering. After completing a quick online consultation that's reviewed by Allergy's medical team, they will formulate your unique spray. They'll send you a custom allergy kit with a moisturizing saline spray and your custom super spray for fast relief that's tailored to you. One of my favorite parts about being an Erie patient is their app on demand Expert care is very helpful when I need it. Erie's energy kit is so easy to use, just a few sprays and I'm done. Plus they deliver it directly to me. And again, one of the things I like about it too is it's prescription strength. It's FDA approved and it means you get medication that you can trust that really works. I want to just give you our discount code if I can. You head to Allermi dot com and you use the code Midas, you get 60% off your order. Once again, that's Allermi. And then you use our code Midas for 60% off and you'll get the promo code Midas so they know I sent you A-L-L-E-R mi.com. Use the code Midas for 60% off your order, one more time. Allermi dot com A-L-L-E-R mi.com and use the code Midas. Let's go. Let's go.


Shout out to our pro-democracy sponsors right there. The discount codes are in the description below. We've got a few things to cover Right now. Some important stuff as well, including by the way, the tax bill by the MAGA Republicans. I think it's gonna be adding $4 trillion to the debt limit, like the least fiscally responsible people out there. We'll cover that. But first let's talk about what Democratic Congress member Dan Goldman did today. And I think it's, You know, I think this is an important issue. You all know here at the Midas Touch Network that we keep on this story and we've been talking about the Epstein list, which more properly should be talked about as the Epstein files, court documents, videos under seal filings of the co-conspirators.


The people who were involved with with Epstein. There have been prior document dumps years, years ago. Trump's name is in them. Trump's name is in deposition. Transcripts of women. Epstein traffic going to Trump casinos Trump's on Epstein's flight log at least seven times, but it's only a partial release of the flight log. There's Epstein's call list or or Rolodex basically. And Trump's name and like Trump's bodyguards and like various Trump phone numbers are all over Epstein's phone and, and contact list. We know Trump was on, we know Epstein was on Trump's jet, a 14-year-old girl at the Ghislaine Maxwell trial.


She's now, now a woman. But when she was 14, she, she heard she was a Jane Doe at Ghislaine trial said when she was 14 she was introduced to Trump by Ghislaine and Epstein Trump I think is listed as doe. So 1 71 or 1 73 or 1 78 something in the one S one 70 doe, what was it? 1 71, 1 74, 1 74. You know I'm bound to get one, right? But I guess all of them wrong. DOE 1 74 in one of the proceedings. So look, we, we would know, if I was a lawyer on the case, I would say a document request. Gimme every information about DOE 1 74.


Give me all the grand jury testimony from Jane Doe who was 14 years old at the time. Give me like, it would be an easy request to basically find out this stuff. The Trump MAGA world in spreading all of their Epstein conspiracies have been trying to, You know, blame everybody else as being involved in this with Epstein. But Trump was like, it's always project, this is like one of the ultimate projection in confession because Trump's You know, it was like Epstein's closest friend, like, like they were like best friends in Palm Beach for at least a period of time. That's how Epstein at least classified it. They would party together, they would hang out together. Epstein would find girls that he trafficked at Mar-a-Lago, Virginia Giuffre who died by suicide. She was homeless, then she got a job at Mar-a-Lago.


And You know, then Ghislaine Maxwell found her at Mar-a-Lago brought her to Epstein and Epstein and Epstein trafficked her. So we've been documenting this and Pam Bondy's been lying and saying that she was gonna turn over the documents and at first she invited all these right wing influencers, gave them binders and they like, they like tried to defraud the American people. They like held it up and pretended they had the Epstein files. It was like those are the, that's the phone log that that was been released years ago. And by the way, there's Trump's name on it, but that was, that's not, the files get, there's probably terabytes of information. They've like blown every one of their deadlines now where they said this is gonna be turned over.


They just want us to forget about it, but we keep talking about it even if corporate news doesn't wanna talk about it. And You know, it's good to see impact journalism too, where it's having an impact. Democratic Congress member Dan Goldman, a US Hey, can I just, can I just pause on Pam Bondi for a second? Because I think Pam Bond, Bondi is an interesting character that's kind of emerging throughout the many facets of corruption of the Trump administration Right now. Because you look at this Epstein situation Right now, for example, who was the ag who was the attorney general of Florida, when Epstein essentially got a slap on the wrist during his crime spree, Pam Bondy, she was the attorney general.


She could have done something. Pam Bondy did not. Pam Bondy basically let Epstein off the hook. That's my one point of view Right now. That's, that's my one point right there. Now, let's go back to what we were speaking about earlier in the episode, right Cutter and the Qatari jet that was given to Donald Trump. What is the linkage there with Pam Bondi in this? Why was Pam Bondi chosen as Attorney General after Matt Gaetz? Well, in the situation of Qatar, Pam Bondi was literally a foreign agent of the Qatari government. Let me repeat that. Pam Bondi was literally a registered foreign agent of Qatar. She was paid handsomely for being a registered foreign agent of Qatar.


Pam Bondi was paid what, Ben? $115,000 per month. Per month a month. Let me repeat that as well. $115,000 per month to be a registered agent for Qatar to be a consultant of the Qatari government. Now, when you see her approve these purchases of the jet, for example, from the Qataris, when you see her apparently brush aside all this Epstein, Epstein stuff, and then you look into her recent past and you see, oh wait, she's got this interesting connection to Epstein here. Oh wait, she's got this interesting connection, connection to the Qataris here.


Doesn't it all kind of go, oh, at, at least this is an interesting link right here that you can make between the person who Donald Trump decided out of all people to choose as his Attorney general. I mean, I, I I just feel like this isn't focused on enough, and so I needed to bring it up. But then, so Dan Goldman sent this letter to Pam Bondy saying, what's up? Turn it over. And he also said, I'm a former 10 year federal prosecutor. I know that this stuff could be released by now. What, what are you doing? It's very easy if you wanted this release and also let me know, and this is what I think was powerful about his letter, the connections to Trump. Are you, is your whole purpose of this delay going through this to redact any references to Trump?


Because what else is taking you this amount of time? Is that what you're doing? We, we want to know that. Now, here's what Goldman said when I interviewed him in a, in a minus touch exclusive, let's play It. And so there was a mad dash and a big rush to release everything and everyone was talking about it. And now there's radio silence. And the begs the question, why has the Attorney General gone dark on this? Why has Congresswoman Luna and others stopped calling for it? What is it that's in the Epstein files that they were so eager to have that now are just not being released?


According to the Attorney General's promises of transparency but are still there and there's no explanation. And the concern I have, of course, is we know Donald Trump had a friendship with Jeffrey Epstein. We know Jeffrey Epstein had numerous numbers for Donald Trump. And the question then is, was this some sort of directive from Donald Trump or someone on his staff or an agent of his to the Attorney General to kill this? And that would be yet another pretty egregious act of corruption using his position as president for his own personal benefit.


It is incumbent upon the Republicans currently in the majority to do their damn job, do their job, and conduct oversight over the president of the United States. Stop sucking up to him. So much Powerful, powerful stuff right there. I'm glad that we could break that here on the Minus Touch Network. Let's talk about anyone who wants to hear the full interview with Dan Goldman, make sure to add the Midas Touch Podcast on Apple Podcast or Spotify. You can listen to the exclusive interview right there. You could also watch on YouTube, but I'm telling you, check it out on the Apple Podcast or Spotify. I know you guys will love it if you've already added the Midas Touch podcast. Also be sure to leave a five star review. It really helps. Oh, absolutely, Brett.


Now just talk briefly about this healthcare scam that Trump's been engaged in. And again, I think we all would like to see lower prescription drug prices, lower healthcare costs, right there. There's a way to do that. And a way to do that is you go and you pass legislation. And one of the things that I think is a way you reduce prices and why prices are cheaper in other countries is that the government speaks with one voice and it reduces the prices. Prices as a, as it negotiates a reduction the way. Right Now, former President Biden was able to get it done with Medicare, but he was not able to do it in the private sector because people like Trump and MAGA blocked that from taking place.


If you could have the government negotiate across all pharmaceutical companies and drug manufacturers, you could lower the prices while still having market forces at play, but you would significantly drive the prices down. MAGA blocked that. So what Trump's gimmick is, so what he's saying he's going to do, and this long meandering social media post is in theory, I guess if you get it done, it's not a bad thing. He says it's unfair that in foreign countries people are paying less for pharmaceuticals. True. And America should pay the same amount of money as the, as people are paying in other countries for pharmaceuticals.


True. So Trump says he's issuing an executive order that will right away lower prescription drug prices by 80 to 90%. That's false. That's false. So now you're playing with the, with people's lives, you're pulling at their heartstrings, their health, and you're leading people to believe you are doing something that you're not gonna actually be able to do. One, the executive order is not a law. So you can't buy executive order decree. This you can't, it will be de it will be deemed invalid by courts. It's dead on arrival because an executive order doesn't have the force to do this.


So the pharmaceutical, and by the way, Trump tried to do a very similar executive order in his first term as well, and it was shot down by the courts. And so he is basically this essentially a rehash of, of that which is already deemed out of his, You know, purview here. If you want to lower the prices, you don't do it by a phony executive order. What you do is you say to Congress, pass universal healthcare and make it accessible and free and affordable to all Americans. Make it a right. That's what exists in other countries. That's why, that's why it's lower. But you see, Trump is using this as a way to try to attack other countries, and particularly attack the countries in Europe that he says he wants to investigate the countries, not the companies.


And so what could end up happening is that these companies have to now increase their prices abroad as well, or take their products out of the United States to begin with. Create scarcity issues versus actually, if you want to deal with this, if this is the, if this isn't a gimmick, if this isn't a scam, then we should just do it the right way. Instead, what the MAGA Republicans are doing is their new kind of tax bill. Top line, bottom line numbers are out. They have to increase the debt ceiling under their, their policy by, what was it El least?


They wanna do it what? 4 trillion in tax cuts. And they wanna add, they wanna increase the debt limit by $4 trillion to make way for like $4 trillion in tax cuts for, for billionaires, not for not for regular folks, for the richest Americans. And they're going to find this money again, one, by making it up, by claiming that they, by claiming and lying that these tariffs have raised all this money, which they have not. That's one of their scams. And the other scam that they're, that, that they're going to do is they're going to take this away from Medicaid and education and all of the other services, they're gonna rob Peter to pay Paul in this case, Paul is the billionaire oligarch.


And they're gonna get paid in the form of massive tax cuts for the wealthy. By the way, this also shows how just malleable all the kind of MAGA supporters are on literally any issue that say for may be Laura Loomer, who, who actually pushes back on Trump, oddly enough. But you see all of these people, it's very weird times folks, but you see all these people right after Donald Trump made this, You know, this kind of scam announcement about here's how we're gonna do this lower drug prices thing. All the MAGA people who spent the last few years, anytime any sort of Democrat called for caps on price gouging or anything of the, like, whether it be with prescription drugs or grocery prices, you name it, what do they say?


This is communism. You're a commun. Donald Trump said this during the campaign. He called stuff like this, communist, all that. This is communist, it never works. It's been tried. It's communism, it's communism, it's communism. And You know, who would never go for any of this stuff other than the, You know, the decreasing the tax burden on the wealthiest Americans are the Republicans in Congress as well. So part of the scam that Trump is playing here, You know, he knows that they're not gonna go for this. He knows that this is going to be shot down in the courts. And I'm all for lowering drug prices by, honestly, by any means. I'm, I'm, I'm fine, I'm, I'm frankly fine with Donald Trump trying this. Like I I I'm, I'm going to say that sure, go, go for it. But what I don't like is how he's manipulating people into thinking that this is actually going to be something that happens.


Because like Ben said, this is playing with people's lives here and we know that it is going to get shot down in the courts. We know that the way to do this is via the Congress. And I think one of the interesting approaches, I I, one interesting approach I've seen and, and, and at least I think it's a, a unique approach. I don't know your thoughts Ben or or Jordy, but I saw Roanna yesterday. Congressman o say, alright, Donald, you wanna, you wanna do this thing? All right, let's put a bill on the floor. Okay, let's, let's do a law. Okay, let's get the Republicans. Let's, let's all do this. We'll pass this, we'll pass this bill, okay, we'll cap the prescription drug prices. You ready? Bet let's do it. Let's make it happen. Y Oana knows that's not gonna happen. He knows that this is all just a, You know, a, a scam by Donald Trump, but it's just, it's just his latest scam.


It's just with everything. And if you notice just across the board, Trump dangles these things that he knows that will never happen. Even, for example, one of the things that Trump has kind of pushed out there through all these sort of side sources and, and things just so he could be asked about it, is, You know, Donald Trump might actually be open to raising taxes on the wealthiest Americans. He might actually be open to this idea. Something he knows is never going to happen. And then Donald Trump is asked about about it. He goes, oh yeah, I'm all for it. Oh wait, what the con the Congress won't let me do it. I was gonna, I was gonna do it, but You know what, hands are tied. My hands are tied. I just, I just can't do it. So I actually gotta give them a massive tax cut.


I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I just couldn't do anything. Oh, you wanted those dose checks? You want to 5,000? You thought he was gonna up those checks? I I just can't. I saw they, I can't, they won't let me. You gotta, you gotta ask con you gotta ask Congress, you gotta ask Mike John, it's the same scam over and over. He dangles these things at people and says, oh look, I might actually be okay with this sort of thing. And then he pulls it back, which is al it just, to me, even worse than him not doing anything at all. The way he gets gets people's hopes up with these things, the way he manipulates people. It, it's just really atrocious. So I'll say this as, as we conclude, let me share with you from Trump's own media company, his own personal private company.


How is he handling things with his own company, right? I'll just read from you his latest filing. Here's what it says, based on their financials, by the way, where they show another really kind of atrocious quarter where they lost $31.7 million on $821,000 in net sales. Here's what it says. Based on this evaluation as of March 31st, 2025, the certifying officers of Trump media concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of that date due to material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting, including our failure to design and maintain formal accounting policies, processes, and controls to analyze an account for complex transactions, as well as a need for additional accounting personnel who have the requisite experience in SEC reporting regulation.


That's Trump's own filing on his own company where he can even balance his own books or setting it aside balance. He can even assemble a team for his own company, which is only doing $821,000 in net sales. He thinks that that is too complex for what his accountants were able to do and therefore they're not effective. And there are now material weaknesses in their internal controls. That's like seven months of Pam Bondy's contract with Cutter. That's all they did. But these are the people, exactly.


These are the people who are running the most complex economy in the world who can't run 700 and $821,000 in net sales. That's too 821,000 net sales, too complex. The American economy. Just think about it and the whole world sees it now. They should have seen it before, but it's a, it's a, it's, it's to the rest of the world, they get, they get it. Now, if American Media wants to, You know, be a propaganda arm for the Trump regime and claim that this is all or so strong America, okay?


I mean, You know, you're doing that at your own peril. Like you're doing that at the expense of am of, of, of harm to America. And so we here on the Midas Touch Network, we're just gonna continue reporting the truth. We're gonna report the facts, we're gonna connect all of these ideas together. We're not gonna forget about things. And You know, and, and, and that's why, You know, I am, I am thrilled about the growth of this network and You know, we're recording this early today because we are going to the Webbys and thanks to you, the Mightest mighty the Midas Dutch podcast has been named Podcast of the Year by the Webbys, You know, which is their top award, their top honor.


So we've gotta get ready for that Right now. We hope you've enjoyed this episode today. I think we've made it as comprehensive as we could and I'm proud of this episode and look forward to everyone seeing that Katie Couric interview. 'cause it was probably at the longest time we've talked, You know, to someone about our story where we're going, our views. And I was really excited about that interview. And of course, Katie Couric's a legend, so it was great to sit down with her. And again, from the bottom of our heart, thank you. Let me tell you, if you wanna help grow the Midas Touch Network, where you can go, by the way, podcast, podcast is called Next Question with Katie Kirk. And that episode releases this Thursday, so make sure you check it out. I, I think you guys will really enjoy it.


You've got midas plus.com, which is our substack run by Ron Philip Kowski, our editor in chief. Shout out to Ron. We've got our Patreon at patreon.com/midas touch. We're gonna be holding probably next week or maybe the week after if it's, if it's a recap of all that's happened in New York. So if you wanna meet us personally, patreon.com/midas Touch is the place for that store dot midas touch.com. Get your Midas gear for all of our Canadian supporters. We've got the Midas Touch elbows up Canadian gear, a hundred percent made in Canada, which you could still buy in America.


And then there's lots of other gear that we have in merch too. So check that out. Store dot midas touch.com. Make sure you subscribe on audio podcast and YouTube, so you're on all of our platforms. Leave a five star review because You know, those Rogan fans get very mad when we win Podcast of the year. So anyway, make sure you, make sure you subscribe and leave five star reviews there and again from the bottom of our heart, thank you all so much and we'll see you next time on the Midas Touch podcast. Jordy, why don't you take it away? Shout out to the Midas, my day can't get enough.


Midas.


Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.