
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is knowledgeable. Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem? Call one 800 GAMBLER.


Do more with up to five times more power, more versatility, and more features than any ordinary handheld trimmer. When you upgrade to a Dr. Trimmer mower from DR. Power equipment featuring all steel frames, an adjustable handlebar, oversized wheels, and the strongest trimmer cord on the market. A Dr. Trimmer lets you easily mow everywhere a bladed mower can't. Visit dr power.com today and shop the sale.


So when I ask what is odu, what comes to mind? Well, ODU is a bit of everything. ODU is a suite of business management software that some people say is like fertilizer because of the way it promotes growth. But you know, some people also say, OO is like a magic beans stock because it grows with your company and is also magically affordable. But then again, you could look at OO in terms of how its individual Software programs are a lot like building blocks. I mean, whatever your business needs, manufacturing, accounting, HR programs, you can build a custom software suite that's perfect for your company. So what is odu? Well, I guess ODU is a bit of everything. ODU is a fertilizer magic beans stock building blocks for business. Yeah, that's it. Which means that OD is exactly what every business needs. Learn more and sign up now@odod.com. That's OD o o.com.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantisx X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next with Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm any time, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


GR power equipment has given homeowners the power to do more with powerful field and brush mowers, capable of clearing acres of grass and brush trimmers that deliver up to five times more power than any ordinary handheld model. And chippers that turn nuisance brush piles into beneficial mulch. Start doing more this season with equipment from Dr. Power. Visit dr power.com today and shop the sale.


Donald Trump is going to war with America, sending the National Guard and even potentially the Marines against the people living in the United States of America. Donald Trump is terrorizing. America began with ICE raids, not targeting criminals, targeting hardworking migrants. They were going to factories to court rooms. They were going to Home Depot parking lots. They're going to schools and neighborhoods ripping families apart to try to incite anger, confusion, sadness within these communities.


And then protests were peaceful here in California. Just take a look at what the LAPD had to say. The LAPD as of Friday was thanking the organizers for peaceful protests. Sure, there were certain protests where there were some agitators and they could be dealt with by the LAPD and the LA sheriffs. We have more police here in California than most countries have in military. But Donald Trump very quickly escalated this intentionally to be provocative, to cause violence, to provoke a situation where he would then call the National Guard unlawfully, I might add, where he used a statute, which is not the statute that should be used.


There's no statute that should be used to send national to Federalize the National Guard and send them against people here in the United States of America. California has responded with a lawsuit. We'll talk about that on this episode. And Trump is quite literally going to war with the state of California. He's saying that California Governor Gavin Newsom should be arrested. Notably, when Donald Trump sees Governor Newsom face to face, he never goes new scum. In fact, as we showed you when it came to the wildfires, when Donald Trump visited Los Angeles and Gavin Newsom met him at the tarmac, Donald Trump cowered away only said nice things in Newsom's face.


And when he's a little keyboard warrior goes, new scum. He says, bring in the troops exclamation point. This is unprecedented times that we're living in, in American history. While Donald Trump prepares a dictator parade for himself, a military parade for himself on June 14th in Washington DC we see hundreds, if not thousands of tanks and missiles rolling into DC each and every day. A site that makes the United States look like North Korea or Vladimir Putin's Russia. While we talk about what's happening though in California and Los Angeles, I don't wanna lose sight of the fact that the MAGA Republicans are pushing through a disastrous budget bill that's gonna take away healthcare from 15 million Americans.


That's going to be the biggest transfer of wealth in American history. From low income Americans to the wealthiest, the wealthiest billionaires and deca millionaires will be getting trillions of dollars in tax cuts paid for by ripping away people's healthcare and food stamps and other essential services that low income and working class people need to live. I don't want to get distracted. Just I, I think we need to focus on everything at the same time here. And also, I don't wanna forget about the fact that Donald Trump is failing the United States would be an understatement internationally, basically aligning himself with Vladimir Putin.


And America's no longer the leader of, of the free world. And we're seeing Europe step up to help President Zelinsky. And I don't wanna forget about the ultimate portrayal Donald Trump has done to Ukraine and to our allies. So we'll talk about all of that. Let's bring in Brett and Jordy brothers. It's good to see you. And for those out there who don't know, while Jordy lives out of state, Brett and Jor, Brett and I live in, in Los Angeles. You know, for many years I was living in downtown Los Angeles, working in downtown Los Angeles. My wife grew up and my wife's family currently lives in an area called Huntington Park.


My wife is first generation American. Her family's from Guadalajara. I've seen the videos today of the principal at the graduation for middle school students talking to the parents about ice circling around the middle school where my wife went to middle school, where her nieces and nephews were graduating today, seeing ice agents chase after people in Home Depot, parking lots, pregnant women going into factories there. And in downtown LA in Paramount and Santa Fe and other areas. They're not going after criminals. They're going after hardworking families, ripping them apart to torture and terrorize their terrorists, their terrorists.


I just, I don't wanna hold back how I feel and what the language is. 'cause I know corporate news is not beating the moment. But Brett and Jordy, I'll throw it to you. Yeah. And this is a war against the United States. This is a war against Los Angeles and Donald Trump. Why is he doing this? Because he has authoritarian dreams, because he wants to use this as a predicate in order to invade not just Los Angeles, but the entire country to declare martial law. I want everybody to know from the top, and I wanna be extremely clear about this, everything that's happening right now is 100% manufactured by Donald Trump. This is the most contrived, quote unquote crisis that I have ever seen since I began doing this, probably even before.


And it's so they're not even being subtle about what they are doing. There's been no issues here in Los Angeles. There were no issues here in Los Angeles until Donald Trump and his goons got here in order to stoke violence, in order to stoke chaos. And that's exactly what they are doing. They are trying to instill fear in people. They are doing everything they can to make the problem worse, because Donald Trump is a one man wrecking machine, and he is backed up by a bunch of sycophants who accept his false pre presentation of reality, which bears zero resemblance to reality at all. And they move forward with this propaganda in a very 1984 style way.


What they also do is they take little images, little clips here and there of things that happened, and they blow these up and try to act like this is what's happening everywhere. If you're on social media right now, or if you're watching Fox, you'll probably think LA doesn't even exist anymore to you. It's probably, oh, it's an apocalyptic hellhole. Everyone must just be running for the hills right now. The whole city's on fire. Absolutely. The whole city's a mess. I wanna be absolutely clear about that, as well as ice terrorizes people in these select neighborhoods and areas. And a lot of the images that what you're seeing right now are confined to a few blocks in downtown la. And if you're not in those few blocks of downtown LA right now, I bet a lot of people in the city don't even know anything's going on here.


As crazy as that may sound, and as crazy as it may be. And the only reason I wanna highlight that is because you have all these propagandists. You have Donald Trump, you have the Sean Hannity, you have all these folks trying to act like the entire city right now is burning down. Like the entire city right now is rioting that there's all this chaos happening. And they want to use that false information in order to allow Donald Trump to do the things that he's doing, to allow him to increase the Fed, the power of the federal government, to allow him to send the Marines into Los Angeles to federalize the National Guard. He's using this propaganda to do really, really, really terrible things. When If you go out in Los Angeles right now, like I was out all weekend, my, you know, my friends are out, I, you see family members out, you see neighbors out.


People are in parks, you know, people are at farmer's markets. People are going to the beach. The weather's beautiful. People are hiking. Like the images that you see on tv don't line up with the reality of what's going on here. Yet, despite that fact, despite the fact that there were these peaceful protests, Donald Trump decided to come in here and decided to start shit. He decided to start trouble. He decided to try to provoke people to try to get these images and everything that you're seeing in those areas that I was describing, all those images outta downtown, when you see smoke or whatever it is, that's all because of Donald Trump. And this would end in a second if Donald Trump got the hell outta my city and he needs to get the hell outta my city, because what he's doing here is dangerous.


It's the same thing he does everywhere he goes. It's the same thing he did with, when we're talking about hurricanes in North Carolina, during the Biden administration, what did he do? Donald Trump did everything he possibly could to make the problem worse. When there were fires in Los Angeles, Donald Trump did everything he possibly could to make the fires worse. When there was COVID, Donald Trump did everything he possibly could to make the problem worse. Ron Philip Bakowski, editor in editor-in-chief, I'm paraphrasing something that he said online the other day, but it was something along the lines of Donald Trump has not been successful at anything in his life. All of his businesses were failures. He's been a complete and total failure of a human being. But the one thing that he's been incredibly successful at is dividing Americans and stoking conflict, stoking chaos.


And that's exactly what he is doing right now. He stokes the chaos. He then uses it for his political benefit. He uses it to try to take more power away from the people. And that's why we need to remain on guard here. And that's what we're gonna do as we cover this every single day here at the Midas Touch Network. Jordy, let's go on Powerful Intro Brothers. Benji, why don't we just kick it to you. Where do you wanna start off? I'm gonna have certainly more to add, but I want to, I wanna start the show. Look, things were peaceful here in Los Angeles and in the surrounding communities, both the city and the surrounding areas in the county of Los Angeles. Don't get me wrong, every city has its problems and has its issues. I'm not trying to portray this as a, a perfect utopia.


Far from it. A lot of things that could be addressed. But people were going about living their lives. You had hardworking people. We are a community made up of immigrants. A major percentage of people who live here are first generation, second generation. And we have a lot of people who are recently here in the United States, or they came here undocumented. That's the, that's part of the cultural fabric of Los Angeles. And, and we embrace diversity here in Los Angeles and in California. You think about it, California is the fourth largest GDP not in the United States in the entire world.


So If you wanna think about diversity being a strength or a weakness, think about the state that probably has the most diversity in the entire country. Like California, with lots of people from Latin America, from Mexico, Caribbean, from Africa, from from Europe, from everywhere, from Mexico, from everywhere. And it is the fourth largest GDP in the entire world. California is a donor state, unlike most of the red states, which are taker states. And so, while Donald Trump has been trying to find different ways to attack California, and I think California Governor Newsom's done a really good job and a great job, I think specifically as it relates to Donald Trump Federalizing, the National Guard.


We'll talk about that in the world. But it started right with the wildfires Donald Trump taking, spreading all of these lies about the wildfires, then taking billions of gallons of water from Northern California that weren't even connected any anyway to the fires. And after the fires were fully contained, rerouting that water kind of flooding farmland and removing it from dams that were, that was holding onto the water in case there was a dry season. So they, they started off with that Donald Trump, you know, wanted to escalate with a, a transgender athlete who came in like tied for second place based on the rules, where a transgender woman or became second place.


And so Donald Trump said, based on allowing her to compete in what was like a long jumping competition or, or something where again, it was like tied for second place. 'cause they changed the rules in, in, in terms of how, how you could do it in, in a way that seemed to be a, a, a compromise that, that people were, were happy about except for people who wanna provoke Trump says, I'm gonna withhold all federal funding, right? To which California governor Gavin Newsom said, well then I'm gonna withhold the federal, I'll, I'll, we, we give all the red, we fund the red states in California. We don't complain about it. We don't whine about it. We're the biggest contributors to the federal government, more than $80 billion.


So what, what, what if we don't do that to then all of a sudden, and the MAGA plays the victim, right? You have Treasury Secretary Scott Besson, we're gonna go after you for unlawful tax evasion. Is that a threat? We're gonna arrest Gavin Newsom for that. So they were going in that direction, and then they kind of waited to do these coordinated ice raids focusing on the Los Angeles area. And what they did, again, was not going after the criminals. They went after the cities and towns that were like Huntington Park, like Downey, like Paramount for those who are in LA who know those towns that have big Mexican populations largely, but, but from other countries, other Latin American countries, central America, south America as well.


And they would go to the Home Depots where people would be waiting to work, and then the ice agents wearing masks dressed in a very militarized fashion, would snatch 'em off the streets or chase 'em, snatch 'em. Then they'd kind of make a scene out of it, creating, you know, a situation. Then they would raid these factories, apparel factories and fact, you know, just people sewing factories, knitting factories, people who were just engaged in a hard day's labor. And people who had been just living their own American dream. They'd go back to their communities and they, and ICE would target these places of work. Then ice targeted the courthouses. People who were going through a lawful process.


Ice would be waiting in the bushes, they'd be waiting inside the courtrooms. And they were testing this all throughout the country in smaller places, right before they really launched their big full force, full, full mission here in, in Los Angeles. So then they're waiting in a, a courthouse called Roy Ball in downtown. And then they just started detaining everybody, throwing them into the basement regardless of what their status was. And it was, we, we showed videos of this where you could hear people saying, daddy, where, where, you know, you would hear people screaming, like out of a horror, like out of a horror movie. And so they were doing that. And so then you started to have the peaceful protests develop.


Now, one of the things that I stood right away, and they did this on purpose, is they attacked a major labor leader in California. A guy named David Huerta, who, who leads the SEIU Union here in, in, in Los Angeles. And he's the president of, of the Union in California. And you take a look at this video and they literally just throw him to the ground, arrest him, and then the Department of Justice charges him with obstructing official ice duties. So they were looking at these various kind of touchpoint to provoke this. Still, you had the peaceful protests, you know, through Thursday E even through Friday, the LAPD issued a press release thanking the organizers for peaceful protests, talking about the coordination to make sure that the protests were peaceful.


Were there some sporadic incidents of agitators? Yes, there were, but very small groupings. Did those get an, an inordinate amount of media attention? Yes. But small incidents. And on that basis, Donald Trump then invokes or calls up the National Guard Federalizing, the National Guard under a statute called 10 USC, section 12 4 6, which it's not the Insurrection Act, it's something else. And it sends a, it transmits a memo to the Department of Defense.


But when you invoke this act, it has very strict requirements. And it says, when you look through it, when you look through the statute, 10 USC, section 12, 4 0 6, it says that you have to coordinate with the governors of the States as part of your duties. There has to be coordination with the governor. And the governor has to be the one who you transmit. And the governor has to be the one basically to approve it. And it could only be invoked when there's repelling an invasion of the United States by a foreign nation suppressing a rebellion against the authority of the government of the United States, or that the president can no longer execute the laws of the United States anymore.


That did not, none of those qualifications were met. Trump did not mention any of this to California. Governor Newsom. Governor Newsom. He just sent a letter to the Adjutant General of the National Guard's, the leader, the head of the National Guard in California, which is run by the governor. It's not supposed to be run by the federal government, invoked the statute and said, we are making the federal, we're federalizing the National Guard. Now Trump didn't even have the resources for these National Guard troops, so they had to actually sleep on the floor. They didn't have food. San Francisco Chronicle did a good, they didn't have equipment.


San Francisco Chronicle did a really good report on this. And for those audio listeners were showing those who are watching on our YouTube channel, the National Guard sleeping on the floor. And once the National Guard were activated. And then there was the threat also by Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth, to call in the Marines from Camp Pendleton to turn the Marines and put the Marines and, and work through the different types of engagement. In other words, the levels of engagement and the rules of engagement of when you can basically shoot to kill protestors and how to use the lethal versus non-lethal.


But they're walking, you know. But then Heg said, said, I'm sending basically the Marines in, and the Marines were then activated all while Donald Trump was making social media posts after social media, troops bring in the troops exclamation point. If you spit, we hit, you, spit, we hit, you, spit we hit. And he was again, trying to provoke and make people, you know, you know, very, very, very upset in the communities. And when you rip people apart from their families, that's, that's going to be the natural consequences. So we saw Trump escalate, Trump provoke. And I also, before throwing it back to, to you, Brett and Jordy, and I'm sorry if I kind of rambled a little bit there, just so everybody knows how the process would normally work, as I mentioned at the outset between the LAPD and the LA Sheriffs, there are more police than most nations have in their entire army working for the combined LA Sheriffs and the LAPD.


There's an escalation protocol within the LAPD and LA sheriffs. And then if they don't have the resources after going to the highest level of escalation, they didn't even have to go anywhere near that. There's then a process where they can reach out to other counties and cities to ask them for support within the state. Then if that escalation doesn't work, then the governor can use the National Guard. If the governor feels they're unable to, you know, utilize the National Guard themselves effectively, then the governor's the one who requests of the president, Hey, we need your help. We need federal resources.


Which has very rarely happened throughout, you know, throughout American history. And even before then. Then the governors often reach out to other governors in other states 'cause rights, states' rights. Where have we heard that? States' rights. And then the states help out California before you get to a declaration, essentially of an insurrection under the Insurrection Act or a federalization of the National Guard, which is, which I read for you, the categories, foreign invasion rebellion or the inability of the president to execute laws anymore. And that, that didn't happen. But Trump was thirsty for this moment.


And I wanna add this important factor. 'cause when we come back, we'll talk more about the, the lawsuit that California filed, the implications of that lawsuit. But when Trump invoked this statute, he also did it for a period of 60 days. And it doesn't mention Los Angeles or California. It says 2000 National Guard troops to start. But then it says at the discretion of the Secretary of Defense, it can be, it can be raised to whatever. And it's not limited to California. What this declaration allows is any state, in any city, within any state, in any county for the next 60 days.


It's basically a way to declare martial law without actually saying it is what this declaration is doing. It's a way to invoke a military dictatorship without actually saying those terms. Because think about it, if in a 60 day period you've given your power, you've given yourself the power away from governors to put the military anywhere in the not United States, which is what this gives Trump and Pete Hegseth the power to do is how is that not a dictatorship, frankly? How is anything that Trump did before, not a dictatorship.


I've been saying we've been living in an authoritarian regime, Al already. And then I'll layer this last piece on, this last piece on, which is I think that the timing of this is very much related to the military. The dictator parade parade that Donald Trump is holding on June 14th, which is his birthday. Thousands of tanks and missiles and soldiers. They're all to Washington DC and that Trump views that day symbolically always as his dictator day. And he wants not just the trappings of dictator, but the force of dictatorship.


And so I think that that, that all of this is also related to that day in particular. And I think that Trump and the regime know the No Kings protest, and a lot of other people and, and, and a lot of other related protests are gonna be happening on that June 14th. And I think they want a military presence to try to shut down those protests, scare those protests away. And, you know, and it's my belief right now, America is currently a dictatorship. I I don't, I don't think that's a controversial thing to say. You don't hear that in corporate news. America is no longer a democracy.


America is a dictatorship. We live under an authoritarian regime led by an idiot, still very dangerous. It's an Idiocracy, a cto, the Trump regime Congress has all these maga, Mike Johnson and all these maga morons who just do whatever Donald Trump does no different. Look, there's a parliament in North Korea, there's a parliament in Russia, right? It, they're, they're made up of maga Mike Johnson types who do what Putin wants, who does what Kim Jong-un wants. And they say they have a parliamentary system and they don't. That's what exists right now, at least before the midterms, Donald Trump's gonna try to make sure we don't have elections in the midterms with the military.


That's to me, part of what this plan is right here. You know, and I'm not trying to say this to be hyperbolic when we come back from the break, we're, we'll show you the receipts. I mean, I'll show you what it is he's saying. Calling for Newsom to be arrested, sending the marines, sending, calling in the National Guard. You know, we'll, we'll, we'll show you the facts. Trump's saying that he wants to have troops everywhere. We'll show you the receipts. We need to be prepared. We need to look at this clear eyed, we need to understand the reality. You also layer in the fact that what you had that great reporter at a BC, Terry Moran who criticized Trump and Stephen Miller for what they've been doing in a post.


And then the Trump regime calls Disney, and immediately Terry Moran gets suspended. The regime calls the media company, and then the media company suspends the reporter for saying that what Trump and Miller are doing is cruel. 'cause it hurts the regime's feelings. It was a long rant by me, I apologize, but I think I I had to, I don't know how else I could cover the developments of what has happened. Brett, Jordan, I don No, yeah. What what else can you say there, Ben? You, you summed it up perfectly. And I know it's deeply personal for you, especially with your family and your daughter. And just, it's so insane to see this play out on such just a, a human level. Like this is just so not right, what we're witnessing.


And don't be gaslit by anyone into thinking that any of this is normal. And Ben, I think it's very astute of you to also bring up what's happening this weekend. I I think there's a larger macro picture here of this authoritarian playbook 1 0 1 that we're witnessing unfold before our eyes, right? So when you're looking at what Trump's doing this week, instigating this, this civil uneasiness going into these communities, going into middle, sending ice into middle schools, and this is disgusting stuff, dystopian stuff, sending ice to, to Home Depot. These aren't criminals. These are, these are pillars of the community that he's, that he's disappearing.


And so of course people are gonna be upset by this. This is, this is, this isn't even necessarily what he campaigned on, right? He said, we're getting the criminals out of here. Tell me a middle school student that, that's committed a crime of this severity. I mean, it, it is absolutely disgusting. And then you fast forward here and you're looking at this weekend, and I'm gonna say this, 'cause you know, bill Maher, before he went sideways, used to really say this a lot. And it, and, and I, I really appreciate it when he dug in here military style parades in the streets of the United States. Are you kidding me? That stuff you see outta North Korea, that is disgusting. That's stuff you see in Russia that is disgusting.


And so now to celebr to celebrate quote unquote, dear leader's birthday, not only are we disappearing people from the streets of Los Angeles, but now we're gonna hold a military parade in honor of dear leader, are you kidding me? Like I, I know our audience is as frustrated and disgusted and appalled as we are. I I know y'all are. This isn't normal. Like this really is unhinged, maniacal, disgusting behavior. And there's no other way to look at it. You cannot normalize this stuff for not even a second. Brett, I'm gonna disagree with you in one thing.


This is exactly what Donald Trump ran on. This is exactly what he said he would do time and time again. And everybody constantly said, oh, hey, he doesn't mean that. He doesn't mean that he's going to do that. No, I we told you time and time again that he meant exactly what he was saying he was going to do, and now he's doing it. And now we are seeing the chaos of this. Heck, Kamala Harris warned about this on the campaign campaign trail, and we have the receipts, if we have time, we'll play you, you know, at least a clip of her warning about this back in. This is at least October, 2024, speaking about the actions that Trump was threatening. And I wanna just paint the picture for you clearly. And this goes off what Ben was saying before, right now, you have 700 Marines being mobilized and sent into Los Angeles for no reason.


No re there's no reason to ever do that. You have that happening here. You have the National Guard here in Los Angeles. You have Donald Trump saying that he's going to camp David to meet with his top military leaders to discuss strategy, to discuss a lot of important issues right now. So he's going to meet with top military people at Camp David. You have those two things. In addition to that, you have these harrowing images of tanks rolling into Washington DC for Donald Trump's dictator parade. I think when you put all those things together, when you take any one of them by himself, they look bad enough. But you put those three things together that are all converging on this exact week right now. I think it's a recipe for disaster. And I think it bodes very poorly for what his plans are for the summer.


But you know what, the people are fighting back. And I think one of our last vestiges of hope that we have here as the people who abdicate their responsibility, the politicians, the media, you name it, we have our voices. And I think that's important. And as long as we're able to speak our truth here on the Midas Touch Podcast, as long as you are able to go out and are able to combat this disinformation and speak out, whether it's in on social media, whether it's in text message chats to friends and family members, we all need to continue to use our voices to spread the truth, to get out the word as to what is actually going on here. And I also just wanna sound the alarm because the propaganda that's gonna be pushed by not only just right wing media, but by media in general, who wants to see conflict, the comments that are gonna come outta the White House, that are gonna be reaffirmed by folks in Congress who are supposed to be people who you would ordinarily be able to trust in situations like this.


They're gonna constantly be spreading lies. They're gonna constantly be trying to paint images of Los Angeles that don't reflect reality images of other cities that are most likely, I'm gonna say, definitely going to be cities that are democratic. They're gonna paint images of cities like that in the same light. They're gonna keep pushing this propaganda in order so Donald, so that Donald Trump can acquire more and more and more and more power. So we all need to remain vigilant. And just before we go to this quick break, I do wanna give a, a a little bit of positive news before we go to break. And that's the, at the S-E-U-S-E-U-I, California President Huerta, David Huerta has been released from custody.


Thank, thankfully he still faces an unjust felony charge, but he has been released and reunited with his family and we are showing a picture right now of the moment that he, he was released. So at least a little bit of positivity there. Ben, any final words before we go to break? I want everybody to subscribe to this YouTube channel. We're on our way to 5 million Subscribe, Meidas. We're about 90,000 short as of this recording, so I think we're gonna head there pretty quickly. So subscribe and share this YouTube channel with everybody you know. Also consider becoming a member of our YouTube channel by clicking the membership buttons below. You'll see it on the, the YouTube.


You can activate all of the fun emojis. And then we're gonna start doing some membership clips that will just be a little bit additive, I think. We'll, we'll do kind of a, a, a cool series maybe with me and Philip Kowski and what we're, we're, we're still working on that. But you'll activate the emojis and it helps grow this independent platform. Let's take our first quick break of the show. We'll be right back after quick.


Life moves fast and sometimes you just need a way to relax, recharge, or stay focused without overcomplicating things. And that's where Via comes in. I personally been using vias ni drops to help me wind down after a long day. And I'm telling you they work. I'm sleeping more deeply, waking up refreshed and feeling way more balanced overall. And their focus gummies game changer for productivity. It's become a go-to part of my daily routine. If you haven't tried them yet, you're seriously missing out. Whether you need to unwind, refocus, or boost your mood via here to enhance your every day and night. Trusted by over a half a million happy customers Via blends, powerful high quality hemp derived ingredients to deliver real effect driven benefits. Whether it's sleep, libido, focus, recovery, or relaxation. There's a solution for you from zero to high cannabinoid levels. Their award-winning gummies and calming drops are crafted with organic lab tested hemp from trusted American owned farms, and they legally ship across the us discrete and direct no medical card required. So if you're 21 or over, treat yourself to 15% off and get a free gift with your first order using our exclusive code midas@viahemp.com. Plus enjoy free shipping on orders over a hundred dollars. That's VIIA HEM p.com. And If you're not sure where to start, take vias Product finder quiz. It only takes 60 seconds. Again, if you're 21 or over, check out the link to via in our description and use the code Midas to receive 15% off free shipping on orders over a hundred dollars. And if you're new to vy, get a free gift of your choice after you purchase, they ask where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them we sent you. Enhance your every day with via.


Let me tell you, if there's a surefire way to wake up feeling fresh after drinks with friends, it's with pre-Cool Zbiotics. Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Now here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. Now it's a buildup of this byproduct, not dehydration. That's to blame for rough days. After drinking pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make pre-cool your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Now, every time I've had pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference the next day. Now, even after a night out, I can confidently plan on just waking up and feeling my best the next day without worrying. Look, I won't lie. I was was a bit on the fence about pre-cool initially, but then while hanging out with some friends at our bar, I gave it a shot. And believe me, it's the real deal. So I first gave pre-cool a try when I was at a wedding. I drank it before my first espresso martini. And you wouldn't believe how on top of my game I felt the next morning. Now summer's here, which means more opportunities to celebrate the warm weather before that backyard barbecue brew or your glass of pinot watching the sunset at a beach or a cocktail by the campfire. Don't forget your Zbiotics pre alcohol drink, one before drinking and wake up feeling great and ready to take on the next day. And all that summer has to offer. Go to Zbiotics dot com slash midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Midas at checkout, Zbiotics is backed with 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to Zbiotics dot com slash midas and use the code Midas at checkout for 15% off. Let's go.


Shout out to our sponsors, Avaya Zbiotics. Zbiotics been with this network for a while now. Definitely show some love. Put it in the chat if you've used Biotics, because I frigging love it. Also, VIIA plus stuff over there, Benji, where to next? Well, I now gotta bring the receipts right after going through everything we did in that first segment, let's now play the clips, show the receipts. But I want to do it not just by playing Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump. But I don't, I, I'm a little sick of him. I don't want to hear his voice that much. There's some clips that I'll still have to show. But here's who, here's the first clip I wanna show. It's a MAGA republican Congresswoman Salazar, I believe She's from Florida's 27th Congressional District.


She's the daughter of Cuban refugees, a big ultra MAGA person. And she was one of these leaders. First she was, I think she was a newscaster and she was big Trump supporter, you know, always. And then as a congresswoman, been one of the biggest Trump supporters. And she would go as a leader in the Cuban community there in, in her district has little Havana and, and and areas of Miami. And she would say, you gotta support Trump. He's with us. He's never gonna go after the Cubans who are not criminals. This is just about the bad guys.


He, he's got our back, he's got our back. So after the election, she was interviewed by PBS and it was a great interview because the interviewer kept on pressing Congresswoman Salazar. Breta was your point. And the interviewer saying, I know you are interpreting what he's saying as that he's only gonna go after criminals, but he is saying that he's gonna go after everybody. So why do you have this great degree of confidence? And she would be like, 'cause I wrote the Dignity Act and he told me, he said he likes the Dignity Act. I want you to watch this clip. I am sure not 200,000 undocumented in your community.


Is that what you're saying? That I am sure that we are not, that the Trump administration is not gonna be targeting those people who have been here for more than five years, that have American kids that don't have criminal records, that have been working in the, the economy and paying taxes. I am sure that they're gonna hone in on the criminals who arrived less than four years ago. 'cause I wrote The Dignity Act and I am the first one who understands that you have to give some type of dignity to those who have been here for more than five years. People who have roots in the country, not people who are coming to commit crimes. If, If I can just clarify from you, have you received those kinds of, of details from anyone in a potential Trump administration? Because so far what we've heard is proposal for mass deportations.


We have about 30 seconds left. Have you gotten those assurances, Mass deportation to those who are committing crimes who have been here for less than five years? You understand that you have th millions of undocumented who are contributing with the economy and are helping our country to be a better one. The ultimate betrayal right there, right? I mean, just think about that. And she put out a statement recently over the past few days saying that she disagrees with what she's strongly opposes what Donald Trump is doing towards the Cuban and Venezuelan and immigrant population. I'm fully aware, and I'm, I'm heartbroken, I'm heartbroken about the uncertainty now, gripping Florida's 27th District, I I share your concerns.


You walked your constituents into it to a place where they're gonna get deported and potentially get killed. Like you, your parents fled Castro, or If you were from Venezuela, Maduro or the, the line of dictators there Chavez to then elect Trump, who's, who's a worse version of them. And then you then your legacy will be selling out your people and saying to vote for the guy who's there to kill him. You know? And then, you know, and then Ilena Garcia, she's a state senator in the, in the similar area.


She started Latinas for Trump, been a big Trump supporter since 2016. And she reiterated, I stand with Congressman's woman Salazar, how deeply heartbroken I am. I can't be silent. But here's the thing, those people will still support Trump. We disagree with him on this issue. But on the other issues, we still think that, you know, we're, we're Republican and we agree with those issues. The issue you disagree with him is that he doesn't want you to exist. I don't know how you get to the issue of being angry about a transgender volleyball player or focusing on whatever the culture war issue that, that fox is pushing when the main issue is your very existence.


If a, if a politician ran when I'm in office, if your name is Ben, I'm going after you. I'm gonna kill you. I'm gonna send you to the worst places. And I'm a Ben and I go, you know what he does make a good point though, on what you talking about. What you know, in what world, in what world does this make sense? And you have to believe that because how Donald Trump made them feel that they felt they were different. That they thought that they could hang out at Mar-a-Lago and they would be like the white people at Mar-a-Lago, you know, like the Africons, you know, who Trump wants to claim there's a fake white genocide going on in South Africa and bring over, you could hang in Mar-a-Lago and that, and that Trump was well put his arm around you.


No, you were a pawn, you were a puppet. Wasn't it so obvious you were the mark and now you've put your whole community through this and all you've got is that's your heartbroken. Y you've, you've destroyed lives. You are as complicit, if not worse than even Trump. But Brett, former vice president Kamala Harris did a, she gave multiple speeches and then she had even like video behind her where she would show what the statements are. Let me show you this speech. I think this was October 23rd, 2024, former vice President Kamala Harris. One of the speeches that she gave, it was right around that time period, at least here, let's play it.


Yesterday we learned that Donald Trump's former chief of staff, John Kelly, a retired four star general, confirmed that while Donald Trump was president, he said he wanted generals like Adolf Hitler had. Donald Trump said that because he does not want a military that is loyal to the United States Constitution, he wants a military that is loyal to him. He wants a military who will be loyal to him personally, one that will obey his orders even when he tells them to break the law or abandon their oath to the constitution of the United States.


In just the past week, Donald Trump has repeatedly called his fellow Americans the enemy from within and even said that he would use the United States military to go after American citizens. And let's be clear about who he considers to be the enemy from within. Anyone who refuses to bend a knee or dares to criticize him would qualify in his mind as the enemy within like judges, like journalists, like nonpartisan, election officials. It is deeply troubling and incredibly dangerous that Donald Trump would invoke Adolf Hitler, the man who is responsible for the deaths of 6 million Jews and hundreds of thousands of Americans.


All of this is further evidence for the American people of who Donald Trump really is. This is a window into who Donald Trump really is from the people who know him best. Let me pull up this headline right here. Here's the headline. This was written about that time when Kamala Harris said that October 16th, 2024 in the hill by opinion contributor Derek Hunter Kamala's, newest lie, Trump will send the army after you. And then it goes on and on to say how Kamala Harris is fear-mongering and how she is a liar for repeating what Donald Trump said at the time that he would send the military after American citizens in the United States of America, they called her a liar.


And that's one of the issues also with this whole concept of like both sides, media, I know on the top of this hill article it says that these aren't, these are the expressed views by contributors or are their own, and not that of the hill, but the hill. You publish this piece because what you do is this both sides. Journalism where you give credence to both sides, no matter what is true and what is false, that should not be how reporting is. Just tell us the facts, just tell us what's happening. I don't need somebody arguing with me who is arguing from a false president pre premise. It's why I hate these CNN argument shows where they just go back and forth at each other. There's not always, sometimes things are kind of black and white, and in this case things are very black and white. And now people are seeing it firsthand.


Brett, to your point, the CNN fight show, I have to, that's bad for the country. Like, I'm just gonna say it, that the fight show that airs at night is genuinely bad for the country. Like it is brain rott to, to the highest level. I cannot stand that show for sure. So Donald Trump's former chief of staff, John Kelly, who before being the chief of staff, was a former four star general, right? Someone with a great deal of credibility, who was Trump's number one guy. He was the source that said that Donald Trump wanted Hitler generals.


It didn't come from a left wing, it didn't come from an anonymous source. It came from Donald Trump's former chief of staff, a four star general. And it got almost no attention. We were talking about it here, former vice president Kamala Harris was talking about it. But how much more attention was the media focused on was why isn't Kamala Harris doing, why is she doing interviews with her vice president? Is she scared? Talking about, she did a debate where she kicked Donald Trump's ass and he was too afraid to do a second debate. Was she scared? Maybe she doesn't want to do stupid interviews with both sides Media that's shooting for a gotcha when she can just show the American people, put me on a stage next to this freaking coward and watch me whoop his ass.


And Trump was too afraid. Like, you like that? That was the narrative. Why isn't she doing, he was afraid to debate her more than once. 'cause she kicked his ass. And then after Biden's debate what the media do. Oh my God, it was the worst thing ever. Trump's debate was first off, Trump was just as bad as Biden in the first debate. Let's be very clear about that. Although Biden had a terrible debate, Trump was not much better. Okay? Number two, Trump was worse in the second de in the debate with Kamala than Biden was in the first debate. He talked about pe people eating, eating cats and freaking dogs and, and you're eating the dogs, you're eating the dogs, they're eating the cats.


And then, and then that was turned into like a song. They're eating the dogs, they're eating the ca The guy's a crazy person. And this whole thing was freaking normalized and we knew it all. And by the way, I could show you clips like this all the time today during a disastrous press conference by Donald Trump. He, he's talking about his military parade and then he brings up, Hitler did a parade where Hitler did the parade. He was in the Eiffel Tower. He always, he brings up Hitler like, like, like Hitler did a good parade here, watch this picking Up for Russia. No, they lost 51 million people. And you know, can't forget that. But France was celebrating, and as you know, Hitler made a speech at the Eiffel Tower.


But when I spoke to President Macron, he said, oh, we are celebrating the great victory of World War ii. How kind of non-sequitur sentences that to begin with as well. The, the whole thing is so ridiculous when, when we get back, I wanna show you the response by California and then I do want to talk about a little bit Ukraine, the disastrous budget bill. I don't want that to fall off of, of our radar. And so I'm gonna bring it up. Let's take our last quick break of the show a reminder, become a member to our YouTube channel right now. Activate those emojis. That's one of the benefits of membership. Also, we're gonna start doing some exclusive a, a additive. We're not gonna reduce the content, we're gonna do a little bits of additive stuff, maybe a little me and Ron, Philip Kowski, you know, just, just, we're trying to find creative ways to grow this.


I was just saying, I was just saying to Jordy, Ben is really slacking not doing nearly enough. I agree. So we really gotta, really gotta put this guy to work. So we talking Ben, we're like, Ben has a back issue. Great. Let's make him do more hotcakes with Ron this time. So anytime Ben, Ben had, Ben has to record from his knees. Perfect. Let's add to our stop slacking over there. Geez, about time you step, don't realize, are you recording from your knees right now? My knees right now. And mom, mom's like, are you sitting in your chair? I'm like, no. I've been on my, for the last three weeks I've been doing this on one knee. That's a, it's very impressive 'cause it does look like you're sitting. And so good job by you not sitting at all. We'll be right. We'll be right back after our last quick breakup.


Do you ever try to send someone money and it takes days to show up or you get slammed with a fee just to speed it up? I won't send money to the wrong person and just watched it disappear. No way to cancel it. No warning, no support. Just gone. That's why I switched to Cash App. And honestly, I haven't looked back. It's fast, easy, and safe. Exactly how Money app should work. Setup was instant. I just entered my phone number, a few basic details and boom, I was ready to go. No bank account needed and the best part, no Waiting around. I sent money to a friend for concert tickets and it hit their account immediately. No weird processing delay. No pending, just done. Plus Cash App watches your back. If you're about to send money to a suspicious account, it will warn you that peace of mind. Huge. And okay. Yes, I do customize my payments with dumb emojis and brunch picks. It makes paying people back actually kind of fun. I love using Cash App because it's fast, it's safe, and it just makes life way less stressful. For a limited time only new Cash App users can use our exclusive code to earn some additional cash. For real, there is no cash. Just download Cash App and sign up. Use our exclusive referral code, Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S in your profile. Send $5 to a friend within 14 days and you will get $10 dropped right into your account. Terms apply. That's money. That's Cash App.


We live in an environment that our biology was never designed for. EMFs, artificial light seed oils, microplastics, endocrine disruptors, chronic stress. Now these modern assaults, they disrupt our cellular signaling negatively impacting gut health and accelerating aging armor, colostrum, revives, cellular signaling, bolstering our health from within to defend against everyday threats. Colostrum is nature's first whole food. With over 400 bioactive nutrients that work at the cellular level to reactivate your body's innate capacity to regenerate and thrive. Are you ready to reclaim your health? Look, I love Armra colostrum. I know you will too. It has helped me so much. We've worked out a special offer for our audience. Receive 15% off your first order, go to try Armra dot com slash midas or enter Midas to get 15% off your first order. That's T-R-Y-A-R mra.com/midas. Try Armra dot com slash midas


so you ever wake up and feel like your body just hit the snooze button on life. Yeah, same honestly. Aging sneaks up on you in some wild ways. Whether it's a night out or a good workout, I just don't bounce back the way that I used to. One day you're full of energy. The next you're Googling how to stretch without pulling a muscle. I believe one of the best aging breakthroughs of the last decade is qua lytic. And here's why. It's designed to help your body naturally eliminate something called senescent cells, also known as zombie cells. These are the ones that just hang around after they've stopped doing their job, draining your energy and making you feel well old. Think joint discomfort, sluggish recovery, low energy. The whole deal quality of lytic is a groundbreaking supplement made with nine plant-based nutrients. And you only take it two days a month. That's it. Since I started taking it, I felt more energized, quicker to recover from workouts and honestly just more like me. Again, plus quality is breakthrough. Formulation is vegan, non gmo, and tested by leading scientists. Experience the science of feeling younger. Go to quality of life.com/midas for up to 50% off your purchase and use code Midas for an additional 15%. That's Q-U-A-L-I-A life.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for that extra 15% off your older self will. Thank you. And thanks to Qualia for sponsoring this episode. Let's go.


Shout out to our sponsors links in description of both YouTube and the audio. Use the links, use the codes. If there's an exit survey, let them know we sent you Benji before I toss it over to you. I'm gonna make a prediction. The Midas mighty never let us down. When we make this prediction, I believe that we will hit 5 million YouTube, Subscribe, Meidas, and by or before July 1st. So that's 20 odd days right now, depending on when you're listening to this. Don't, don't make me look like a fool. Y'all, the Midas mighty have never let us down before we are on our way. We're about 90,000, 89,000 Subscribe Meidas. Y'all hit subscribe right now If you haven't yet. We're gonna hit 5 million before July 1st book market.


Let's revisit this in 20 days. Benji, we're too next. I'll, I'll, I'll have to stay on the knee. Avoid any surgery. I'm gonna do my, I'm gonna, I'm gonna tough it out. I'm gonna tough it out. Jay. Thanks me, bro. Yeah, a lot of that, a lot of that bravado is actually based on you recording from your knees for the next 20 days. So don't, don't stop. I, I, I'm aware of what was implied in that California governor Gavin Newsom fighting back. And it's been a real, I think, great moment for California. Governor Newsom. Not one that he wanted, but he was made for this role. And we saw California Governor Gavin Newsom stand up to Donald Trump during the wildfires.


And I thought that was one of the kind of real first, I think, rallying calls. I know for our audience here, when they saw how Gavin Newsom was standing up to Donald Trump when Trump was lying about the wildfires. I think even If you, If you spoke to Governor Newsom the way I have, he'll admit to you that he was caught off guard at the degree to which the right wing during a tragedy would exploit it and just spread all this disinformation. And so with the wildfires, I think it took him about a day and a half before he really understood, wow, they're shaping the narrative in a way that's completely FI gotta, I, I don't just have to actually do what the governor's job actually is, which is to get the resources and mobilize the state like never before in a successful way.


I have to equally spend my time fighting the disinformation you, you saw in real time him make that realization. But he's been ready for, you know, for this to happen again. And, you know, the way he's been standing up to Trump and Tom Holman, the rapid fire him pointing out when Donald Trump tried to take credit that the National Guard stopped the protests. He said, first off, the National Guard hasn't even arrived yet, so you have no clue what the hell you're talking about. And then the next day when the protests continued, so, so now what? So now you lied and said that they stopped it. No, you've actually made things significantly worse. And Governor Newsom's been pointing out all of these facts, you know, like when the, when these red states try to attack him and go, oh, California's a failed state.


He's like, we're funding your state moron. Your state exists and hasn't gone bankrupt because of us. Oh, you want to talk about violent crime in our state, the violent crime in your state. Let's look at your stats. Maybe you should go be a coach, a bad one. Tuberville stick to being a bad coach. You don't even know the football players who are even on your team rather than being a, a, a senator. 'cause you have no clue what the hell you're talking. So he's been going back and forth and, and then to me, like this moment that I think Will, is really defining of the past, you know, few days is, you know, you've got that guy Tom Holman.


Do I do a Tom Holman impression? He gives Barney Rubble a really bad name, you know, and, and, but Holman, we weird dude. Like, you know, this guy is into, he's we weird because his thing about like a OC gets, I'm gonna Arrest c I'm gonna rest. I'm gonna a c you Know, he, he goes There, I'm gonna tell you what we're gonna do. We're gonna arrest David Newsom today, okay, everybody, All right, we're gonna arrest you. We're coming for you. You know, and he's like evil and, and just like, like, like we, I don't know if he, and he's, he's working on his last brain cell over there Way going after you. That's what we're gonna do. We can't go after everybody.


It doesn't matter what you do. We can Do, we have Tom Holman. So people can just see that my impression is somewhat spot on right here is everyone that has Been arrested by ice agents have a criminal record, like those you've described. Absolutely not. And I said, from day one, January 20th, we will prioritize public safety threats and national security threats. However, we will enforce law. I I may prioritize my family life over my, over my work. Doesn't matter. Ignore my work. We're gonna force immigration law. We've been honest about that from day one, especially in sanctuary cities where we can't get the bad guy in the safety and security of a jail. They release him to the street and well, we gotta go to the street and find them.


And when we find them many times with others, others are, are in the United States. Illegal may not be a criminal target. But guess what? If Vice is there arresting that bad guy, other I aliens are there, we're going to arrest him. That's what sanctuary cities get. They put us in the neighborhood, they force in the neighborhoods. This is what happens. Now, here's what governor, new Governor Newsom had to say about that. Let's play it. It's been here 10 years. The fear, the horror, the hell is this guy come after me, arrest me. Let's just get it over with tough guy. You know, I don't give a damn, but I care about my community. I care about this community. The hell are they doing? These guys need to grow up. They need to stop and we need to push back.


And I'm sorry to be so clear, but that kind of bloviating is exhausting. So, Tom, arrest me. Let's go. You know, in terms of the u gov poll, the handling of Trump's deportations, 50% disapprove, new, new pull out. I mean, this guy's the most unpopular, you know, when you go to communities, when, when you're in the real world and you're not, See, Okay, when you live in the real world and you have to exist with other human beings, you realize that they don't all look like you. Okay? And you realize that your neighbor, who may be a different ethnicity from you is actually someone who contributes and you like them.


And these are people who you work with. And you go to your school, and maybe they're not the same sexual orientation against as you are, but you work with people. You embrace their humanity. You respect their existence and their Dignity. Aren't they? Come Tim Homan. It's just so utterly ridiculous. And Americans don't want that shit. We don't want military parades. We don't want that crap. We don't want families being separated. We do want go after the criminals. You have all of our support. Go after criminals, go after terrorists, go after the bad guys. Do not start ripping kids and pregnant women and, and hardworking. What are you doing? And people who are paying their tax, people who are showing up at court, it is utterly, utterly ridiculous.


And then Meanwhile, I don't wanna forget about the budget Bill. Let me show you right here. MAGA Mike Johnson talking about the budget bill. And he's like, well, we of course need to make sure we're protecting not just the billionaires, but silencers, gun silencers, the second amendment. We wanna make sure there's no regulation on gun silencers. So we're gonna take away your food stamps and your healthcare to 15 million Americans, but tanning beds and gun silencers, of course, that's what we're focused on here. Play this clip One. There is a provision that emanates attacks on gun silencers. Now, this is a tax that has been on the books for about a hundred years.


What, why? Why are you suddenly cutting attacks on silencers? Well, There was a, there's a lot of thought and deliberation that went into that as well. The Second Amendment is a critical freedom in the Constitution, and there's no real rationale for silently for adding taxes on, on, on these pieces of equipment. And we had the votes to do it. I think it was a long time overdue. I think we have to protect the fundamental freedoms of the American people. And there's, there's no rationale. The government should not be making money on something that you have a fundamental inalienable right to Do not forget about this disastrous budget bill. Okay? It's gonna rip away healthcare from 15 million people. It's gonna literally give a thousand dollars, take it, steal it out of the hands of people making under 50 K, and give it to the billionaires so that they, so that people making more than $4.2 million can get what?


$400,000 more? Like that's what they need. Imagine If you took that $400,000 and you actually put it to giving people healthcare and helping people and putting people in houses. Could you imagine if that's what our focus was on? And then finally, let me share this with you. This was Zelinsky in his interview this weekend where he has to again, go to the American media and say, we know that Trump's an idiot, basically, but we're still fighting this war and we need you here play this clip. Does President Trump believe that Russia is winning this war, do you think? Yes. Has he told you that? I think he, he's publicly sad about it. And I know that he shared this information with some people around him.


And I think this operation, and I, I said it a lot of times, it's not true. It's not a victory when you spend really spent 1 million people, Powerful words from Zelensky. And he has taken a, you know, he's, he's taken a stand here against all the disinformation that we've been seeing from Donald Trump. It's like every, literally, quite literally every situation that we've seen, Donald Trump just makes things worse over and over again. Whether that's in Ukraine, whether that's with these so-called trade deals that don't exist, by the way, whether it's any literally name an issue. And I will say, yes, that happened again on this issue. And just to go back to what Maga Mike was saying, and, and Ben had to run outta here to, to do something quickly, to go back to what Maga Mike was saying before, I wanna give you some updates on this GOP budget bill, because the thing is still in utter chaos.


So this is coming right now from Jake Sherman who reports on the hill. And so they haven't even sent the bill to the Senate yet. We're finding out Mike Johnson has not sent that budget bill to the Senate yet. And we're seeing, you know, all this chaos surrounding this bill, all these Republican politicians that have come out against the bill, we saw Elon Musk completely blow up the bill last week. Well, now we're learning that House Republicans plan to use a rule this week to make technical changes to the bill. So I think they're gonna have to re-vote on this bill. They're gonna have to go through the whole process yet again. And they're trying to figure out, now how do we appease all this very, all these various factions in the Republican party, how do we try to get this bill through?


And so now they're looking at, you know, all sorts of various things right now, you know, the, there's the issue that Marjorie Taylor Greene was upset, which was the AI issue. There was a rule that said that states are unable to regulate AI at all for like a period of 10 years. And even Marjorie Taylor Greene was like, that's kind of crazy to take away the rights from states to, to not be able to regulate, you know, this, this technology that's growing so rapidly and a whole bunch of other things. So we're gonna see ultimately where that lands. But there are certainly, is this not most republican modern day Republican party thing, Brett, that you've witnessed? Like they didn't read the bill. Did. Is anyone read? Like that's why they have to go back and re vote on it now.


It's, it's absolutely pathetic. Do your job. It's a good point. Do your job, do your job. The first time you're voting on, on law, what do you whatcha doing? You're not reading the bill. Now we have to go back and do this whole process all over again because you were too lazy to do what the taxpayers are paying you to do. What are we doing? Yeah. And it's like now Republican politician after Republican politician continues to come out with a statement, oh, I didn't actually read this portion. I didn't actually know that we were gonna, that's it, that's actually your job, okay? And If you wanna blame it being rushed through whatever, well, you guys did that. So like, enough, enough is enough. Take some damn responsibility for your actions and it, it, it's just insane. Stop making the American people, the victims of your ineptitude.


It's what you do every single day. And it's, it's just unfair to the American people. You're, you're supposed to govern, okay? That's why you're supposedly elected to for some reason, right? So may maybe do your jobs and stop trying to start shit with the American people. Stop going to war with the American people, whether it's stripping them of their healthcare or whether it's sending the military onto the streets in order to spark chaos. It's not right. It's not okay. This is not what the United States of America is supposed to be about, but apparently it is what it is about under this Trump administration, and it is so incredibly gross. I do wanna give a shout out to Gavin Newsom for the way he's been handling this crisis. You know, he is, he's really been proactive with it.


And I feel like he's, I I, I would watch his moves, his communication style and what he is been doing on, on digital, especially because he's been very good and he's honestly probably the first elected politician that I've seen currently who has been very skilled at getting ahead of the messaging, at making sure that he swats down the lies that prop up from this, this maga cesspool online. Because as Ben was saying before, he got to, he had to deal with this last time too, during the fires when these MAGA people were spreading all of these lies about the city. So now he's doing it again. So he has to both be a governor and he also has to be a fact checker, and he has to be a digital media savant. And, and it has to be able to get out a message now quicker than other people are able to get out their messages.


And as we know, lies often spread a lot quicker than the truth. So, like I said earlier in this episode, you know, as we go into these coming days, Trump and Hegseth and all of these people at the White House, all of these Republicans, they're going to continue to try to make things worse. They wanted things to get as ugly as possible. They wanna see images of burning cars. They wanna see images of chaos. They like those images of whether it's National Guard or Marines or, you know, pushing through crowds of people. They like that, right? They wanna show, you know, what they think is strength. What I see it as is complete and other utter weakness. But they're gonna continue to ramp this stuff up.


So I wanna make sure first, know your rights. Know what you can do when you go to protest. Know that your right to free speech. Know the things that you have to, and, and you can look all all this up online, right? Know your rights obviously remain peaceful if you're going to these protests, it's very important that you remain peaceful and, you know, show support for the folks who are out there. Show support for these communities right now that are being terrorized across the United States of America. Because I could assure you it's starting right now in Los Angeles and some other pockets across the United States. It will come to your door eventually. That is Donald Trump's plan. He's going to do what authoritarians do. That is the playbook.


Do not be caught off guard by this. It is up to us right now to, to remain vigilant. It is up to us right now to combat the lies, to push back, to fight back peacefully, to quell this unrest that Donald Trump is trying to spark in our communities. And we also need to tell them, get the hell out. Okay? I think that's the most American thing also, right? Imaginable, right? Do you want the federal government encroaching on your space? And I never want to hear ever, ever, ever again from any of these republicans, from any of these people who can say, oh, we're the party of small government. We don't want the government in our stuff. I've never felt the government more up in my shit than right now.


And by the way, also during the previous Trump administration, you know, when I really don't think about the government much, it was when Joe Biden was president and things were quietly getting done when things were quietly getting accomplished. You know, I think people felt the government in good ways then, right? They went to the pharmacy and they paid $35 for insulin for the first time. You know, I think that's a good way to fuel the government, which you don't wanna do, is see exactly what's going on in our cities, in our towns, in our communities, in our neighbors. So I wanna send my solidarity, you know, show my solidarity, you know, to all the people out there who have, who are being terrorized right now by the Trump regime. And Jordy, do you have anything else to add as we sort of wrap up here? No, I just, I just wanna say this is a great episode, powerful episode.


We covered a lot of information. Thanks to you guys for sticking around, listening to all of this. Thank you all for sharing these episodes. It's really helpful. Please, If you haven't yet subscribed to our YouTube channel, I'm serious about that 5 million by, by July one. I think we could hit that for sure. The power of this community is, is real. And so If you haven't yet, please subscribe to the My Touch YouTube channel. Please subscribe to the MeidasTouch podcast on audio, apple, Spotify, wherever you get your audio, please download the Minus Touch podcast, subscribe to it, give us a five star review. That would be Fanta fabulous. Please leave the comment as well. I like that. Fan. Fan, fabulous fan. Fabulous. That was a new one. We're gonna just have to keep rolling that out, fan. Fabulous. There we go. That happens. That, that's good. By the way, just like in, in the midst of all this, you know, just to go back to some news, because I, I, I had this headline in front of me that I want to bring up earlier.


RFK Junior also today removed all 17 members of a CDC advisory panel and his latest move to dismantle years of vaccine policy. And so these are the people who advise the country on vaccine policy and on what vaccines we all need and how to proceed with vaccines and all that stuff. So that also happened in the mix. You know, I know there's an impulse and I totally get it, and sometimes it's a hundred percent accurate and I, I guess you can consider it, but you know, people like to say constantly, don't focus on this as a distraction. Don't focus on this as a distraction. I, I think one of the issues of, of the Trump administration and of reporting on the Trump administration is that these are actually a lot of reported issues, you know, before us, every single day. And Trump does have a flood the zone with shit approach that's comes from his, you know, 2016 run.


The last administration, Steve Bannon said it out loud that their plan was to flood the zone with shit. Those were her, his words, right? Overwhelm the system so much that people don't even have time or the ability to react. So on the one hand, sure, are there distractions, ab absolutely he is the master of distraction. At the same time, there are a lot of important stuff that we need to be focused on. That's why I wanted to bring in this RFK story as well. 'cause I don't wanna want us to get, you know, and lose sight of any of these issues in particular, right? What's happening in Los Angeles is important. What was happening between Musk and Trump? Also important, what's happening at the CDC important, what's happening to Social Security and Medicaid and Medicare also important, what's happening with these changes to the GOP bill.


Also important. These, it is just, we live in a world now where we're gonna have to stay on, you know, just keep keeping track of everything. So, like Jordy said, I do wanna thank you because just the very fact that you are listening to these podcasts, that you're sharing these with friends and family, you are doing such a great service and, and we're so appreciative that you remain in tune because I understand, we understand. Trust us, it's difficult to sometimes get up in the morning. It's difficult sometimes. It's a lot to want, it's a lot to want to read the news, to wanna watch videos about it. I, I, I totally get it. We live in it. We believe us. We understand it's not, it's not easy. This is in my backyard right now. It's not easy.


But I'm so proud of everybody, honestly, for that you continue to use your voice, that you continue to speak out that, that you just continue to do all the hard work that, that you all do. So let's keep, let's keep pushing along. We got a, a big week ahead of us. I'm not going to sugarcoat things and say that this week is going to be easy. It's not going to be easy. But I could promise you that we at the Midas Touch Network will be there every single step of the way. So, like Jordy said, make sure you're following us on all of our platforms, and please make sure that you add the Midas Touch Podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. That's such a huge help for us, for getting the word out. Leave a five star review there as well if you can. Jordy, wanna take it away? Shout out to the Midas. My day can't get enough.


Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.