
When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or ip. For short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders


Every day. Thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists like Kunle put people at the heart of everything they create in The average household. There are dozens of connected devices here in the Comcast family. We're building an integrated in-home wifi solution for millions of families like my own. It brings people together in meaningful ways. Kunle and his team are building a wifi experience that connects 1 billion devices every year. Learn more about how Comcast is redefining the future of connectivity. At comcast corporation.com/wifi,


Your data is like gold to hackers, and they ll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. And McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com. Cancel any time terms apply.


Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms proving difficult to manage? Taya Guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year. Many patients taking Taya achieved clinical remission and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. Tremfya is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis, serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor If you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or If you need a vaccine, ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms, call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit taya radio.com.


So I was forced to be evacuated as a result of the LA fires. I'm not sure the status of my home right now, but I'm reporting from you from a safe location. My family is safe, my dogs are safe. That's really all that matters. And what matters to me is that as many people are safe as as possible, that everybody is safe. My my heart goes out to everybody impacted by the devastation that's occurred moments ago as well. We learned that fire had broken out by Brett's home. Brett's home had not been the subject of any prior fires, but a fire broke out right near where his direct exit is.


And so he had to flee and he had to escape. And so our hearts are with Brett right now during this chaotic moment as well. And we'll do our best to keep you updated on Brett's status. But he had to go immediately when he learned about the most recent fire. I want to talk about Donald Trump's despicable, dastardly, and divisive conduct as it relates to these fires. Constant lies about the fires, constant lies about Governor Newsom and Mayor Bass, and how it's the responsibility or the fault of DEI or ESG or wokeness and how that has been amplified on right wing media on ex formerly Twitter.


And I want to just talk about how never before in really in American history, would natural disasters like this be used as wedge issues to divide we the people. And we see that over and over again with maga, not just as it relates to these fires and the devastation, but if there's a hurricane, if there's a terrorist attack, they'll blame Democrats, they'll blame migrants right away. I just wanna talk about that because I'm not okay with that. And I could, ima I can imagine the fear that my brother's going through the fear of other people as they were escaped.


I know the fear that me and my family went through as we got an alert on our phones, you know, escape now, you know, your lives are on the line. Whatever the thing said, get out of your house right now. And we, and we got out, you know, just in time. And then to immediately, like immediately see Donald Trump and MAGA say, this is all Newsom's fault. This is all Democrat's fault, Democrats this, Democrats that. And then they do these lies about, oh, it's because Karen Bass cut this from the budget. I mean, that's, that's false. She, she didn't, that's not what happened. Actually. $50 million was added for firefighting. But we'll, we'll talk about all of that and more here.


I'll talk about some other topics. Elon Musk, for example, said that Doge, that made up agency or cabinet position that doesn't really exist, that claims it was gonna cut $2 trillion from the budget. Well, Elon Musk says it probably won't even be able to do half of that amount. So yet another lie. And when we talk about these lies, and also I've been talking about with you this concept of WMMD weapon of mass distraction. I think it's important that we take Donald Trump's threats and behavior seriously.


When he threatens Canada, Greenland, Denmark, Panama, Mexico, you name it, we we need to take it very seriously because he does have the power and means with the United States military to attack and and threaten. But I also think it's important that we not lose focus ever on the fact that Donald Trump wants us to just pay attention to these shiny objects every day and his personal immorality and his personal putrid behavior while he fails to deliver on promise after promise. Always ask yourself, okay, cool, but how does this lower our prices?


Okay, cool. How does this help me get affordable housing? Okay, cool. How does this improve my health or get me access to healthcare? Okay, cool. How does this help my family empower themselves better than how does it help me get jobs? What about all of those promises? And so how does this, how does this relate to you promised in 24 hours you were going to end Russia's war on Ukraine, but now instead you're talking about invading Canada or Greenland. Weren't you supposed to solve that one first, like you said?


So I don't want us to ever lose sight about that. I wanna also talk about some updates in the various Trump court cases. We'll talk about Donald Trump's emergency appeal to the United States Supreme Court after Donald Trump lost at the trial court intermediate division, the Appellate Division, and New York's top court, which happens to confusingly be called their court of appeals. You would think New York's top court is called their Supreme Court. Actually, their trial courts called the Supreme Court, the highest courts, the Court of Appeals. They just wanna, I think, throw us off there a little bit. But Trump lost at all levels. So of course he goes to his buddies at the Supreme Court, and then Donald Trump called Justice Alito, one of the right wing extremist judges who flew an American flag upside down, you know, showing what guilty to the insurrection or showing sympathy towards the insurrection.


So he calls Alito under the pretext of their, talking about one of Alitos law clerks who's looking for a job in the Trump administration, right? As Donald Trump's filing his brief to the Supreme Court before Justice Alito. Can we talk about a conflict of interest there? Like how, how is that being normalized? We'll talk about the international solidarity that's growing against Donald Trump. How the EU is now talking about its defense packed to protect its own members. That if America is actually threatening to invade that Europe is ready to use its military to defend against the United States.


So now, not only is Donald Trump not solving Russia's unlawful invasion like he claimed he would do 24 hours after his election, but now we have our allies talking about using their military to stop us from invading them. I mean, seriously, this is, this is where we're at. Also worth noting, we talked about Trump's disastrous press conference earlier in the week. I don't want to give him more attention or time there, but we also learned that Fox and I put this in quotes, Fox News gave Donald Trump all of their questions in advance.


So everything that Donald Trump accuses what President Biden or Kamala Harris or Democrats, which are doing, which they don't, trump's like just getting the questions and corporate media's like Oakly Oakly, we're cool with that. Anyway, that's what we're gonna talk about today. Again, my heart goes out to, to everybody and suffering from these devastating fires, everybody who's suffers from natural disasters, what whatever you're going through, my, my, my heart is with you. I wish there were ways I could help more than just having a show and having this network. But I think it is an important function that we get our truthful and and and accurate news.


And you know, as I'm doing this intro, my mind's wandering a little bit more than normal because I'm literally thinking about moments ago learning that Brett has to escape for his life. So I'm, I'm thinking about Brett right now as well. So you'll have to harden me perhaps during the show as, as my mind wanders in that direction. But thank you everybody for all of the wishes that you've sent my way. I have so many emotions right now, you know, and, and you know, I'm thinking about Brett, I'm thinking about everybody who, who lost their homes, people who are still in the line of danger.


And then I'm thinking about Trump's statements. Anyway, Jordy, let me, let me bring, let me bring you in. It's not the episode I wanted to be doing at the beginning, the beginning of the year. Yeah. But, you know, I, I wanna be here with, I wanna be here with the might. No, Benji, great intro man. And I, I hear you. My heart goes out to everybody being affected by these fires. And it was wild right before we did the show, bridges we just told go like, he's gotta go. And man, I mean, it's just, my heart goes out to everybody impacted by these fires. What's happening right now. You know, it, it's interesting perspective being out of state, Ben, and having you and Brett there and getting the minute by minute updates on, on how you guys are doing and, and what's going on and your families are safe and things like that.


And, you know, try and find a place of, of safety. And it's just, it's such a feeling of helplessness. I I don't know how much I'd be able to help even if I were there, but just being here in, you know, in Pennsylvania right now, I just, I, my heart just breaks for you guys. And seeing what you've been through and just the bravery that you and your families have, you know, shown over these last 24, 48 hours. It's, it's amazing. And then to see the devastation on such a, you know, large scale, it's brutal. It's brutal. And I know we have a lot of Midas mighty out there, and, and I hope y'all are, are safe, genuinely my heartaches for you guys right now. I can't imagine what you're going through and just know, oh, it's times like these, it's why we have this great community of this pro-democracy, you know, warriors out there that I, I've always said it's the investment in this community which sets us apart from everything and everything.


We're not just the stagnant network, like the Midas mighty, it's a real thing of people who are just truly, you know, like a family. And so to just know that there are so many being impacted who are a part of this community too, my heart breaks. And just know that we are all here for you right now, and we're gonna be here for you tomorrow and next week and next month. And so please, you know, keep us posted on your wellbeings and how, how you're doing. I'm excited to get into the show. We're gonna update you guys on, on Brett the second we know more and just keep everyone as up to date as possible on that. But Benji, great, great introduction, man. And I think, I think you're excused if your brain wanders a little bit during this episode.


Well, look, I, I don't, I don't feel brave. There's nothing brave that I did. Let me be very clear. I'll tell you what bravery is, are the first responders who are on the front lines risking their lives, that that's who's brave? I mean, my, I I got a message on my phone, like, it kind of looks like when you get an amber alert and it said evacuate now. So all I, all I did was pack my stuff up, make sure my family was good, make sure my three month old was good, make sure my wife was good, make sure I had my dogs took, you know, what my laptop, a few other things, some clothes and, and left.


So I, I don't view that as bravery at at all. I view it as, I view it as trying to survive. I view what the first responders are doing as, as brave and I, I wish I could do more. I mean, I mean my, my, this is my job. I think there is a usefulness to getting out accurate information and debunking falsehoods with the platform that we have. I, I was weighing honestly, should I be going to some of the fire shelters and centers and is it a helpful use of my time to do that? Or is it a helpful use of my time to do the show because I have to get out accurate info because corporate media is not getting out the accurate info or they're both sides in the issue.


So I don't, I, I feel a lot of emotions. I feel I'm being as a human. So I'm not trying to act like I'm a tough guy or I'm brave. I, I feel guilty, I feel sad, I feel, I feel a bit nervous. I'm thinking about Brett, I'm wondering should I be doing, I'm just being open with you. Should I even be doing this show in the first place? My house, I, I don't, I don't know what's, last time I checked and I'm not getting a lot of updates, but my house is still, you know, you'll hear dogs. I'm, I'm in a place that's small, so we'll, we'll deal with it. My house, as far as I know, has not been burned down, but I've had friends whose homes have been devastated.


And, and so, you know, there's a, there's a new set of wind that are coming tonight hearing the news about Brett. So there's so much going on in my mind right now. I'll show you this. This is Gavin Newsom. Let me play you this clip of Newsom though, because he was trying to marshal resources. He is marshaling the resources, he's on the front lines. He's doing what you expect of a governor while Donald Trump's attacking him. I wanna share with you what Governor Newsom was asked by Anderson Cooper in the, and you'll see the fires right behind Newsom and Newsom's trying to govern from the front lines, by the way, something Trump would never do, and watch this interaction, let's play it.


Steven asked this question about the president-elect chose to attack you, blame you for This. It's one, can't even respond to it. I mean, it's, you know, people are literally fleeing. People have lost their lives. Kids lost their schools families completely torn us under churches burned down. This guy wanted to politicize it. I I, I, I have a lot of thoughts and I know what I wanna say. I won't. I stood next to a president of the United States of America today, and I was proud to be with Joe Biden. And he had the backs of every single person in this community. Didn't play politics, didn't try to divide any of us. Finally, your message Didn't play politics, didn't try to divide us, referring to President Biden Biden.


And when I interviewed President Biden in the Roosevelt room of the west wing of the White House, president Biden said, I don't care If you red state, blue state, I, I represent you. I'm gonna get you the resources you need, whether that's infrastructure, healthcare, whatever. I'm the president of all Americans. Even If you hate me, even If you don't like me, whatever, I'm going to deliver for all Americans. And the fact that during a crisis, while Newsom or Karen Bass and others are trying to govern, they're trying to be operators and deal with things, get this resource here or there, their goal isn't like, oh, I'm going to be an online troll and I need to like start, you know, saying, Ooh, you're calling me new scum, dumpy, dump the liar, dumpy, you are what?


You know, like, that's not what leaders do. But by not doing that, there's an information vacuum, right? Because the disin info is coming in one direction. The governing is coming from one direction, but there's really no one pushing back on the disinformation. But then even when you're pushing back, pushing back inherently means you are on the defense. There's already a narrative that you need to push back on. And so when you're pushing back, you're like, no, that's not true. That's a lie. That's not happening. It already sounds like, well, so you're just saying they're making all of this up to undermine you.


Yeah. Who does that? Who would make up such vile facts? They do, MAGA does on all of these things, no matter what it is. Maga makes up this stuff. When it came to the hurricanes recently, MAGA said, FEMA's not giving you resources. FEMA was, the migrants are taking all of your resources. They weren't, they blamed the Democratic governor at the time from North Carolina. The whole thing was politicized during the recent terrorist attack in New Orleans. MAGA immediately said migrants, it was Eagle Pass. When there was the, the, the thing on the Canadian border where there was like someone who crashed their car in like Buffalo, they said, oh, this is a terrorist attack.


This is like, you know, like Muslim terrorists who are coming in through the borders. And, and they would just, they'd make up things that are a hundred percent false. So now you have to like disprove a 100% falsehood. And then you have to do things like, actually let me explain to you the budgetary process and why it isn't true that Karen Bass cut $17 million. She actually increased. You are just looking at a budget item that shows one form of the appropriations, but actually she added $50 million to the budget. That's the truth, right? Karen Bass actually did not cut the budget.


It was a complicated budgetary thing. You have to look at the budget increased. But I was getting comments even from my own wife saying, while we were escaping, how do I defend this? And it was all of the lies that MAGA was spewing. And people in LA and people who she knew were reaching out to her saying, wait a minute, are Democrats causing this? Is this happening? And she's asking me, how do I defend? I'm like, you don't have to defend anything. Like, there's nothing to defend. Like, like let's be safe. Like, I'm sure these are all lies. I don't even wanna think about it right now. But then again, those lies are spreading while the fire is spreading, right? And people are trying to put out the fire and they're using it as a wedge issue to divide.


I mean, take a look at Trump. I don't want to read all the Trump posts because it's like, why even give it that much? Lemme lemme just say this really quickly though. That video of Newsom, man, it breaks my heart every time I look at that and watch that video, like, I actually also get angry and angrier every time I see Newsom having to defend himself as he's trying to govern as his area is, is burning, is literally on fire. He's gotta be asked questions about Trump and Trump's statements. And that's the thing too, Ben, it's not even just pushing back on the lies and then getting out the new information, right? All these leaders are are doing this as, as they're trying to do that lead right? They're trying to get their people safe, they're trying to get their resources there. And now there's an onslaught of just misinformation and lies that they have to react to in live time, where that couldn't be the furthest thing from his mind at the moment.


All he wants to do is get the truth out there and make sure his people are safe. And you're just seeing all this information, Ben, and it breaks my heart too, what you just said about, about sj, about your wife that ha how she, you know, she's getting all of these text, how am I supposed to defend myself here? It's like you guys are literally on the move for your life. Like it's gotta be the furthest thing from the point. But again, there's just so much bad information out there that it's so intentional that it, it's actually deadly. Like it is, it is making this situation a hundred million times worse off than dude. It is just so frustrating to see play out. And again, just so helpless being o on the other side of the country, watching you guys have to deal with all of this. It's nuts, man.


This is not what the norm was in our country. When there were disasters, we used to unite together, whether it was a terrorist attack, whether it was a natural disaster, it was kind of an unspoken rule because it was basic human morality that we didn't have to speak it who we are as Americans. We would try to rally around each other in disasters no matter what it was pull through together. And we were all one America. That's what we were. And part of my frustration would be putting it lightly for this whole maga movement, is that it's taken away that kind of fundamental fact of who we are, even as a country.


That everything, the moment it happens, it's used as a political wedge to divide and then it becomes a political football, every single thing. And I remember when you had John McCain during the campaign, when lies would be spread about former President Obama at that time, candidate Obama, Senator Obama's, you know, background. McCain would take away the mic and say, that's not true. That's not who we are. If I'm gonna win this, I wanna win this on facts. You, you're, you're not saying true things. And the fact that that's viewed as like weakness when it happens from someone like the late great senator John McCain, who risked his life in Vietnam fighting for our country.


And it's being directed at him by someone like Trump who claimed bone spurs to get out of Vietnam, to, to divide us. And I think, you know, we have to think through this though, because during disasters, people are at their most vulnerable. If you think about scammers, who do scammers go after most two types of people. Elderly and people who are going through disasters. That's the two groups that are the most vulnerable to scammers. And why? Because they tend to be vulnerable. And so when you're going through a tragedy, when you're feeling all of these emotions, you are more susceptible to be polluted by, by lies.


And every, every event, everything mega turns into a political thing, every aspect of it. Democrats, Democrats, Democrats. And you don't have, think about disasters, you don't have, think about, I mean, think about international boxing and the boxer from Algeria, who's, who was a woman who Maga was like, oh, that's secretly a man. And somehow Democrats like Democrats and Bidens were somehow involved in the Algerian boxer. And you're getting mad at the Algerian boxer in the Olympics where there's an olympic com no matter what it is, you, you, you can't go anywhere without MAGA doing these things.


Anyway, I wanna check on Brent, we'll take our first quick break, we'll come back, talk about more things, remind everybody to hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million Subscribe Meidas, check out midas plus.com, M-E-I-D-A-S-P-L-U-S midas plus.com. Our editor in Chief Rodowski does a great job curating that's check that out, patreon.com/midas touch as well. We held a zoom meeting earlier in the week. It was so great seeing everybody and meeting everybody. It was, it was really one of my favorite things to do. Check that out. We'll be right back after our first quick break.


Today's episode is brought to you by Ollie, clean, fresh nutrition. Your dog needs in five incredible flavors. They'll absolutely flip over finger pup. Real whole foods with minimal processing. It's one of the best choices you can make for their health. In fact, studies show that a perfectly portioned fresh food diet can extend your dog's life by two and a half years. Who doesn't want more time with their best friend? Let me tell you about my pup mochi. She's a bundle of energy and love, but finding the right food has always been a challenge. Either it's filled with all these questionable fillers, or let's face it, she's a very stubborn shihtzu who is very picky about what she eats and has very high standards. But with Ali, that's all changed. Their meals are made in US kitchens with fresh, carefully sourced ingredients and absolutely no harmful fillers or preservatives. Because Ali gently cooks their food and delivers it fresh. There's no need for shelf life, extending preservatives, just clean, wholesome nutrition. Ali offers five protein first recipes like fresh beef with sweet potatoes, fresh Turkey with blueberries, and fresh lamb with cranberries. Honestly, every time I open LLI pack, I think, wow, is my dog eating better than I am? And let's be real. She probably is. Here's how it works. You take Ollie's 32nd quiz to tell 'em about your dog, their weight activity level on health needs. Ali then uses that info to create a personalized meal plan with expert recommendations. First timers will get a starter box with two weeks worth of meals and a guy transitioning your pup to their new diet. Plus you can customize your plan with options like a full fresh plan, a topper plan, and even freshly baked recipes. Hey, they've got treats and supplements too, by the way. Give your puppy fresh start this new year with Ollie. Head to Ollie dot com slash midas, tell them all about your dog, and use that code Midas to get 60% OFF your FIRST BOX of meals when you subscribe today. And don't worry, Ollie offers a clean bowl guarantee on the first box. If you're not completely satisfied, you'll get your money back. That's OLLI e.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. And use that code Midas for 60% off your first box. Start your dog's New Year off right with Ollie.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Every January brings you 365 blank pages waiting to be filled in 2025. Maybe you're ready for a plot twist or maybe there's a part of your story you've been wanting to revise. Life isn't about resolutions that fade by February. It's about picking up the pen and becoming the author of your own life. Think of therapy as your editorial partner, helping you write new chapters and create the meaningful story you deserve to live. Now, I've personally benefited from therapy. It's helpful for learning positive coping skills and how to set boundaries. It empowers you to be the best version of yourself. And it isn't just for those who've experienced major trauma. BetterHelp is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient, and serving over 5 million people worldwide. Access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credential therapists with a wide range of specialists. Easily switch therapists anytime at no extra cost. Write your story with BetterHelp, visit BetterHelp dot com slash midas today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/midas. Shout out to our pro democracy sponsors. Use the links in the description of the YouTube and the audio. Thank y'all for sponsoring this. This is some great stuff right there.


And lemme just say this to Ben, shout out to the first responders I, I think we mentioned at the top of the podcast, but let's just say it again. What's going on out there in LA is wild. Unlike anything I've, I think is I've ever seen, quite frankly. And just shout out to the super brave and incredible first responders just helping out. Unbelievable. Here's the thing too. We've got first responders from all over Canada. I mean, first off, all over California, then in Canada, yeah, they're helping out as well. In Mexico. They are sending support as well. And then neighboring states. So I just want you to think about that because while Donald Trump tries to divide and he threatens Canada and Mexico all throughout Canada, they're giving resources to help in California also.


One of the things that Governor Newsom did as well in advance of the fires, was he called into action firefighters from Northern California who also came to help and were prepared with their truck. So this is a monumental effort right now. And this is a fire, the likes of which, you know, it's no longer once in a lifetime because of global warming and climate change. I wish it was once in a lifetime. But this, you know, given the winds, given the dryness, given all of the conditions it aligned to create this cataclysmic natural disaster, it didn't matter If you had a bajillion gallons of water at that time.


I mean, if, if you've seen those fires, it, it would be practically impossible to contain despite all of the best efforts. And so there are ways to try to deal with it and, and mitigate it, but to somehow blame that on, oh, there's, there's not enough water when there are literally millions of barrels of water. And then one of the things you have to be careful with as well is that If you keep the electricity on and you don't shut down electricity, you then become susceptible to additional fire starting based on the electric grid that's in place.


And then it could spread even more rapidly and quicker. And that grid can serve as kind of a conduit to then force that fire to rapidly spread into additional residential neighborhoods that it might not otherwise do. So there are complex considerations of how you deal with it, but those need to be actively considered discussed in a bipartisan way and dealt with. But the moment a tragedy strikes, boom, Maga Republicans are there to blame it on Democrats, to blame it on transgender people, to blame it on migrants, to blame it on whatever group they're, but there's always a blame right away. And again, I don't wanna read all of Trump's posts, by the way, I appreciate that our audience likes that.


I no longer play Trump videos or audios. It's a great, it's like a great policy that we don't show Trump. It's a, it's a really good policy because here's the thing, If you, I hope by now I've established enough trust over the last four years Yeah, that, you know, he says, when I say he says something, he says it. But also If you want to go, you can watch the clips. It's still on our social media. It's just not on our YouTube videos that I, you can always verify, wait a minute, let me check the Midas blue sky account or the Midas blue whatever, whatever the account is, and, and, and ultimately check it out. But here's one post where he goes, governor Gavin scu refuse to sign a water restoration declaration because he cares more about a fish called smelt.


Like all of that's false. There's nothing true about it. There's no such thing as a water restoration declaration. So if you try to, what is this water restoration declaration that he refused to sign that that's not a true thing. He didn't prioritize smelt over the people in California. That's false. And he's not to blame for this, but that was one of their angles of attack. They also say that it was because of Ukraine. I mean, Don Jr goes, oh look, of course the LA fire department donated a bunch of their supplies to Ukraine.


They then go on to blame it on DEI, Elon Musk, repost Libs of TikTok. And then this stuff gets millions and millions of views because Elon Musk amplifies on the algorithm himself and all this right wing nonsense. They prioritize DEI over saving lives and homes. And they show this thing, which was like, oh, you Karen, bass cut $17 million from the fire department. She didn't, there was actually $50 million added. They're looking at one budget item that was removed, but they didn't look at the full context of the budget that actually there was not a reduction. There was actually an, an increase that was made.


And by the way, e even if there was a reduction, I would still wanna know, you'd have to explain to me in terms, well then how would that have impacted a cataclysmic fire? I mean, Republicans are the ones who cut fire departments. Everyone, they, they're the first essential services. So even If you accepted their argument, which was false and accepted their premise, you have to then articulate to me how a cataclysmic fire would have been stopped with an additional $17 million. And the answer is it wouldn't. But it's BS anyway. And, and, and just not accurate and not true. You have additional posts by Elon Musk who was amplifying Alex Jones posts.


Alex Jones goes destroyed by Biden. Los Angeles fires are part of a larger globalist plot to wage, economic warfare and de-industrialized the United States before triggering total collapse. Alex Jones is the guy found liable for defaming the parents who lost their kids in school shootings by saying that the kids who died didn't really die. And that they and their parents were crisis actors who made up the school shooting and are faking their kids' death. This is who Trump and Maga and Elon Musk pal around with.


And by the way, if, If you go and look at the post from Gavin Newsom's team that tries to correct the disin info, and you look at the bottom, you'll see like how many views that gets on X and it's like, it, it, it, it gets like 30,000 views, 25,000 views. Oh, this one from Brandon Richards, 6,000 views where he actually lays out the facts that all of this is a lie. Here's the fact, here's the budget item, here's the amount of local government fire engines. Here's all of the things we did. Right? So that gets 6,838 views. Look at the bottom right there, you can see that.


But this Alex Jones post about a globalist plot to de-industrialized. Take a look at that. 3.8 million views, ugh, amplified by Musk. So the question is, is when you have that thing taking place, you see how dangerous it could be. And by the way, there was once a time where the algorithm was neutral and actually truthful facts would do better. You can complain what you want. Was Twitter run perfectly before Elon Musk? Well, no, there were lots of issues with it, but it was a pretty, the best content, content rose to the top right now. It's, you know, art of everything they accused Twitter of Being exactly everything they accused Twitter of doing is what Elon Musk's ex is now actually doing for the right wing mob.


I mean, it it is absolutely bonkers. I I have to read it is vile to be spreading so much any at all. But all of this misinformation right now, when people on the ground there are literally looking for resources and facts and just trying to survive and what are you gonna do? You're gonna, you're gonna shit post on x Oh, the Dems, oh the Libs, oh Ukraine, what are you doing? Like it is absolutely bonkers. And other countries must be looking at it. It's like y'all are politicizing buyers. Y'all, y'all are politicizing natural disasters. And it's not even gonna come as such a shock to them because, well, the right wing mob did it for the, the hurricanes not too long ago.


This is what they do. They don't care about the citizens of this country. They really don't. What they care about is shitposting and spreading disinformation as long as it puts forward their agenda, whatever agenda, hate-filled agenda that is, it is bonkers, it is sad, it is disgusting. And frankly it has to stop. And that's why I'm so glad that we get to do this show, Ben, and get people the facts and get the information out there. So now the Midas mighty in this community could take the information that you've shared Ben, and thank you for sharing all of that stuff to, to their circles. 'cause I'm sure they're getting asked, oh, did, did they really, did they really donate all of that to Ukraine? Oh, why, why are we even talking about this right now? People's lives are on the line, first of all.


And just thank goodness that there again is this community that exists because again, my head's a little bit all over the place thinking about bread and thinking about you for this episode and, and everybody out there and it's just, I, I just love and appreciate this community so damn much and just so grateful that, that we have this the collectively. And so Ben, let's say you, There's just this brain rot, If you will, that has really caused so many people who have perpetually lived in digital spaces and have not connected with kind of the outside world and outside communities that their, that their minds have been so wired into this, into these conspiracy portals that move them deeper and deeper and deeper kind of into this madness and hate and, and divisiveness.


And you know, one, one of the crazy things that I was just experiencing too is even when I would type in the name of my town to try to get accurate information about what was going on, you know, and it's not like a well-known town that's like out there that like lots of people talk about, you know, I would see people ostensibly who live in my town or near my town and I would like look at their profiles because this is where I would have to go on X to look at it. And I would see the, where we go one, we go all stuff and like all of this like, like, like just wild stuff. And I'm thinking to myself, I'm like, I don't know. Is this my name?


These people live near me. Like, like what, what what is even what is even going on? I mean, you, you, you, you're, you're Q Anon. I mean, how are you functioning? You, you, you're buying this Q Anon stuff while the leader of your party was found liable for sexual assault. But you find that not believable. I mean, he hung out with Jeffrey Epstein, but like, that doesn't, that doesn't like bother you. Like women who were trafficked by Epstein were at Mar-a-Lago. Like they worked at Mar-a-Lago, Donald Trump Whiskey Lane Maxwell. Like that, like that doesn't bother you. Like there's the Matt Gates report, the ethics report, which talks about how they found substantial evidence of statutory rape of a 17-year-old while he was on all these drugs.


And Trump appointed him to be the Attorney General and then he backed out of Attorney General. But like, he's like a hero of the MAGA movement. I'm like thinking to myself, you know, are you reading these message like you are a, you know, all of the Maga republicans other than those in the ethics committee pretty much tried to cover up for gates. I mean they were the party that was gonna try to cover up statutory rape, you know, and, and like it's like you are like, you are okay with this. And I just think about the double standards. Like if Democrats, Democrats are getting, put it this way, Democrats are getting attacked for things that are made up and don't exist like that aren't even happening. And that's like disqualifying yet alone.


If Democrats actually did any of these, I mean, could you imagine if President Biden was out there posting about going to war with Denmark to use the military against Panama? Put it this way, if President Biden said it, no one would be like, oh, he's trolling. People would be like, oh he's, he's ready to go. Like, because when a leader speaks, you should speak with clarity. When you say things like that, it's incomprehensible to me that you would do that just to troll. It has real ramifications.


Like when we talk about what's going on in the international community, think about from the perspective of Russia and China where Russia's territorial ambitions, not just of Ukraine, but of other neighbors, whether it's Finland, Poland, whatever neighbor Donald Trump by saying he thinks it's acceptable to annex Canada and take over Greenland and Panama gives by itself justification for Russia to say, yeah, we're going after this country, that country. Why is it wrong for us? Trump's going after Greenland and Mexico and Canada, that this is just what you do.


It's no longer the law of international law. It's the law of the strong. And I'm telling you, in a law of the strong international geopolitical realm, you need allies. Idiot. You need allies. If you're gonna go that way, you need allies. Okay? And in the law of the strong, the guy who claimed bone spurs to avoid fighting in Vietnam ain't gonna win the law of strong versus a former KGB agent in Vladimir Putin. Let's be very clear there, okay? Donald Trump invited President Xi Jinping to his inauguration and Xi Jinping said, said, no, I wanna be clear.


And don't you think that it justifies China's one China policy and for all this talk that Republicans, oh we we're supporting Taiwan and you know, we need to stop China. All their tough talk on China. Like y'all realize that by Donald Trump just spouting this stupid rhetoric and this dangerous rhetoric justifies China taking over Taiwan. 'cause they go, why don't we get Taiwan? You're saying Canada and Mexico and Greenland and Panama. So we say Taiwan and we say, think about what you're doing and the way you're destabilizing the entire world. We'll talk about that. We'll talk a little bit about some of these court cases. We're gonna take our last break of the day.


I'm trying to get a hold of Brett to try to give everybody an update. I haven't got a hold of him yet. We'll, we'll do our best to get you an update there. Make sure to hit subscribe here. Oh by the way, make sure you subscribe to our audio podcast as well. That's important and, and so just search the Midas Touch podcast. Even If you don't listen on audio, it helps us a lot If you subscribe 'cause it helps with those audio numbers. And that helps us get more sponsors. So subscribe to the audio as well. And also don't just subscribe to this YouTube channel, which by the way is free. Turn your notifications on for the YouTube channel. You may subscribe but not have your notifications on.


So if you subscribe and have your notifications on it sends you an update every time we drop a new video. So do that. Also thank you to our mods who are working really, really hard. We appreciate you remember midas plus.com. And then separately, you can check out patreon.com/midas touch as well. And we'll take a quick break, our last quick break and we've got a bunch to discuss when we get back.


Your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. If you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you check out Miracle Made Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long. I get so many emails from the Midas Mighty saying how great Miracle Made sheets are and how it's changed their lives for the better. Here's why it uses silver infused fabrics inspired by nasa. So therefore, Miracle Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather. So you get better sleep every night. Now these sheets are also infused with silver, as I said, and that prevents up to 99.7% of bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. So no more gross odors. Also, miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without that high price tag of other luxury brands and it feels as nice to me, If not nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. So upgrade your sleep this year. Go to try miracle.com/midas, that's T-R-Y-M-I-R-A-C e.com/m EI ds to try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, If you order today, you can save over 40%. And If you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get a free three piece towel set and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE TOWEL SET and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


What does the future hold for business? You ask nine experts, you get 10 different answers. Bull market, bear market will rates rise, will rates fall? Can someone please invent a crystal ball? Until then, over 40,000 businesses have future proof their business with Netsuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management inventory, HR into one fluid platform with one unified business management suite. There's one source of truth giving you the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions like we need to do at the Midas Touch Network with real time insights and forecasting. You're peering into the future with actionable data. And you know, I love data when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you're spending less time looking backwards and more time on what's next. That's why I use this, and you should too. So whether your company is earning millions or even hundreds of millions, Netsuite helps you respond to the immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. Speaking of opportunity, download the CFO's Guide to AI and machine learning at Netsuite dot com slash midas. The guide is free to you at Netsuite dot com slash midas. That's N-E-T-S-U-I-T e.com/midas. One more time, go to Netsuite dot com slash midas. Thanks Netsuite.


Some really wonderful sponsors, links in description of YouTube and audio. Click the links, use the codes, let them know we sent you Benji, where to Yeah, let's talk about some of Donald Trump's threats internationally. I I I, when I do this though, I want to go back to a theme I've been talking about, which is weapon of mass distraction, WMD, which is we always, we need to take what Trump says seriously when he threatens foreign countries. 'cause it has serious implications and we're seeing serious reactions from serious people in foreign countries. Okay? It has a serious impact.


And the fact that it's just a troll, I don't buy that, but I do think it's part, I think he's just reckless, outrageous, but it's dangerous. And I think you, how do you have to assume if you're a foreign country that he may do the things he says he's going to do? Which is why the European Union's Joint Defense Agreement is essentially being triggered, right? They're saying, okay, they've had meetings. European leaders are basically saying, look, if Trump's doing this, we need to make clear that we will support each other in a war against the United States of America.


If he tries to take over the sovereignty of a nation, that we will go to war with America. I can't even believe I'm saying those words that our allies in Europe have to now think about using their military in a war against the United States because Donald Trump is threatening war against Europe right now while, while attacking all just all of our allies. I I I mean this, this, this reckless attack on, on everybody. You're just gonna go, you're gonna go it alone. Don't you think that's gonna play right into the hands of Putin and China?


And then you just hear these maga Republican Congress members and it's like, you know, do, do, do they make this brand of idiot in a factory like a MAGA factory? I mean, who, who uses language like that? I'm not gonna show you the videos, but I'll just tell you what they said. The MAGA Republicans are saying things like this. This is Brandon Gill, trust me, you don't want to hear this guy's voice anyway said. He goes, president Trump is bringing us into a golden age of America. This is the new manifest destiny re-acquiring the Panama Canal, acquiring Greenland, renaming the Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of America. This is the light of America expanding.


If you all have an opportunity, watch the interview I did with Corey Hargraves, who when he was 18 years old, he left the Native American reservation where he was living, grew up poor single mom, and he was, he joined the army, he became an army sniper. He served two tours in Iraq in very, very serious war zones. And he shared with me one specific moment where he took another human's life at close range. And he shared what that experience was like. This is an individual who as a sniper saw things in war that I don't even need to say.


And he came back to the home front and dealt with things that I don't even need to say, but you could imagine what he dealt with got in trouble with the law, but turned his life around. And I speak to him because he's the type of person he shares with me a story that will be going to wars that Donald Trump is starting on social media, that Trump is picking these wars with Canada, with Denmark, Mexico, and he's gonna send, this wasn't the whole thing from MAGA that he's gonna stop hypothetical world War from happening world, but no, he wants to be the bad guy in World War iii.


He wants to be the conquering nation in world Wari. Well, well, what that makes sense to you, Maga, but it does for, for maga. They're like into this, you take a look at Ansley, Airhart on Fox, and you know, these are just exemplars. I could show you so many more of this where she's like, it would make sense that we take Greenland for war purposes. It would make sense that we take Greenland for war. Pur. What, what, what, what are you talking about? Here's a meme that we posted voters. Can we get lower gas prices? And it's from the pawn shop store, pawn Stars, whatever it's called. Trump best I can do is invade Canada, right? I mean, the whole thing was lower prices, egg prices, housing, all of these things, right?


That's what corporate media was telling us. This is why they voted Trump. But now, but now If you notice too, when Democrats are going on like CNN and corporate media, maybe you're even watching it anymore, they'll be, they'll be saying, yeah, but what is, what about lower prices? What about this? And the corporate media's like, but people like Donald Trump because he's braggadocio. They like his bravado, they like the negotiating. It's like, what are you talking, what, what the hell is this invading Greenland? Like again, imagine if Biden talked about invading Greenland. He would be impeached immediately by Democrats. May I add, I want you to think about that.


And this is somehow a, a normal discussion even amongst corporate media that this is something that's, that's going to happen. And so, you know, there's, there's all these articles about how Russian is cheering for Trump. He will dismantle the remnants of the old world order much faster and more effectively than we could. We do it from the outside. He does it from within. And for Russia, they're like, great. Now we can lay claim to Estonia, Finland, Poland, and other nations. The chancellor of Germany has to warn Donald Trump about taking control of Greenland. The foreign minister of France has to warn Donald Trump about attacking European nations.


You have Claudia Schein bound the president of Mexico, kind of just trolling Donald Trump with the map of Mexico from 1608 and basically saying maybe we should rename this Mexico or Mexican American or Mexico America, basically, you know, and, and Claudia Scheinbaum knows, and a lot of these nations, whether it's Mexico or If you go towards Central America, or If you go towards, I'm getting this, we'll cut the, we'll cut the show short soon actually. You have to go and, and yeah, I I, I, I could go for like, I, I'll go for like two or three more minutes 'cause I hope it's not coming into the area where, because where I, where I moved to.


But everybody heard that one right there. But I want you to just think about, you know, they, they'll, they'll lean towards China, they'll lean towards, you know, other nations and just new alliances, you know, are going to be formed as, you know, as, as a result of that, we'll try to get you more clarity from Brett. I know Brett's been trying to leave. We'll post something. Maybe we'll post something on midas plus.com or, or Patreon. We, we will post something there to try to give people an update there. And look, we, we, we appreciate y'all for watching this.


I'm gonna go and figure out what, you know, what, what, what this is. So go for it. Keep me posted anyway, everybody, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll close the show anyway. I mean, I think we've said everything. I mean, the only updates on the court cases is that New York's highest court rejected Donald Trump's appeal. And we'll see what happens ultimately with this sentencing. So we'll, we'll, we'll figure that out. But Trump lost over and over and over again. He lost at the trial court, the appellate division, and then the top court, which is called the Court of Appeals there. So he's a triple loser there. Alright everybody, thank you to our pro democracy sponsors. The links are in the description below. Hit subscribe here, help us get to 4 million Subscribe Meidas, we appreciate you greatly and thank you for watching.


Alright. Shout out to the mighty. Hey Midas, mighty, love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us now.