
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two-factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms. Apply


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to warby parker.com. That's warby parker.com.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 To get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and President in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next. With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere, without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself. And ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, mantis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis x.com.


This is the Midas Touch Podcast. Brett Jordy and Midas mighty. Wow. Wow, wow. Where do we start? The G seven is off to a disastrous start. As Donald Trump began by saying that he would've liked Putin to be there, he would want the G seven to be the G eight. Later Donald Trump held a press conference with the United Kingdom Prime Minister Ke Starr, and said that that was the representative from the European Union. Trump then dropped. What he purported to be was a trade deal, which I thought they entered three weeks ago, all over the floor. And then earlier in the day in the press conference with Canadian Prime Minister Mark Cardi Carney had to invoke his status as chair of the G seven to shut down the press conference.


'cause Trump was embarrassing the G seven and the United States. So much so. So we have that. We can start with, we can talk about Donald Trump's disastrous dictator parade in Washington dc, which was not that many people attended. It was low energy. What a bizarre event to witness. Trump looked inconsolable almost like he was going to cry. Melania looked, I've never seen her happier watching Donald Trump suffer like that on stage. So you had the split screen of the Disaster dictator parade, which was so bad. But then you had the best of America with the No Kings Protests across the country.


Some estimates say that more than 10 million Americans were protesting the Trump regime close to that 3% of the entire US population. Mark a very important indicator for mass mobilization against regimes. I was at the Pasadena one. Brett was that one. Jordy was there. The whole team was out and about. We'll talk about what went down at the No Kings Protests. We also have a war between Israel and Iran, which started at the end of last week. Donald Trump has made a lot of posts seeming to indicate that American troops are going to officially get involved.


He took credit for the initial, initial preemptive strikes by Israel against Iran. That's alienated a lot of the MAGA base, which I guess they thought that Donald Trump was going to pull America out of wars. But it was actually former President Biden who pulled America out of wars, not Donald Trump. And Trump looking like NeoCon Trump and, and seems to be really focused on potentially getting America into that war in the Middle East. And then we had that horrific, horrific event that happened this weekend. The murder of Minnesota State representative and Speaker Hortman killed by an individual named Vance Bolter, a right wing Trump supporting extremist.


He also attempted to assassinate a Democratic senator, Senator Hoffman. Fortunately, Hoffman and his wife survived, although State Representative Hortman and her husband were killed by Vance Bolter. And then we saw once again that there's no depths to the depravity of the right wing disinformation kind of MAGA crew, whether it was Elon Musk or MAGA senators. They were spreading lies that, that the killer was a democrat, a leftist who just happened to have a list of like 70 Democrats that he was looking to go and kill. And so again, you saw all of those lies spreading right away.


And then it took some time before we heard from this guy's the Killer's roommate, apparently, you know, that the guy was a Trump supporter. And then the facts came out. Let's bring in Brett and Jordy. I think this weekend was also though an important time for independent media. You know, we've built this media company in order to be able to amplify the things and fact check the things and do the job that we knew the media was not doing. And so just over the past 48 hours, the Midas Touch Network focused on our protest coverage has gotten over 32 million views on YouTube alone.


Our coverage of, you know, the, the speeches and the Philadelphia No Kings protest got over 1.2 million views, our coverage of Donald Trump's disastrous dictator parade that got over 4 million views alone on, on that. And so it's been important that we expose everything that's going on. And that's thanks to all of you, the Midas mighty. Yeah, a hundred percent. Thank you so much everybody. And you know what it tells me? It tells me that there is a thirst out there for pro-democracy and for pro-democracy content. And it's always kind of been our thesis in building this network that the things that the corporate media likes to focus on are often the wrong things.


And the messaging that they try to push, push forward, the narratives that they try to conjure up are often not the things that people want to hear about, and they do not reflect the reality of what is actually happening on the ground. So to be able to bring you the No Kings Protests with our exclusive streams this weekend, to make sure that we were covering that heavily and to be doing all of our other coverage and to be getting like record viewership, you know, 33 million views every 48 hours. I think that speaks to, you know, the, the energy that's out there in this pro-democracy community. Like Ben said, you know, we were out there at those No Kings rallies this weekend. I was at the one by me and the energy was just absolutely incredible. Like, honestly, it felt like almost like a block party of people celebrating democracy, you know?


Yes, of course protesting Trump, protesting ice, you know, calling for the release of, you know, people who are unlawfully detained by ice and all of that. But also like a big party, a lot of solidarity with that group. People pushing out, giving out pizza to each other, making sure that everybody is fed, people handing out waters, making sure that nobody was thirsty. It was hot, hot, hot, hot by me, but everybody was out there, you know, just out there to support democracy. Some great signs, great energy, just showing people that we will not have a king in this country. That we will not bow down to tyrants in this country. So thank you to everybody who participated. And if you didn't participate, don't worry. Thank you to everybody for sharing the content about this and, and getting the word out that is, you know, just as important.


So a lot to talk about this episode. I know I have a lot of thoughts on everything else that's been going on in the world, you know, not all of it. Great, of course. And so I'll toss it over to Jordy and we'll get into it. Jordy, what's the latest? I'm excited To get going, brothers. I echo your sentiment. Shout out to everybody on the ground this weekend. Way to go. I mean, look, the juxtaposition between the no King's marches versus Donald Trump's military style parade cannot be more clear. And and I, Ben, I love that you're talking about the numbers, but what you hit on is so key. It goes beyond the numbers of the viewership of what we're doing here at the network. There is a true thirst, a true hunger for pro-democracy news, and for us to simply just be the vehicle in order To get that out to the folks.


I mean, that is so meaningful to, to, to me personally. We always view this as an egoless movement. What's so cool is you guys, the listeners and the viewers taking what you see here, taking the receipts, bringing it to your families, bringing it to the streets, right? There are no kings in the United States of America. This isn't Russia, this is th the this isn't China, this, this, this isn't how we act here in America. So shout out to y'all, man. Hidden the ground, all the organizers. And by the way, Jordan, all the protesters, I was about to add organizers, man, they did a great job. Yeah. In Indi visible 50 51, you know, incredible. All these groups out there just absolutely in, in incredible, incredible work. So thank you for your work because that is far and beyond just thank you so much.


So excited To get into today's show. Benji, where do you wanna lead us off? Great point. The real heroes are the grassroots organizers. They've been planning events like this now since the beginning of the Trump regime. You know, when I was speaking to Ezra Levin, the head of Indivisible, what he had said though was that in mass mobilization movements, it is very important to have media allies. And one of the things that we were observing right after the November election when all of this corporate news was going to Mar-a-Lago and kissing the gangster ring, it was clear to us the writing was on the wall, that they were going to suppress what was really happening.


And that was one of the prongs of Donald Trump's authoritarian takeover. So we went into overdrive here to build and build and build. And right now, this week we are so close to hitting 5 million Subscribe Meidas on the Midas Touch Network already. And I think we'll be able to hit that in the next day or two. So make sure you subscribe and share this channel with everybody. You know, I wanna start Jordy though with California governor Gavin Newsom's super cut that he created contrasting the peaceful protests in California and across the United States to Donald Trump's disastrous dictator event that he held for himself.


And Governor Newsom and Governor Newsom's social media team. They've been great with rapid response and going on the offense, and they haven't been afraid to call Donald Trump out as being cognitively addled as well. Let's take a look at the Super Cut. And for those listening on audio, what was going on in the video is you saw the massive crowds for the No Kings Protests at the various cities, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands at certain cities.


Then you saw the low energy, almost no attendance at Donald Trump's dictator parade. While Donald Trump looked like he was about to cry, he looked inconsolable, Melania looked thrilled to see Donald Trump suffering. And that super cut captured that moment. I think the s the squeaky wheels though. Oh my God. Like that wasn't a sound that was added after the fact. That's how it sounded. I mean, you know, I'm thinking back to last week, you know, we were speaking about, and I don't wanna diminish, you know, the seriousness of Donald Trump trying to even throw himself a dictator parade and trying to elevate himself into that role and to try to show that sort of force. But the fact that it looks so stupid, you know, thinking back on it, you know, it's just like, it was like the Temu parade, you know, a Tim u parades.


And the whole thing was just so embarrassing. And, and quite frankly, I think it was offensive to our military to even make them participate in that. And, and you could tell like they didn't even really want to be there. Like they were doing their best, you know, and Trump made them, you know, on, on his birthday of all days, co-opting the military's birthday for, for his birthday, and then doing this parade and then like, it just being a total disaster, just a total and complete dud. It was frankly just so embarrassing, honestly, for the country, for Trump, the whole thing was just like rough to watch. I gotta say it was the 250th anniversary of the United States Army. Let me be clear about my position. I am all for celebrating the 250th anniversary of the Army.


Our grandpa was a tail gunner in the B 29 in World War ii. Grandpa Murray passed away over a decade ago, but he would share with us the stories of his heroism and those who he fought along with. And we are major supporters of the United States military here at the Midas Touch Network, and those who make the ultimate sacrifice for our country. Brett, as you said, though, it should not be co-opted for Donald Trump's vanity, for him to do a dictator parade, the optics of doing it in Washington DC and trying to mimic the style of authoritarian regimes is very anti-American. But if you are going to do a military parade, at least pull it off, like at least execute it with a level of competence that puts the troops in good light.


And if you needed six months, nine months, or a year to kind of execute it properly and to handle the logistics and do a good job, at least, like do a good job at it. So the troops look good, you know, I mean, just watching some of the troops hold the drones above their head. You know, the way I described it was, I remember going to, to Disney World in, when I was growing up in the early nineties, and they had that Epcot Center ride where you would go into that like Big Globe and they would like go through the history of the United States and like all the robots, and maybe they've updated it since then, but like, it would have like all these like weird robots and it just looked so outdated.


It, it looked disorganized and, and it just, it it did not look competently executed. And this isn't, you know, and then we have these foreign countries now who are mocking the United States and Russia. They're doing videos mocking the United States. It didn't look good. And I think that's a, when we talk about like what went down at the G seven, when we talk about Trump's disastrous trade war against the world, a lot of these issues are not like political things about oh, democratic views or Republican views. They, they, there should be values and principles. Donald Trump has neither, there's no foundational value or principle at all to anything that he's doing.


It's just pure chaos. And what he thinks benefits him personally in a specific daily news cycle. But doesn't it come down to just like competence and getting the job done and executing what you're saying you're going to do. Brett and Jordy, that was one of the things with the parade. It was just poorly done. But to me it's a perfect microcosm of everything wrong with the Trump regime, his authoritarian tendencies, that he wants to be an authoritarian, the CTO aspect of it, that it's poorly executed, that they can't even carry it out. And so it makes the entire United States look like a dysfunctional clown show.


And it, it, it, it, it, it goes beyond even. Oh, that's a Republican view or a Democrat. You just, just, just, what are you even doing? Like that's my thought, Ben, Ben, Ben. Exactly. And Ben, the waste, the waste. I'm seeing numbers that it cost anywhere between 25 to, to $45 million to operate that parade listeners. That that's your money. This is taxpayer's money going to waste for what a dear leader parade I, that, that that's not even, to your point, Ben executed. Well, where's all that? Like, there, there needs to be investigations into where that money actually, like where it was spent, because that was one of the most pathetic things that I've ever seen.


Not that I was rooting for it to be like this, like, you know, glorious show or whatnot, but to spend that much money, that much taxpayer money on such a, a, a, a, a shameful, shameful parade, I mean mean that that makes this even worse to me. You know, I think it was actually far more than that. I think they were hiding the costs in different agencies as as well. 'cause 45 million actually seems low to me. But I mean, look, take, take a look at what he did at the G seven. So the G seven's currently being held in Alberta, Canada, Canada's the host. So Prime Minister Mark Carney, the new Prime Minister of Canada, he serves as the chair of the G seven.


We will show you clips in a little bit of how it started in the day when Donald Trump and Carney held the press conference and Trump kept on talking about Putin. He was acting as Putin's agent at the G seven. It was, it was really unnerving to the point where Prime Minister Kearney had to actually just stop the press conference because Trump was making such a fool of himself. And then by proxy, the entire G seven event. So Carney's like we're shutting this down, But let me show you what happened in the afternoon. So Donald Trump is standing next to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Keir Starmer. Donald Trump thinks that the United Kingdom is part of the European Union.


So Donald Trump believes he just did a deal with the eu, even though you have Prime Minister Keir Starmer from the UK standing next to him. And so Donald Trump says, let's take a look at this trade deal that we did. You should also note that, what was it, three to four weeks ago, Donald Trump claimed that they had already did a trade deal with the United Kingdom. Remember we told you they didn't do a deal. It was a memorandum, a memorandum of understanding, which specifically said this is not a binding trade deal. Let me also just let you know that trade deals in general, like the United States, Mexico, Canada agreement, they're complex.


So an actual trade deal is more than two or three pages in length. An actual trade deal is at least hundreds of pages, usually thousands of pages if it's an actual deal. So it looks like Donald Trump is holding up the same memorandum of understanding that they did three or four weeks ago. The US and the uk. If there's even writing on some of these papers, it's unclear one way or another if there's even writing on some of these papers or not. Trump drops it all over the floor in this like cartoonishly clownish moment that you'd expect to see in the movie. Idiocracy, watch this.


We all know the great prime minister of the UK and we just signed a document. This is, sorry about that. Is it Little Wind? Very important document. Little windy out with, we just signed it and it's done. And so we have our trade agreement with the European Union. Did you hear that last part? We have a trade agreement with the European Union. Let's play the longer version of that portion where he says, we have a trade deal with the European Union. Let's play it. We have our trade agreement with the European Union, and it's a fair deal for both. And it produce a lot of jobs, a lot of income, and we have other, many, many other ones coming.


But you see the, the level of enthusiasm is very good, but the relationship that we have is fantastic. So I just want to congratulate you, O'Donnell, thank you very much, very much. This now implements on car tariffs and aerospace, our really important agreement. And so this is a, a very good day for both of our countrys a real sign of strength. So thank you again, Donald. A really important day for both of us. Great people, Great people. He doesn't even know the people he's dealing with and the car. And these people know how to play him so well. They just say the exact things they know that, that they can just do anything they want with this guy. It's incredible. This is besides the point, but did you see his hair also? I mean I'm, I know I'm focusing on kind of the wrong things here, but he's got like this little rat tail on the left side that just kept dangling up and down his head.


But that's beside the point. Sorry, Ben. No, by the way, I don't think you're focusing on the wrong things. I think, I think we need to look at all of this. The guy can't hold papers. He, he can't hold. Could you imagine? And I'm gonna be this guy till the show's over. Could you imagine if Biden was holding papers and he just dropped them the coverage that it would get on Fox News? It'd be, it'd be two weeks on Fox for sure. It'd be two weeks on Fox from page of the New York post day after day for an entire week. The guy can't hold papers. He can't keep his hair looking normal. I mean, when we take back, when the Dems take back the house in the, during the midterms, there needs to be investigations onto who's actually running the White House. Because Donald Trump is cognitively not all there.


And I'm not giving him an out, I'm not giving him an out, but he's not all there. And there needs to be more of a focus on his mental acuity or lack thereof because everything he says from his statements that we get to read day in and day out from the way he operates in front of leaders from the fact that he doesn't even know who the fricking he's talking to. This is insane. Nuclear codes. This guy has the nuclear codes. Well, prime Minister Keir Starer, you notice the two things that he was talking about. Auto tariffs and aerospace. Just who do you think that benefits? Auto tariffs and aerospace. You realize that the memorandum of understanding that dealt with the auto tariffs gives preferential treatment to United Kingdom automakers over United States auto manufacturers.


'cause there would be a higher tariff rate based on US auto manufacturers having factories in Canada and Mexico than it now gives to the United Kingdom for Land Rover, for Jaguar, for Rolls Royce. So it gives benefits to those UK car manufacturers over the United States, which is why Keir Starr's kind of smile on his face is a winking and nod that, alright, I know you, I know UK people, you hate this guy, but I just got some of the UK manufacturers a better deal than the American manufacturers are getting as well. So then going through this G seven as well, oh, during that same press conference, Donald Trump starts attacking Tucker Carlson because Carlson has been critical of Donald Trump trying to embroil United States troops in the Israel Iran war.


Here's what Trump has to say about Tucker Carlson saying at your, Before I, I don't know what Tucker Carlson is saying, let him go get a television network and say it so that people listen. Thank You. We will talk more about the divisions growing in MAGA because we've even seen Steve Bannon and Mike Flynn basically say Donald Trump needs to do like a press conference immediately and say, what the hell is happening between Israel and Iran and what's America's role in it at all? You even have Marjorie Taylor Green, although she's not mentioning Donald Trump's name. She goes, we're now learning who's really America first or who's not based on if you support American troops going to war in Iran.


And that's actually what Donald Trump has been saying that he wants to do. He's not ruled it out. Not only has he not ruled it out, he's indicated that he's leaning in that direction and it's very much on the table. And the US is of course unofficially helping Israel and all of the coordination and all of the planning. And Israel's out there with Netanyahu and others saying the US is doing everything. They're giving us the plans, they're giving us the weapons. This is the US and us together. And Donald Trump's not putting out any statements to the contrary when you hear those statements coming out of, of Israel. So we, we'll, we'll talk about that. But then you had to have Prime Minister Mark Carney of Canada early in the day. This was supposed to be so super simple, right?


Donald Trump meets Carney. They're supposed to speak in front of the press for about two minutes tops. Say, we look forward to a productive G seven. That's all it was supposed to be. I look forward to it. I look forward to it. This is gonna be productive. We have a lot to discuss. Thank you very much. We'll be reporting back to you. That was the moment, that's all it was supposed to be. But Carney had to cut it short because Trump had other intentions for what that was gonna be about. Let's play the clip of Carney cutting it short. All Democrat run cities and they think they're gonna use them to vote. It's not gonna happen. Patrick, thank You. If you don't mind, just, I'm gonna exercise my role.


Yes, if you will, as a T seven chair since we have a few more minutes with the president and his team. And then we actually have to start the meeting to address some of these big issues. So thank you, thank you, Thank you media. Let's go. And do you see, well, for the audio listeners, you can see it for our viewers on YouTube, you can see it. Trump is like just standing there like a sta like Trump would've stand there, stood there for the next hour and would've just kept on saying the most outrageous things that he was saying. Or for Trump, pretty normal things. Like he shows up there and Trump was on a mission that he was gonna say he wishes Putin was there. And you know, because Donald Trump's been talking about having all of these calls with Putin lately, including getting advice about what to do in Iran from Putin.


Like you know that Putin probably told Trump when you're at the G seven, let them know that I wanna be there and that I should have been there and they shouldn't have disinvited me with Obama and Trudeau. So that's what Donald Trump says. Trump goes the G seven, used to be the G eight here, play this clip Together very well. I look forward to that. The G seven used to be the G eight Barack Obama and a person named Trudeau didn't want to have Russia in then. I would say that that was a mistake because I think you wouldn't have a war right now if you had Russia in, and you wouldn't have a war right now if Trump were president four years ago. But it didn't work out that way. But it used to be the G eight and now it's, I guess, what's that, nine years ago, eight years ago, it switched over.


They, they threw Russia out, which I claimed was a very big Mistake. And then here's what he had to say about Putin as well. Here, play this clip. The biggest economy in the world after the United States. Well, it's not a bad idea. I don't mind that. If somebody wants to suggest China coming in, I think we suggest. But you want to have people that you can talk to. You know, they, they don't talk. Putin speaks to me. He doesn't speak to anybody else. He doesn't wanna talk. 'cause he was very insulted when he got thrown outta the GA as I would be, as you would be, as anybody would be. He was very insulted. And I mean, he was thrown out by Trudeau who convinced one or two people along with Obama. He was thrown out and he's not a happy person about it.


I can tell you that. Basically he doesn't even speak to the people that throw him out. And I agree with him. I wanna talk about that moment right there. Yet another humiliating stain on the United States of America. We'll talk about that. I wanna talk about the No Kings Protests a little more. I wanna talk about the war between Israel and Iran and what the United States is doing. How MAGA is really pissed that Donald Trump is pushing to have American troops fight in that war. Before we go to our first break, we got some, we got, we got a fun one right here to try to grow this network.


We are releasing California Governor Gavin Newsom emojis. Lots of people have been saying in light of Gavin Newsom standing up to Donald Trump and standing up strong people have been saying, release the Gavin Newsom emojis to our members of our YouTube channel. So if we can get 500 more memberships on our YouTube, you could also gift memberships to people. You'll see the feature on YouTube where it says, get a membership or gift memberships. Once we hit 500, we will release the California governor Gavin Newsom emojis here. So let's unlock those. We also have been releasing some exclusive content for the YouTube members, and we're gonna keep doing that as well.


We don't have outside investors here at the Midas Touch Network. And we've grown this network, people powered. So it's one of the fun ways that we've tried to grow this network. So if you can become a member, unlock the Gavin emoji at 500 memberships, California Governor Newsom emoji will be unlocked. Let's take our first quick break of the show. We've got a lot to discuss when we return.


When was the last time that you truly trusted seafood you brought home? Now I used to question everything from nutrition and taste to sustainability until I discovered the Wild Alaskan Company. Wild Alaskan Company is the best way To get a wild caught, perfectly portioned, nutrient-dense seafood delivered directly to your door. Trust me, you haven't tasted fish this good. I was so excited the first time I received my shipment from the Wild Alaskan Company. Now I received my Pacific halibut and pan-seared it that evening. It was delicious. The Wild Alaskan Company is 100% wild caught, never farmed. This means there are no antibiotics, GMOs, or additives, just clean real fish that support health oceans and fishing communities. It's nutrient rich and full of flavor. Wild Alaskan fish is frozen off the boat to lock and taste, texture and nutrients. Like omega threes my favorite. It's also sustainably sourced, wild caught from Alaska. Every order supports sustainable harvesting practices and your memberships delivers flexible shipments, expert tips, and truly feel good seafood. Now, if you're not completely satisfied with your first box, Wild Alaskan Company will give you a full refund, no questions asked, no risk, just high quality seafood. Not all fish are the same. Get seafood you can trust. Go to Wild Alaskan dot com slash midas for $35 OFF your first box of premium wild caught seafood. That's Wild Alaskan dot com slash midas for $35 off your first order. Thanks to Wild Alaskan Company for sponsoring this episode.


Let me tell you if there's a surefire way to wake up feeling fresh after drinks with friends, it's with pre-Cool ZBiotics. Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Now here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. Now it's a buildup of this byproduct, not dehydration. That's to blame for rough days. After drinking pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make pre-cool your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Now, every time I've had pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference the next day. Now, even after a night out, I can confidently plan on just waking up and feeling my best the next day without worrying. Look, I won't lie. I was a bit on the fence about pre-cool initially, but then while hanging out with some friends at our bar, I gave it a shot. And believe me, it's the real deal. So I first gave pre-cool a try when I was at a wedding. I drank it before my first espresso martini, and you wouldn't believe how on top of my game I felt the next morning. Now summer's here, which means more opportunities to celebrate the warm weather before that backyard barbecue brew or your glass of Pinot watching the sunset at a beach or a cocktail by the campfire. Don't forget your ZBiotics pre alcohol drink, one before drinking and wake up feeling great and ready to take on the next day. And all that summer has to offer. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas Plus to learn more and get 15% off your first order when you use Midas Plus at checkout, ZBiotics is backed with 100% money backed guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas Plus and use the code Midas Plus at checkout for 15% off.


Let's go. Shout out to our sponsors links in description in both YouTube and the audio. Use the links, use the codes. If there's an exit survey, let them know we sent. You cannot say enough good things about Wild Alaskan and ZBiotics. Definitely please check those out. Use our codes, Benji, where to next? Look, Trump's really making a fool of not just himself but the United States at the G seven. I mean, you have the incredibly embarrassing dictator parade. Then he goes to the G seven and behaves, you know, like this. Look, CA, California Governor Gavin Newsom, you know, has been saying, and I think rightfully so, it goes to your point, Jordy, that Donald Trump is cognitively adult like he is in, in a and in a very real way that's also impacting American policy too.


And Donald Trump's out there with a, a team of losers who he surrounds himself with as well. And he's out there like a mumbling blabbering fool saying things that are putting the United States in a very bad light internationally and weakening us on the world stage at every, at every point and every turn. I mean, going back to this press conference that Donald Trump was having with Prime Minister Kearney, you know, Donald Trump spends the time attacking democratic cities as though as though he's a as though he's in in the past. He obviously is a dictator right now. But as though this would, we would normally expect like a dictator talking about invading a neighboring country.


Donald Trump's at the G seven talking about attacking United States cities. And then at first you'll see when he gets asked the question, he like doesn't remember the social media posts that he made. And what, what are you talking about? What are you talking about? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. The cities. I'm, I'm going after the cities here. Watch this. Why Are you ordering is to target democratic inner cities. What's behind that? I don't know what you're saying. You, you did a post last night where you said you want ice to really target democratic cities. Yeah, I want them to focus on the cities because the cities are where you really have what's called sanctuary cities, and that's where the people are. I look at New York, I look at Chicago. I mean, you got a really bad governor in Chicago and a bad mayor, no question, but the governor's probably the worst in the country, Pritzker.


But I look at how that city has been overrun by criminals and, you know, New York and la look at la la those people weren't from la they weren't from California. Most of those people, many of those people. And yeah, I that's, that's a focus. Biden allowed 21 million people to come into our country of that vast numbers of those people were murderers killers, people from gangs, people from jails. They emptied their jails out into the us. Most of those people are in the cities. All blue cities, all Democrat run cities and they think they're gonna use them to vote. It's not gonna happen. He's using a speech, a press conference in an international platform to spread Russian style propaganda lies about the United States.


I mean, can you imagine if Prime Minister Kearney during a press conference, spent his time attacking provinces in Canada and going after, you know, where there's opposition leaders who run like, like imagine if he went after like Alberta and then lied and said there are 18 million. Well, that's more than the population of Canada. But if he said there was, you know, a million murderers in Alberta and it's the, you have the worst premier of Alberta and you know, and, and what a horrible person, what a horrible human being and spent all of their time attacking their own country with lies.


And what are you saying that there are 20 million murderers in the United States? Like what the hell are you even talking about? And you should know that actually red states, red cities have a significantly higher violent crime rate and homicide rate than blue states by far. You should also know that in America, the red states are subsidized by and large by the blue states. California has the fourth largest GDP not in the United States in the entire world. If California was a country, our diversity makes California a very powerful state. It works. We subsidize in California the red states, which would be failed states if California and other blue states didn't fund them.


The red states, by and large have the worst health, have the worst mortality rates, have the worst quality of living, the worst education on, on every stat. They're in the worst o on the lists. And the blue states are usually in the highest and and the best. But yet you have Trump and the red states attacking the states that are subsidizing basically the entire country and also doing it on a world stage with lies like that and attacking, just attacking the America in the G seven while praising Putin. That shouldn't be a, oh, that's a, this position that should, that's just wrong, Brett and Jordy am might as mighty.


Yeah. If you looked at, if any sort of democratic politician anywhere made it a main point of when they went around speaking, especially in front of world leaders. But literally anytime if they did one tweet that was going after Red States, red cities saying, you know, this specific place is a piece of crap. This place is full of criminals, you name it, it would be the biggest story imaginable. And when you look at Donald Trump's statements there and, and sure, I mean, you're totally right. You look at the guy, he has no idea what's going on. Like, I, I think he's honestly, I think that party, you know, his little birthday party destroyed him like that. Nobody showed up. I mean, I honestly, something's going on there. But you look at his post and we don't have to read this whole post 'cause it's like the manifesto of a killer and, and we'll get to more stuff, stuff about, you know, right.


This looks like a man, like a manifesto right here. Like a psychopath. Well, you know, I guess it is. But you look at it and, and it basically declares war. It's, it's a post of Trump declaring war on, on blue states and blue cities. And it's, it's him calling it out like directly. Like he's not even trying to hide it. Like remember how in his first term Donald Trump announced that he was doing a Muslim ban and then he had to peel it back and now he just calls it a travel ban that happens to include mostly Muslim countries, but he doesn't call it in the Muslim ban anymore. Well, Trump didn't quite learn his lesson from the trouble he got into with that. Now he's just saying out loud, I'm targeting democratic cities and democratic power centers. I wanna come for you Democrats. I wanna try to scare your people away from your, your cities.


I wanna try to, you know, arrest people in your cities. I wanna make your cities. Hell, that's what he is saying in this post says, he literally says, he goes, you turning everybody transgender. He says, you, you do transgender for everybody. And that's why we need ice to disappear human beings because you are turning everybody into transgender's. I mean, what the hell are you talking about? It's, it's, it's literally, it's literally what, what what it says here. And as somebody who, you know, resides in Los Angeles and who grew up in New York, like I certainly take extra offense to all of these comments, especially somebody who's living in this incredible city. You know, Alan was out and I gotta say there was such an, you know, I I was like out, you know, in the heart of the city this weekend, and there was such an anti-Trump energy out there.


It was the night before the protest as I passed by bars. You know, you'd hear comedians on the mics, all the comedians trashing Trump trashing ice posters all over the city. I saw these horrifying photos that people were putting up. And Ben, I think you, you talked about these in some of your videos. I wish I had a a photo to pull up right now, but you know, it looked like a dystopian movie. They would, there'd be like missing posters, right? And, but it would say missing, you know, a father, you know, my father. And it would say, you know, it's lived in the United States for 20 years, you know, was here legally through the asylum process, currently in ice custody. We don't know where he is. And had an image of these, you know, image of the individual. And there were multiple posters like this all throughout, you know, la and when you see it, you know, it's, it, it almost looks like it's a, like a street team advertisement for like a, for like a dystopian movie or like a Nazi movie.


But you look at it and you're like, this is real life. Like, and this is, and this is going on. And, and you walk through, you know, our, our cities here and you just see the damage that Trump is causing and the trauma that Trump is causing here. And, and honestly just at a deeply personal level, you know, it's, it, it's all, it's all very upsetting to me. None of this stuff should be partisan. None of this should be political. And we'll get into the, you know, the shooting in, in a little bit because I, I have a whole lot to say on that, you know, as well. But you know, there, there were certain things that there, there are things that have been going on for a long time in this country and, but particularly this weekend, you know, it felt escalated even more that just, you know, there, there's politics and there's humanity and you should be able to conduct politics and deal with people who have different political beliefs and do it with compassion and do it with empathy.


And you should be able to respect one another and be able to work through things. But the way things are right now, it's just really unfortunate that we have an entire political party that's just dedicated to burning it all down, dedicated to turning any of their political opponents into enemies, lying at all costs, even no matter how ridiculous the lie, how absurd the lie, how offensive the lie, even when there are people dying out there over these lies. It just really, really, really honestly is just so abhorrent to, to watch and, and to live through and, and to be a part of. So, you know, I just, I just wanted to say that I got more to say, but We'll, no, no, no. Well said, well said. Can you please bring up Brett, that post again that we were showing before?


And so again, apologies to our the psych, the psychopathic post. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm not gonna read it, but I just want our, our YouTube viewers to just look at this now I want you to go, I want you to go to your Facebook and I'm sure just naturally the way Facebook happens, you know, there's gonna be a cousin, a third cousin, a fourth cousin who writes like this, right? Who does these weirdo long drawn out, frankly scary posts. Alright, Brett, you can take that down now. And, and think to yourself, thank goodness that that third cousin of yours or that random person, you know, isn't running the country well in this case, that psychopath is, and he's disappearing people, he's disappearing pillars of the community.


Why? Because he's a psychopath. That's why, why? Because for some reason the Supreme Court gave him the power to do whatever the heck he wants. And this is not just trauma right now, today this is gonna be generational trauma that's felt within this country for just the total lack of empathy that the Trump, that the Trump regime just dishes out day in and day out. It is really just horrifying from a human level to see this play out. And that's why too, that that, that, that's why I do get hopeful when I see folks on the ground during the No Kings parade marching peacefully, protesting, saying, Uhuh, this is not the America that I love.


This is not the country that I love, and these will not happen to the good citizens and the good people of this country. We will not allow it. Yeah. One of the things in that post, on the page two of the post 'cause Trump goes on single space ranting and raving. He talks about the Pentagon, meaning our defense department and our military, that you have the full support to go into these, what he calls democratic power centers. He says to ice, F-B-I-D-E-A-A-T-F, the Patriots at the Pentagon and the State Department get the job done, DJT, where then he talks about the Democratic power centers turning everybody into transgender people.


By the way, that's the exact same type of rhetoric that Vladimir Putin uses when he targets countries for invasion. That's the language that he uses. One of the things that was very important to every other country at the G seven other than the United States was deescalation of what was happening in the Middle East. Israel launched preemptive strikes against Iran and then Benjamin Netanyahu said, we did this with the full support of the Trump regime all, and this is what Netanyahu said, that all of Donald Trump's statements that he was trying to negotiate peace with Iran and do a nuclear deal. That was all part of the plot. That was part of the plan to trick Iran into believing that there wasn't going to be a preemptive strike.


And to lure Iran on into thinking there could be some sort of deal hold, you know, wait for Iran's generals to be in certain areas, decapitate them, then go after the nuclear facilities. Donald Trump didn't rebut any of that at all the G seven countries other than the United States. They wanted to sign a pledge to deescalate Trump refused to sign the pledge to deescalate. Instead at the G seven, Donald Trump made the following post, Iran should have signed the quote deal. I told them to sign what a shame and waste of human life.


Simply stated, Iran cannot have a nuclear weapon. I said it over and over again. Everyone should immediately evacuate Teran. And he has an exclamation point right there. And again, even a statement like that, like I can't begin to tell you how utterly reckless it is. You know, this is the type of thing where you should absolutely, before posting a statement like that, you give the address to the nation, you explain the goals, the policies, 'cause you're about to commit American troops, it could possibly lead to another American draft. You could be having tens of thousands or potentially hundreds of thousands of Americans being sent to war because of this.


And having clearly defined goals is important. I think it is also significant to note that there was supposed to be negotiations around Iran's nuclear deal on Sunday. That was supposed to be the sixth round of talk on Sunday. So to say there should have been a deal. I I would like there to be a deal. There was a deal that Obama negotiated with Iran that Trump pulled us out of with Netanyahu back in 2016. There was a deal and Trump was trying to redo a version of that deal. The sixth round of those talks were going to happen on Sunday. All of the reporting indicated that Donald Trump actually had told Netanyahu, do not do the strikes so that we can do the talks on Sunday.


Netanyahu didn't care. And he went and did the strikes. Donald Trump saw that a lot of the Iranian leadership was killed and decapitated by the Israel strikes and nuclear facilities were taken out. So Donald Trump wanted to then insert himself and the United States as the central player in the attacks against Iran. And now we're in a place and position where we're in entirely unchartered territory about what could happen if all hell could break loose, which is already happening and what's taking place there. And that's Donald Trump's just entirely reckless statement. We should talk more about that, Brett, I want you to talk about the fact check that you did in terms of what happened in Minnesota.


I think that's important. I want to talk a little bit more about No Kings. Let's take our last break of the show. I wanna remind everybody about the Gavin Newsom emojis. Let's unlock those Gavin Newsom emojis as well. Become a member of the YouTube channel that helps grow our independent media network. We're close to 5 million Subscribe Meidas. You can gift memberships for people. So if you've always been saying, Hey, I'd love to, I'd love to help grow the Midas Touch Network, there's really no limit on the amount of gifts that you can get people. So you can gift others, get yourself a membership, and then YouTube automatically then sends your gift to other people who are there who say they wanna receive the gifts.


Alright, let's take our last quick break of the show. Let's hear from our, hi. Can I just, can I just say one thing? Like this whole, this whole framing though of preemptive strike, I, you know, to me is just bullshit. And I think it's buying like the, the media framing and stuff. So I just wanna, I wanna push back on that there was no sign that there was about to be an imminent attack on Israel before they launched these things. You know, they're using the nuclear, you know, the idea that they were, you know, creating nuclear weapons, which is something we've now heard for what decades and decades and decades. And yeah, I, I believe that they've been working on, you know, nuclear weapons of, of course, but there was no sign that there was going to be any sort of imminent attack whatsoever. And now this is a, appears to be a war that we are now going to be embroiled in. We saw a buildup of fighter jets last night and today that were flying across the United States into Europe to prepare.


And, and the Trump administration told some foreign outlets that they were to prepare just in case they had to do anything, that these foreign jet, that these US jets, fighter jets were going to be built up over there in case they needed to go into Iran. We are already very much involved in this war from a defensive posture of shooting down missiles that are coming into Israel. And it seems pretty clear that, you know, Donald Trump and, and Vance and, and Rubio and, and all these folks want to escalate this and really get us fully embroiled and yet another Middle East war. So, you know, I I just wanted to push back a little at that framing because I think it's, I think it's kind of bullshit. And I think Donald Trump has, you know, using kind of the same excuses that, you know, Bush used us To get us into a rock back in the day.


It's sort of like a WMD weapons of mass destruction kind of framing that, that he's pushing, that fox is pushing foxes in full on blood thirsty war, war, war, war, war, all the time mode right now. And you watch it. And I just get echoes back to those times after nine 11 when we were kind of as a country brought into, you know, in, in, into Iraq and, and we all saw how, how, how that worked out and, and yeah, I mean that, I'll, I'll I'll end it there. I got a lot, got a lot more to say, but no, and real quick, and this is where real leaders, this is why leadership is actually very important, because we need to know what's going on. You know, all this speculation. He, he, he, he's, he's giving policy by tweet, I mean, look to one end, right? I understand that there has to be some secrecy behind all of this, but right now, the entire country is left in the dark of, of what's happening other than the reports that we're seeing coming out on Twitter or XYZ social, you know, media asset, bro, what do you wanna say?


The guy comments about every fucking little thing all the time, right? He's, he's tweets about everything, every celebrity breakup, every, he tweets about Taylor Swift, he tweets about everything. And then the moment this all happens, he kind of goes silent for a few days and kind of talk American lives on the line. So, I mean, there already are American lives on the, Hey, we're gonna hit our last quick break Chat's telling me by the way, that we're about 150 new members away from unlocking the Gavin emoji. So let's see if we could hit the one 50 members again. You could gift them to folks. Let's see if we could hit that during the break and then when we come back from break, assuming we hit it, the Gavin emoji will be unleashed. Let's take a quick break.


The weather is heating up and your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. If you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend that you check out. Miracle Made bedsheets. Miracle Made sheets are inspired by NASA and use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long. Now using those silver infused fabrics inspired by NASA Miracle Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get better sleep every night. These sheets are infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% of bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. No more gross odors. Miracle Made sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands, and feel as nice, if not nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. Stop sleeping on bacteria. Bacteria can clog your pores, causing breakouts and acne. Sleep clean with miracle. Upgrade your sleep as the weather heats up. Go to try miracle.com/ Midas Plus to try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one. If you order today, you can save over 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas Plus at checkout, you'll get free three piece towel set and save. An extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your Sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/ Midas Plus and use the code Midas Plus to claim your free three piece towel set and save over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/ Midas Plus to treat Yourself. Thank you. Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


Ever walk into a store and have no idea what To get? Yeah, me too. Now I've stopped wasting time at the grocery store staring at a giant wall of wine not knowing what to pick. That's why I love our next sponsor. Naked Wines. This podcast is sponsored by Naked Wines. It's 2025. Do you still shop for wine like it's 2005? Naked Wines is a service that directly connects you to the world's finest independent winemakers. So you can get award-winning wine delivered straight to your door. Use R Code Midas for the Code N password at Naked Wines dot com and get their incredible deal of six bottles for just 39 99. Now, I recently enjoyed Naked Wines bottle of Rose from their most recent shipment. I just love cracking open a bottle of wine, putting away technology, and just being present in the moment with family and friends. Plain and simple. The wine from Naked Wines is amazing. My wife loves white wine and I love red wine. So we split a box and it's perfect. I've been raiding the wine after I get it and each shipment to me gets better and better. Naked Wines has been around for over 15 years and funds over 90 independent wine makers around the world with no commitments or membership fees. You can enjoy Naked Wines hassle-free. Now is the time to join the Naked Wines community. Head to Naked Wines dot com slash Midas Plus click enter voucher and put in my code Midas Plus for both code and password for six bottles of wine for just 39 99 with shipping included. That's $100 off your first six bottles at Naked Wines dot com slash Midas Plus. And use the code and password Midas Plus for six bottles of wine for 39 99.


So you ever wake up and feel like your body just hit the snooze button on life? Yeah, same honestly. Aging sneak up on you in some wild ways. Whether it's a night out or a good workout, I just don't bounce back the way that I used to. One day you're full of energy. The next you're Googling how to stretch without pulling a muscle. I believe one of the best aging breakthroughs of the last decade is quality alytic. And here's why. It's designed to help your body naturally eliminate something called senescent cells, also known as zombie cells. These are the ones that just hang around after they've stopped doing their job, draining your energy and making you feel well old. Think joint discomfort, sluggish recovery, low energy. The whole deal quality of lytic is a groundbreaking supplement made with nine plant-based nutrients and you only take it two days a month. That's it. Since I started taking it, I felt more energized quicker to recover from workouts and honestly just more like me. Again, plus quality of breakthrough formulation is vegan non GMO and tested by leading scientists experience the science of Feeling younger. Go to quality of life.com/ Midas Plus for up to 50% off your purchase and use code Midas Plus for an additional 15%. That's Q-U-A-L-I-A life.com/ Midas Plus M-E-I-D-S for that extra 15% off your older self will. Thank you. And thanks to Qualia for sponsoring this episode.


Let's go. Shout out to our sponsors links in description of both the YouTube and the audio. Use the links, use the codes, let them know we sent you. And also just to clear the air. 'cause I know I've getting some questions. Yes, I am podcasting from a bathroom. This is the only place I'm getting my wifi right now today. Ben may be frozen as well right now. So Brett, you and I might need to just take over the show, but that's, that's where we stand currently. Oh no, Ben's back. Benji, where do you wanna take us to next? I timed that my wifi timed that perfectly. Jordy, just to scare you. I was a little bit worried. It's all good. You would've both done an incredible job with or without me. All right, let me show you how Donald Trump's, I wouldn't even just say war mongering, just all, all out commitment to war in the Middle East and seeming commitment to sending United States forces into the Middle East.


How that's playing out in MAGA world. You have to remember, I mean Donald Trump's whole thing was lying that he was gonna stop World War III and the one of their main points that they kept on lying about former President Biden, about us saying that Biden's gonna start World War III and Biden's gonna do another war in the Middle East, when actually former President Biden was the one who had the courage to withdraw American troops, for example, from Afghanistan and end that never ending war after Donald Trump was the one who cut a deal releasing 5,000 Taliban prisoners during Trump's first term, and then withdrawing Americans from most of the bases other than one, basically allowing the Taliban to surround the United States of America.


Donald Trump claimed he was gonna withdraw the American troops himself during his first term. Not only did he fail to do it, remember during the transition to President Biden Trump refused to provide any communications at all with the Biden administration on any topic to purposefully have Biden show up and then inherit a mess that Trump and MAGA could use and exploit to then spread all the disinformation and blame all of Donald Trump's problems on Biden and Brett in a little bit, I know you're gonna talk about this disinformation right wing network, but you know, you also saw that unfold display, you know, when it came to the wildfires as well. I mean, when it comes to the most unthinkable tragedies, and we saw that over and over again in the Biden administration, that's because, because they're unthinkable tragedies.


Most people who are dealing with them don't think, oh, where I've gotta spend a lot of my time and perhaps the majority of my time is not dealing with the tragedy and the crisis. It's that I've gotta swat away and fight off all of the disinformation. And there's no low to what the right wing maga Trumpers will say. I mean, you think about Nancy Pelosi's husband, victim of attempted murder. What does MAGA say? He's gay. He's a homosexual who invited the murderer over 'cause they were having gay sex. And then that's why they were trying to kill the guy because it was an elaborate homosexual sex thing.


And it's like, that's the conspiracy. The the guy was almost killed and you're making a lie that, that Nancy Pelosi's husband was having an affair with the killer. Like it's un it's unthinkable things that that, that they make up in their mind. They talk about the wildfires, they act like Gavin tried to do it intentionally, and then they spread the lies that, oh, the real issue here was that Gavin turned away people raking the leaves and that Gavin was the one who took away all the water from the dams, you know, and they spread this and you, and if you don't respond to them right away and rebut 'em, then it actually becomes the story. And corporate news does in fact check it.


So now I think that people like Gavin and independent news, you have to kick into high gear right away. And Brett, I know you'll talk about the moment you had this Trump supporting murdering right wing extremists, have a list of Democrats he's gonna kill, including the most, the second most prominent democratic state representative in Minnesota. The Republican conspiracy was, no, this is a Democrat. This was a leftist murderer who's doing a far left Marxist agenda. And then you had magar Republican senators and Congress members out there spreading that lie. I wanna pass that to you, but Brett, I do wanna show this clip first about how the Trump's war footing in Iran is impacting Magna right here.


So here's Steve Bannon with Mike Flynn. You don't really get more Trump's supporting than Bannon and Flynn. And here's their take on Donald Trump getting America involved in the war between Israel and Iran. Here play this clip Right now, I'll be blunt, this is just as sloppy just as Ill thought through, just as lack of precision as Afghanistan and how we started there in Iraq as we started there. And quite frankly, the Fox news team and the pompoms up, we played on the cold open the other day, the shock and awe, shock and awe, shock and awe when Fox was up there with the pompoms. We are, we are inexorably drawn into a conflict that we're not making clear decisions about.


Now, if we, if we're gonna be in this, yeah, so let jump, jump. I might have a problem with, lemme jump, Lemme jump in because, okay, go ahead sir. You, you're, you're, you're on a, you're on a, a diatribe there. That's fine. Here. Here's what Trump needs to do, okay? What Donald Trump needs to do, and I understand the celebration in Washington DC in the parade and all this wonderful stuff. Yeah, happy birthday Army. I got it. What Donald Trump needs to do, president Donald J. Trump needs to do is he needs to go to the podium with very, I mean, very clear objectives about what the hell we're Doing. Then you have over here a podcaster and frequent Joe Rogan guest and big Trump supporter Dave Smith saying the following about Trump's Iran policy play this clip. Think about coming back to the negotiating table.


It's like sitting after Pearl Harbor and telling FDR now's the time to go negotiate with the Japanese. Right? Negotiations are over. Now the time for negotiations was before this. And so yeah, Donald Trump looks, and man, I I supported him this last year. I apologized for doing so. It was a bad calculation at the time. It seemed like the right one, but he should be impeached and removed for this one Impeached and removed for this one. Brett, let me toss it over to you because I know you called for the resignation of Magar Republican Senator Mike Lee as well, and your call for his resignation went viral. And, and I think what we saw happen in Minnesota, the unthinkable tragedy speaks to some larger issues that independent media has to combat media literacy in general and the moment that we're in, yeah, well, we saw a, a horrifying, you know, killing this weekend in cold blood.


And it was at the hands of this far right Maga Trump voting guy, Trump supporter, who had a hit list of 70 Democratic targets who killed Minnesota State Representative Melissa Hortman and her husband who shot state Senator John Hoffman and his wife who killed Melissa Horman's dog, who also tried to show up to multiple other democratic lawmakers homes and was not able To get in the Fed, said today, had a list, like I said, of a bunch of other targets, was targeting pro-abortion activists, was targeting pro abortion clinics.


And it was evangelical guy. And literally the, the killing happened, the assassination happened. And that wasn't horrifying enough for us all to basically wake up that morning to this, you know, horrific news. And honestly, like, I'm sorry if I have trouble getting through this. I'm honestly, I'm still like very distraught by this and, and shaken up by even just the reaction that that's unfolded online about this. But you see, you know, what, what happened there? And then the first thing that happens is, you know, these click farms, these right wing maga influencer types all rush into gear to try to shape the narrative. They don't wait for the facts, they don't wait for the truth. They just go, how do we start spinning this in order to blame this on Democrats to blame this on the left, to wash our hands of it and to make sure that this is a liability for them.


Once again, everybody targeted that people killed Democrats, governor Tim Walls targeted on, on this hit list as well. Well, they had the nerve to blame Tim Walls on this. That was the first thing that they did, because this individual, who was the shooter, who was the suspect? Vance Bolter was somebody who people knew. And he was on a, an advisory board, a nonpartisan advisory board with no actual power that the governor had put together. And this was a holdover from the previous governor, governor Dayden, also a Democrat. And it was a bipartisan commission that has to be made up of both Republicans and Democrats. And this was just one of like 50 people on this commission. And walls just, you know, reappointed the pe the person to this position didn't know who he was, but it's just a bipartisan very basic thing.


So they tried to use that little kernel of information in order to try to blame this on Tim Walls and blame this on Democrats despite the fact that Democrats were assassinated for their political beliefs. And they've conjured this whole story. Oh, they probably shot these people because they voted on this bill against, against the Democrats they went against. So, so they were punishing them for voting against them. And then that, that wasn't even true of, of like at all, like, like there was just a made up thing. They invented their own narrative. And then very quickly the facts started to come out. But they had already set these traps, set this narrative out there, but that didn't stop them from tweeting and their refusal to even admit that they were wrong.


This is like the other day, but obviously much worse than that when all of these mag influencers, you know, when Gavin new, when Donald Trump said, I spoke to Gavin Newsom yesterday and Gavin Newsom said, I did not speak to Donald Trump yesterday. And then they showed the call logs, which showed that Gavin and, and Trump had talked like four days prior to that. And then all those Maggie influencers just kept saying, that was yesterday. That was yesterday. That was yesterday. They wouldn't drop the lie even though it was a black and white, no gray area here. Well, this is obviously ramped up on a different level because there are lives here. They're like, we're talking about people who died. We're talking about two children who no longer have their parents because this evil, heinous monster killed their parents.


And you have people like Elon Musk who have the nerve to tweet stuff like this. The far left is murderously vi violent. You have people like Mike Lee, a United States senator, tweeting about it, making jokes about it, saying stuff like, this is what happens when Marxists don't get their way and showing a photograph of the killer. The killer was wearing a mask, is wearing a, a mask in this photo, something straight out of a horror movie. This is the killer as he, as he approached the, the the door. Then you have him, you know, blaming Mike Waltz, all these people. I mean, I mean Tim Waltz, you have all these people blaming Tim Walls for it. And it's really just so disheartening that we cannot even be on the same plane of reality when we're dealing with issues like this.


And especially when we're dealing with people who died and, and murders and, and killings, politically charged killings. Like we've truly just lost our way as a country when this is what's going on here. And like I said earlier in the episode, I wish, you know, there was a Republican party that I could say, you know what, maybe you have some good ideas on this and let's discuss, you know, let's, maybe there are some compromise that we could find on these issues. And you know what, you're right about this, but you know, you're very off about this. I'm gonna defend this to the end. And we could have actual discussions about policy, but the thing that we've seen is that these people don't live in reality and then they don't care about reality. They just care about raw power and they don't care how many lives are on the other end of it. They just don't give a shit at all.


Like, it just all about lying. And so you had Tina Smith today, the, the Minnesota Senator, thankfully, you know, and, and props to her. She, you know, was looking for Senator Mike Lee, she's the other senator from the state, and she confronted Mike Lee and here's a photograph of of him confronting her and look at that keyboard warrior, you know, look, look at how, you know hunched over. He is, you know, for the listeners it's Mike Lee, like with his hands on his hips, and he is kind of hunched over looking disheveled. And as the Democrats said when they posted this photo, no screens to hide behind. Let's see him defend his disgusting tweets to Senator Tina Smith's face. And Tina Smith's staff wrote a, a very powerful, you know, email to Senator Lee's staff.


I think I should just read like, at least a little bit of it because I think it really centers just this whole situation and, and what's been going on. And, and I'm happy somebody is saying this, you know, directly, directly to him, but she, they said the following, a note from Senator Smith's deputy Chief, I knew Melissa Horman, many people in this office did. She was a longtime friend of Senator Smith's who had seen her hours before she was murdered. So you'll forgive my candor as I speak through enormous grief. It's important for your office to know how much additional pain you've caused and unspeakable on an unspeakably horrific weekend. I'm not sure what compelled you or your boss to say any of those things, which in addition to being unconscionable, may also well be untrue, also may very well be untrue, but that is not the point. Why would you use the awesome power of United States Senate office to compound people's grief?


Is that how your team measures success using the office of a US Senator to post not just one, but a series of jokes about an assassination? Is that a successful day of work on Team Lee? Did you come into the office on Monday and feel proud of the work you did over the weekend? Let's recap Saturday so you fully understand what Minnesota was going through. Melissa Hortman and her husband were murdered. Senator Hoffman and his wife were shot numerous times and remain hospitalized. But the grace of God, it appear, it appears they will survive. Senators are discovered to be on a hit list of an armed man on the run. Senators Lee's, Senator Lee's colleagues, the decision of the office of Senator Mike Lee was not to publicly condemn the violence. It was to intimate that Melissa and Mark somehow deserve this by making jokes. Did you have any consideration for the survivors in her family, for the Hoffmans in the hospital for their families?


You exploited the murder of a lifetime public servant, servant and her husband to post some sick burns about Democrats. Did you see this as an excellent opportunity To get likes and retweets? Have you absolutely no conscience, no decency. I pray to God that none of you ever go through anything like this. I pray that Senator Lee in your office begin to see people you work with in this building as colleagues and human beings. And I pray that if, God forbid, you ever find yourself having to deal with anything similar, you find yourselves on the receiving end of the kind of grace and compassion that Senator Mike Lee could not muster. Lastly, I suggest you take a few minutes today to read about Melissa Hortman and her husband, mark. They were Remarkable people. Here's a story in the Saint Pioneer Press, St. Paul Pioneer Press called Melissa Hortman once a teenager with a job making burrito.


She became a powerful Minnesota lawmaker who trained service dogs. She was a force and a human being. And I beg of you to exercise some restraint on social media as we continue to grieve Ed Shelby, office of Senator Tina Smith. I found that powerful and it just speaks to this, this moment that we're in. You know, like we've said on the show before, there are, you know, there is right versus wrong there. There's, there are black and white issues out there. Not everything is, some things can be debated. There's some things up, a lot of things up for discussion when it comes to things like this. There's no debate here, okay? And to see people continuing to, like I'm talking right now still, if you posted the facts about this, about who this individual was, and by the way, I don't even like going immediately to, oh, he is a MAGA guy, he is a right wing guy.


But unfortunately we have to because they're spread of these lies to try to smear people. They're trying to smear the victims. So we have to do that. Unfortunately, it's, it's just where we are as a country. But it's, you know, Bre I think with the No Kings Protests, and I think we leave on this, people saw America again across the world, right? Donald Trump wanted it to be about his dictator parade for his birthday. And it wasn't, I mean, we, we mocked it, we laughed at it. Corporate news tried to rehabilitate him. Corporate news tried to post these stories and they take these weird to make it look like it was largely attended when it was absolutely not. That's why we showed it from every angle.


And each angle was actually worse than the next. Like I think your point was the more videos that come out, the worse this thing actually was and the worse that it looked. So there was that, and then there was the split screen with what was happening in the streets. This is how Washington Post reported, what went down in Trump's dictator parade. Planes roared over DC on Saturday, tanks rolled along the National Mall, brass bands resounded and thousands of soldiers march past cheering crowds as the Army put on the largest show of military might in the capitol in more than three decades. And it is a kind of bizarre photo that is very much like cropped in a specific way with tanks rolling through Washington DC and then on the other side, you have someone wearing a January 6th hat dressed in all red in front of looks like.


I'm not sure if it's either a helicopter or, or, or, or a missile system. It's hard to see because it's cut off. But military equipment, that's what you are reporting on the Washington Post. I mean, if you went through the New York Times reporting, they buried the coverage as well in like about what happened with the No Kings Protests. You had to like really like look for it, but we focused on it here on the Midas Touch Network. We made it our top priority. It's reflected in the views as well that people want to see the truth. They want to see what is actually happening and what is going on. And that's what we're going to report on each and every day here at the Midas Touch Network.


And I think when I spoke to and I hear from our international audience, they go, thank you. We thought America was just totally lost. But to see about 3% of the entire American population out on the streets protesting in big cities, small cities, big towns, small towns, red states, blue states, purple states, gave us hope even though we're not gonna be getting through this Trump regime, you know, anytime soon, in the next year to two, three years, we see light at the end of the tunnel that America may be able to make it past this. And I know America will be able to make it past this. I know with the heroic grassroots organizations responsible for the No Kings Protests, who are responsible for all the grassroots work out there, with all of the incredible legal groups and, and, and people who are on the ground and on the front lines helping to all of you, the Midas mighty who are out there putting in the work every single day, getting out the word, getting out the message, constantly keeping friends, family, neighbors, coworkers, everybody, you know, updated in what's happening.


Y'all are the heroes. And it's an honor that we at the Midas Touch Network get to play a small part in amplifying the work of you, the lawyers, all the legal groups out there, all the grassroots organizations and everybody in America and across the world fighting for our democracy. So if you haven't already become a member of our YouTube, become a member of our YouTube right now, we'll have exclusive content as well for members. It's one of the ways we try to grow this independent media platform. Look how close we are, everybody to 5 million Subscribe Meidas. I think we can be able to hit it tomorrow if we are on pa we're on track to hit it tomorrow.


So if one of the best ways you can help, if you can't become a member of YouTube, we'd love for you to be, and we'd love for you to gift memberships. If you can't become a member of Midas Plus dot com, we'd love for you to be a member. Just share this network with as many people as you know. When this ends, tell anybody, you know, go down your phone list and say, have you subscribed? Have you subscribed? Have you subscribed? They're about to hit 5 million. Hit subscribe. Let's see if we can get there even before tomorrow. We'll see about it. Thank you everybody. Keep checking in every 90 minutes or so for new content uploaded on the Midas Touch YouTube site. We appreciate you, we love you. We're so grateful for you, and we'll see you next time on the Midas Touch podcast. Brett, anything else?


Just grateful for everybody. You know, I, I, I know, you know, it's a little emotional this episode, but just grateful for everybody, you know, getting out there and putting in the hard work every day. Like, I'm, I'm so thankful for you, you keep me going. I know you keep all of us going. So from the bottom of my heart, thank you Jordy. Shout out to the Mad Can't get Enough. Midas, check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.