
Every idea starts with a problem. Warby Parker's was simple. Glasses are too expensive, so they set out to change that. By designing glasses in-house and selling directly to customers, they're able to offer prescription eyewear that's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Warby Parker glasses are made from premium materials like impact resistant polycarbonate and custom acetate, and they start at just $95, including prescription lenses. Get glasses made from the good stuff. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babbel is the Science-backed Language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast Rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock during tax season. Your personal info travels to a lot of places between payroll, your tax consultant, and the IRS. If your W2 gets exposed, that's just the ticket for Identity Thieves. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it Guaranteed or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Another day in more countries, Donald Trump is threatening war with. He then threatened to invade Gaza, send troops there, occupy it permanently. Then Fox tried to, I guess, cover up for it and say that he was part of some master negotiation that we just simply don't get. And also what he was doing with Greenland and Canada and Mexico and Panama and Columbia where he threatens things and then just basically either preserves the status quo or gives the other countries more than they had before. It's all part of four dimensional chess folks. I mean, this stuff is dangerous 'cause Trump is isolating the United States of America, but it's also making America look so utterly weak and pathetic and detested across the world.


As Donald Trump backs down on his various tariff threats and his various cries or claims that he's going to do all of these wars, he's also losing in the courtroom as well. There have now been multiple federal injunctions against Donald Trump and Elon Musk's various schemes. There was an injunction regarding the Doge access to the Treasury Department records. Although the person who was appointed as the representative to go inside the Treasury Department apparently resigned recently over making certain eugenics related comments. And so once these were discovered, the person resigned. There's also injunctions regarding birthright citizenship.


There's also injunctions regarding the government freeze. There's injunctions regarding Donald Trump's attempt to put trans women into the male prisons and to deprive them of the medication based on the cruel and unusual punishment clause of the United States Constitution. There's also an injunction that was issued by the court about that fake government buyout offer and more will go into all of these major federal injunctions. But it's been loss after loss after loss for Trump. Don't be distracted folks. Prices are not getting lower. They are getting higher. That's if you can even find eggs at a supermarket.


Houses are not getting more affordable. They are getting less affordable. There has not been peace in Ukraine in 24 hours, although Trump has made Vladimir Putin and Xi Jinping more powerful than ever. We're going to break this all down on the Midas Touch podcast today. I wanna start off though by showing a series of clips, Brett Jordy, I want you to react to these clips. The first clip I wanna show you, Sean Hannity trying to say Donald Trump making these statements about Gaza. Brilliant, brilliant stuff here. This is part of complex negotiations. Everybody here play this clip. The US will take over the Gaza script and we will do a job with it too. Now, like Trump's tariff threats and tough negotiations with Panama, Venezuela, Denmark, Mexico, Canada, this is likely just the first chapter in a complex ongoing art of the deal negotiation.


But once again, for the million time, the Democratic party is just overcome with hysteria. You know, there's like that DMX song where he like lists a bunch of like women or like kinda like a list of like ex-girlfriends who don't talk to you anymore, who like hate you. Like that's kind of like with what you'll say, Panama Columbia and you know, and Denmark and Green Leo places where Trump literally lost in negotiations and Trump was made and wonderful I could do the DMX voice with, with those songs. Here's Kayleigh McEnany though, trying to push these propaganda talking points. This is from state run re regime Media called Fox. Let's play it. Well, the media didn't listen to that. Those gathered in the room, Kaitlyn Collins, others, because I watched through the channels last night and it was absolute pandemonium.


I mean, the freak out was only second to June 27th, the day that Joe Biden had that disastrous debate. And when you look at it, I just thought to myself, they haven't learned the lesson yet. And the lesson is this, maybe Trump is not trying to take Gaza. Maybe this is a grand part of a negotiation to get Iran to come to the table, to get Iran to hold back the proxies, to get Iran to stop its nuclear warfare on the world. Maybe that's it. My lesson to the media, this one line I wish they would take, president Trump is playing four dimensional chess. You all are playing checkers. If They even have a game board, If they even have a game board, yes. Quite. So If they even have a game board, ha ha ha, Elon Musk and doji are all in your government records.


Ha ha, everybody, do you even have a game plan? Like they're like literally Cartoonishly evil. By the way, that was the face of Susie Wildes. Donald Trump's chief of staff as Donald Trump talk about permanently occupying Gaza. Brett and Jordy. Sorry for that long intro. I just had to show those clips right away. Brett, how Are you doing? No, I I mean, it's, it's craziness. It's pandemonium. We can never act like any of this is normal. There really is like a coup of the government happening from the inside. And we're seeing state run media like you see in Russia and North Korea and other autocratic countries. Fox is just full on state run media at this point. Everything they say is bullshit. Everything's a lie. Honestly, a lot of the stuff I think would make Vladimir Putin and the stuff he does over in Russia blush with, with the level of gaslighting that they have.


And it's the same pattern though that we've seen from Fox over so many years. And that's, at first they try to tell you what Trump really said. Oh, this is actually what he really meant. It's actually four dimensional chess. And watch, let me show you. And then he, he goes, oh, you're just not getting it. People, If you are as smart as me and everybody else who we know at Donald Trump is doing these negotiations, and then inevitably this is gonna happen where Hannity's gonna be on an interview with Trump one-on-one and he's gonna ask, so this is a negotiation tactic, right? So you're not really, this is just a positioning for the United States, and Trump's gonna go, no, I really mean it. And Hannity's gonna go, but you really don't. Right? And, and the whole cycle's gonna continue like it always does.


The stupidity is endless. The they're, they're even using the same talking points right now. If you look from Fox to the White House Press Secretary to people like Pete Hegseth, you see the talking points just repeat themselves on all those aspects. They're clearly in coordination. And If you know, let me show you a clip. I I got a clip of them literally repeating each other's talking points that I do wanna show you. I'll show you this and then I'll just make another point about why Fox Estate run TV after you watch this. But this makes it pretty damn clear. Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. The definition of insanity is attempting to do the same thing over and over and over again.


And as the president and Prime Minister pointed out last night, As our defense secretary said famously, today, Pete Hegseth, the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again. President Trump is an outside of the box thinker and a visionary leader who solves problems that many others, especially in this city claim are unsolvable. A a president is willing to think outside the box. We might as well look at one of the world's longest problems and bring in a leader who thinks outside the box, who's crazy, may just be crazy genius. I I, like I said, Mike, Like you can't, Vladimir Putin is watching that being like, guys, you've gotta tone it down a little bit.


That's a little on the nose fellas. And that clip for the audio listeners, you go between Carolyn Levitt, who's the press secretary, go to Pete Hegseth, who was a Fox News host, plucked right outta Fox News Morning tv. Then you go to the Fox host praising him. They all say the same exact things. And where I was getting at before is if that wasn't enough for you to explain that, this is state tv. Guess who's getting a new show on Fox New Weekend Show on Fox coming up soon? La Trump is gonna be hosting a new show where she's gonna get into the truth about what is really going on. That's right. Laura Trump, a former co-chair of the RNC now getting a show on Fox, but yeah, Trump administration. Tell me more about DEI and merit based hiring.


You know, Lara's probably gonna end each show singing her hit singles. Brett, it's gonna be when I watch, or I hope, I hope those Fox viewers get all the singing they ask for. When I watch those cl I'm gonna borrow a word. I'm gonna borrow nice Yiddish word putts. McEnany puts Hannity putts. Wil Kane puts Levit putts. He of puts, they're such losers, man. It's unbelievable watching them with these same talking points, these tired ass talking points. And then you get the sense when you watch the Carolyn Levitt clips very specifically, she's doing like a bad book report in school. Like it feels like when she's reading from her notes, like even just the way that she tries to deliver the information is just awful and super incompetent.


I mean, these people are the worst, you know, as Donald Trump and people like that are their, their one mission is destroy usaid. Okay? But the broader plot there was, that was the first one they were gonna go after, right? So go after usaid, which provides all this aid to like vulnerable people abroad, like women who have HIV and aids to stop the transmission of the, of, of hiv aids to their babies. And like stopping things that are like, and harming agencies and organizations that like, do things like that. Like literally people are going to die. But one of the things that we've learned, right, is that Elon Musk and Doge are now going to the other agencies, right?


They're, they put their people in the treasury department. We'll talk a little bit more about the legal maneuvering there, but there's now an injunction blocking that data from being given over to Musk and anybody but their designated person who works at the Treasury Department. But it turns out that that person was bragging about eugenics and saying that he wouldn't marry anybody outside of his race ever. And those posts emerged and apparently that person resigned from that position. But, we'll, we'll, we'll we'll get into that. But then they've gone into the Department of Labor, department of Education. It seems like every day they go into another, like another entity just somewhere and they say like, get the hell out of here and like walk in and then like, have their 19 and 22 year olds like enter the systems and put their algorithms Creeps, little like creeps.


They're putting their little tentacles, little kids, creepy Kids. I wanna call 'em kids 'cause I give them, that gets them like, oh, they're child. These are adults, but they're like, they, they look like creepy kids, but they're actually, you know, purportedly, I won't call 'em grown men, but whatever. So they go into all these areas. But like I I, I need to remind us perhaps we start this like cleanse at the beginning of the episode. Like when, when JFK rolled out usaid, it was because this was viewed as like a major part of America's soft power. That America was the leader of the free world. And what JFK was saying is as the leader of the free world, it's not bombs and threats, it's sometimes medication and food and helping countries out that saves lives here.


When you can do that here, play this clip of JFK, The presence of the United States is as a leading power in the free world is involved in your work directly. The people who are opposed to aid should realize that this is a very powerful source of strength for us. It permits us to exert influence for the maintenance of freedom. If we did not, were not so heavily involved, our voice would not speak with such a vigor. And as we do not wanna send American troops to a great many areas where freedom may be under attack.


We send you and you working with the people in those countries to try to work with them in developing the economic thrust of their country so that they can make a determination that they can solve their problems without resorting to totalitarian control and becoming part of the block. And I want everybody quickly to just be aware of a lot of the disinformation that's going out there right now. Because one of the things I think that's been the scariest thing for me about this Trump administration, and frankly it's been a concern of mine for the past, I don't know since we've been doing this, is that you have, Fox owns the flow of information that's on cable news. They're the dominant news outlet spreading the news there, and they own a lot of newspapers.


And then you have Sinclair that owns a lot of the local news that's repeating right-wing talking points. They're right-wing conglomerate that own channels that appear to be NBC or appear to be a B, C or Fox or whatever. They're actually owned by Sinclair. Then on digital you have the platforms that are owned by people like Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg. And those are throttling information. Those are pushing certain information to the top. And so these lies spread so quickly. So I see every day now a new lie that is built up in order to justify the destruction of these agencies and to smear people and to destroy them, to fire them, to maybe ultimately imprison them. And I, it, it worries me because it doesn't look like the United States at all, but it does look like Russia.


It does look like what you see in these autocratic countries. And so when you see with U-S-A-I-D and you, you see Elon Musk, you know, I I've seen a lot of these kind of right wing people on Twitter go, I I isn't it everything that, you know, they're afraid because we found the fraud, we found the fraud and the illegal activity and they are mad that we discovered all the illicit activity that they are doing at the treasury department at the this department, at that department. They make up a lie. And then they use that as a predicate to then go after those organizations and and to bleed them dry when they are the ones actually engaging in likely illicit behavior. They deflect with that. That becomes the pseudo truth that gets uplifted first on social media.


Then it flows to Fox, it's repeated on Fox and then it just becomes the kind of MAGA truth that they think is the truth. There was this Politico story yesterday that was one of the things going on that was saying like, oh look, U-S-A-I-D paid politico all this money over these years and they're using it to bribe Politico. And, and, and it was just complete and total bs they were paying for like a Politico data service the same way government agencies pay for Reuters or Associated Press or whatever to get access to data, to get access to research and, and things like that. And it was money that was paid over the course of, I dunno, like eight years or 10 years or something like that. They turned this into a conspiracy theory that U-S-A-I-D is being used to funnel money to news agencies in order to shift the programming to be anti-Trump.


And, and they somehow acted like Politico was like the most pro Biden administration, which If you re read Politico ever, you, you know that it's absolutely not at all. And I think they're even owned by a right wing like German conglomerate Politico. But you know, the the point that I wanna make though is that they are using Soviet esque justifications in order to destroy these agencies. And, and it's just a very devious tactic. I'm not honestly sure how you overcome all that other than by building these pro-democracy voices like the Midas Touch Network and others up. And, and so I mean that, that's our mission right now. We gotta combat this just endless flow of stuff. And I'll just add also that we're doing that and I want to thank everybody because we're, we're proud to announce that the Midas Touch podcast on audio platforms right now is the number one news podcast out of any podcast on all of audio and Apple Podcasts.


Not only that, when you look at all categories, we are the number two podcast of all podcasts. So that's higher than the New York Times. You see, it's higher than Joe Rogan, higher than Tucker Carlson, higher than Megan Kelly, higher than Charlie Kirk, Ben Shapiro. So finally these pro-democracy voices, despite all the manipulation, despite all the, the, the finger that they have on the scale here, we are still winning this information war right now. And that's because of you. Because while the corporate media wants to think that the pro-democracy community is dead right now, that we are silent, they are dead wrong about that. People are fed up. They don't like what's happening. So If you wanna support, by the way, help us get to number one of all podcasts. Make sure you go right now also and add the Midas Touch podcast on Apple Podcasts and on Spotify and keep us up the rankings.


'cause we need to continue to clap back at this disinformation with the truth. And that's what we're here to do. I know that's what you're, you're here to do, Ben, Ben, you're on mute. You have protests taking place across the country as well. The 50 51 protests, 50 states, 50 protests on one day. I know that was not getting a lot of corporate media. Did, did Anyone and was it on any channel at all? Us You know, I mean, you would think about if there were protests literally in most cities across the country, Whether you were in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Whether you were, you know, in Tampa or Denver or Wyoming, wherever. I mean, this shouldn't be a republican, democrat, independent, vegetarian, carnivorous, whatever.


Like, whatever your issue is. You should not want billionaires to have your social security info and your medical records and your data. I i, it it shocks me that there are people like, yeah, we're owning the libs. Take my medical records and my social security and all of my information. Take my Medicare, take that Libs you, you, you, we owned you. Okay. Really like that. Like that's, you're rooting for billionaires to literally, like you're, I, you know, we do the, we do the, we do the, the, the segments on the leopards eating your faces, right? But often when the leopard like eats your face, you'd be like, ah, leopard, you know, sometimes while the leopard is eating their faces, they're like, yes, yes, I love the leopard.


It's like they're eating your face. That was your eyeball, okay. And that was your nostril. And, but, but I don't need an eye o okay, that's a little bit weird. Like, stand up for yourself. Look, I'm not really sure where I'm going with that, but people get it is the point. People get it is the point. And people don't want that to happen. And one of the things that we, the people can do is, you know, we're gonna get out all the information, we disseminate the information, we build this platform, this YouTube channel is almost 4 million. Subscribe Meidas strong. And I think our growth was something like close to half a million Subscribe Meidas over the past 30 days or slightly less thanks to everybody here.


We can keep on growing this together and then we can also activate when we need to be activated peacefully, of course, and to make sure we get these messages out. It's why it's important that we continue to grow. I mean, but who's, who's, who's the beneficiary of this? 'cause it certainly ain't the Red State Venezuelan voter or the Red State Cuban voter or the Red State voter on food stamps or the Red State voter on Medicare or Obamacare. Let, let's show some of those. Shall we though? Let's just, just show me first, Brett, let's, let's do the Venezuelan community that had a lot of people on TPS temporary protected status, meaning they were here lawfully leaving Venezuela because there's a dictator, Nicholas Maduro, who's trying to kill them.


They were welcomed here into the United States a lot under the Biden administration, which respected their TPS status as well. They rallied though not behind Biden, but behind Donald Trump and said, oh, Trump's gonna protect us Trump, Trump from Venezuelans and Cubans and everyone for Trump. So what does Trump do? Trump's been making deals with Maduro to send them back to Venezuela, revoke their TPS, their TPS is gone. So now you have people in these communities, especially communities too, like where Trump has resorts like Doral, the city council, there's all Cubans and Venezuelans in Doral, that's the big populations there.


And they're like, wait a minute now, now you're sending us back to Venezuela. What you're doing deals with Maduro. Biden didn't recognize Maduro Biden protected their TPS status. They rallied to Trump, and let's play the clip at A press conference in Doral Monday. Venezuelan Americans denounced the Trump administration and South Florida Republicans More than betrayed beyond betrayed. They used us. They actually, during the campaign, and I don't want to make this political, but during the campaign, the, the, the, the elector officials from the Republican party, they actually told us that he was not going to touch the, the documented people. Well, I mean, what do you think he was gonna do?


I mean, let, let, let's be real, and I don't root for people, let me be very clear. Even if they voted for Trump or supported Trump, I don't want to see Americans suffer. I, because we're all suffering too. It's not, you know, just unique there. But you were so stuck in your rage algorithm Yeah. That you were, that you were like Trump had signs, said it said mass deportations. Now you think he was talking about deporting white southern men. Who do you think he was talking about deporting? You, you, you were holding the signs at his events. You were, I mean, not her specifically, I don't know, but, you know, but Venezuelans and, and Cubans and Latino Americans and others saying mass deportations now, and you and I were saying here and other hosts were like, he's talking about deporting you.


What do you, what do you think that actually means? And now they're like, oh, I've been so betrayed. I've been so betrayed. I, IIII wanna show this though, Brett and Jordy and might as mighty because it's not just unique to Venezuelans or Cubans or Palestinians. For Palestinians, for Trump. I could be a Palestinian for Trump, Muslims for Trump. Are you talking about he had a Muslim ban, he banned you, but he's gonna be good this time. What does he go, let's lo let's level it. Let's, let's level Gaza. I mean, let's just destroy it with Netanyahu by his side. Wait, what do you think he was gonna do? That's that, that that's who he's whatcha talking about. It's, it's everyone though. I mean, here you have the MAGA Republican representatives, Congress members right now who are going out there and they're basically saying, look, it's time.


You all feel pain Americans, we're gonna release a budget soon. You are, it's gonna suck. You're gonna feel so much pain, you're gonna hate it, you're gonna suffer. But, but shouldn't we all suffer for Elon Musk and Donald Trump? Shouldn't we suffer? Shouldn't we suffer for they, they want us, our dictators want us to suffer, so let's sacrifice for them. If you think that I'm making that up and that's not what they're saying, roll clip. You'll See a menu of options that'll come out in March and it will be littered with a collection of ideas, some of which Americans are gonna really not before, but hey, if we don't sacrifice, if we don't understand that this is gonna be a painful process, nothing's going to change.


Why I, why I don't want pain. What, what, what are you talking about? The crazy thing is I would, I I would maybe understand some of this if there were like, listen, ti like times are really tough, the economy, we're in a great depression and we all gotta understand that times are gonna be tough as we get back, you know, on our feet. But our economy's the best in the world. Like, you know, there are obviously a lot of issues with the economy, but our economy has been the best in the world, thanks to President Biden. Bringing us back to the devastation that was wrought by Donald Trump's previous administration. So you saw four years of steady growth. You saw four years of inflation raising because of what happened with Donald Trump and the pandemic and the issue with supply chains and you name it.


And you saw President Biden deal with that in a steady way, execute what is known as a soft landing, which many people thought was impossible. And now that we're at that soft landing stage, Elon Musk and Donald Trump actually want to destroy people. They want a hard landing. They wanna actually hit people over the head and make them suffer. And this is like, how many times do they have to say this out loud before people get it? How many Elon said it before the campaign? Trump said it last week. You have this guy saying it right now. There's no need for Americans to suffer, for things to improve. And the fact that people apparently decided that they want, this is one of the most disturbing things to me.


But Ben, I think you nailed it. The rage algorithm, people looking beyond their own interests because it just, it upsets me because I have so much empathy and, and, and I care so much about these various groups of people. I care so much about the treatment of the Palestinian people. I care so much about the treatment of Muslims in America. I care so much about these other immigrant groups, the Venezuelans, the Cubans, and to see them be led astray by Donald Trump and to buy his bullshit when everybody should have known that Donald Trump is a master bullshitter and was going to sell these people out the second he could. It just defies any sort of logic to me. You know, I read an interesting article, I'll just like go over quickly, but it was an article about one of Peter Thiel's in-house thinkers.


They called him a house philosopher, and this guy's name is Curtis Jarvin and he's a software engineer. And he developed kind of this, this program, this plan that we now kind of see Elon Musk following. There's been articles about this guy in the Guardian and on this website, the Nerd Reich, and he envisioned, and this is a guy who JD Vance frequently retweets and, and quote tweets and views as an intellectual genius. This this software engineer guy. And he said, quote, if Americans want to change their government, they're going to have to get over their dictator phobia. And he suggested running the government with a president and then an unelected CEO type who gets to do whatever he wants in the government and destroy the government from within, make the American people feel pain as he re rewires the government from the ashes.


Does that sound familiar to what's going on right now? Well, this is somebody who, Peter Thiel, who's one of the PayPal mafia guys, he helped start PayPal with Elon Musk and very close, you know, basically responsible for JD Vance. This is like the philosopher, and I use quotes for that, that these people look up to and this is who they're taking their guidance from right now. So I just think it gives a a little bit of perspective. He called his operation that he envisioned rage retire all government employees. And what the writer of this nerd Rech notes is that rage is basically the same thing as Doge under a different name. And that's exactly the plans right now that you see Elon Musk carrying out.


Yeah, E exactly. Brett, you look around, you look at all these buyouts for government officials. I mean, it, it's exactly that plan. How terrifying is that? It, it's, it's happening right in front of your eyes. Look, there's no other way to put this. The Republican party is, is pro oligarch. They hate you, American citizen MAGA base. They hate you, they wanna make you suffer. You heard it, you, you heard it right there from the horse's mouth. That's one of your elected officials saying that you need to feel pain in order to then later feel better. But that's not even truly what he's saying. He's, you need to feel pain. So the oligarchs so they can feel good. That's what this Republican party wants to do. It is unfreaking believable. We're not gonna let it happen.


Not this community, not this pro-democracy movement. No chance Uhuh. Well that's one of the reasons too, you know, when they're doing all this stuff and they're throwing out the invasions language and then they're having Musk's team go in and destroy the government, then they sneak in their culture war issue front and center, Donald Trump signing an executive order, banning the nine transgender NCA athletes from playing in sports. And then, you know, and then they basically push out kind of those talking points to, you know, literally impact, I think, I think it's under 10, according to Charlie Baker who runs the NCAA, the president of the N-C-A-A-A lot to talk about Brett.


We actually did talk about the, the person you mentioned Curtis Jarvin about six months and six months ago. Anthony Scaramucci and I spent about four minutes talking about the vin JD Vance connection. And so we were saying this is who they follow. And we went through a bunch of it about maybe even more than six months ago. May have been like May or June, however many months ago that is. Anyway, we've got a lot to discuss. We're gonna take our first quick break. Trump losing in the courts, lost, lost loss, a ton of injunctions, right wing judges as well, Reagan appointees and others. You know, basically saying that this Trump regime is lawless and that these injunctions are necessary with things like birthright citizenship or sending doge people into the Treasury Department, or cruel and unusual punishment by forcing trans women to go into men's prisons and to be taken off medications and things like that banned under the cruel and unusual punishment clause of the United States Constitution.


Reminder, hit subscribe. Now we're on our way to 4 million Subscribe Meidas, 4 million Subscribe, Meidas, everybody, we can get there together. So please hit subscribe now. Also patreon.com/minus touch P-A-T-R-E-O n.com/minus touch. Next week meet me, Brett Jordy special zoom meeting for patrons. We don't have outside investors, we're 100% people powered. patreon.com/midas Touch is how you join that Zoom meeting. Ask Brett, Jordy and I any questions that you have. Also midas plus.com. M-E-I-D-A-S-P-L-U s.com, midas plus.com.


There we've collaborated today. We had a great one with Jim Acosta. Finally, we've had that Jim Acosta collaboration you have all wanted, so you can watch that. And our editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski, has the best daily breakdowns in politics. Let's take our first break of the show,


Even If you think it's a bit overhyped, AI is suddenly everywhere from self-driving cars to molecular medicine to business efficiency. If it's not in your industry yet, it's coming fast, but AI needs a lot of speed and computing power. So how do you compete without costs? Spiraling out of control time to upgrade to the next generation of the cloud? Oracle Cloud infrastructure or O-C-I-O-C-I is a blazing, fast and secure platform for your infrastructure database application development, plus all your AI and machine learning workloads. OCI costs 50% less for compute and 80% less for networking. So you're saving a pile of money. Thousands of businesses have already upgraded to OCI, including Vodafone, Thomson Reuters, and Suno ai. Right now, Oracle is offering to cut your current cloud bill in half. If you move to OCI for new US customers with minimum financial commitment offer ends March 31st. See if your company qualifies for this special offer at Oracle dot com slash midas. That's Oracle dot com slash midas.


Your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. If you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you Check out Miracle Made Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long. I get so many emails from the Mightest Mighty saying how great Miracle Made sheets are and how it's changed their lives for the better. Here's why it uses silver infused fabrics inspired by nasa. So therefore, Miracle Made Sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather. So you get better sleep every night. Now these sheets are also infused with silver, as I said, and that prevents up to 99.7% of bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. So no more gross odors. Also, miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without that high price tag of other luxury brands and it feels as nice to me, if not nicer, than the sheets used by some five star hotel. So upgrade your sleep this year. Go to try miracle.com/midas, that's T-R-Y-M-I-R-A-C-L e.com/m E-I-D-A-S to try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, If you order today, you can save over 40%. And If you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get a free three piece towel set and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So If you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So Upgrade your Sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE TOWEL SET and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


Shout out to our sponsors, links in description of YouTube and the audio. Use the codes, use the links, let them know we sent you that Miracle Made Sheets. Guys, I have outfitted my entire house with them, so definitely check them out. And if you're a Midas mighty and you're in this chat right now, let everyone know If you voted them and which thing 'cause 10 outta 10 would approve. And then again, just real quick, shout out to the audio listeners of The MeidasTouch Podcast. I mean, it is just so dang amazing that we are the number one news podcast in America on the Apple charts right now. See, we come with actual data. We just don't say like, oh, we're the number one, whatever. No, this network here, the Midas Touch Network, the Midas Touch podcast, number one news podcast. It's a seismic shift, folks, a seismic shift. It's really incredible.


And number two of all shows in any category, and that's seriously thanks to y'all. So thank you guys. I know we talk about a lot in the show, but that's just you guys delivering, making sure that you're subscribed to the podcast and all that and listening on audio as well as the YouTube. So shout out y'all, thank you so much. Ready for this, Jordy, we don't really have a sound effect, so ring, ring, ring. Wait, what's the, what's the, what's the theme? Flashback. Flashback alert, 2016. Marco Rubio debate with Donald Trump where Rubio says re re play the clip. In all fairness, Marco is not a negotiator. I watched him melt down and I'll tell you, it was one of the saddest things I've ever seen. He's not going down.


He thinks the Palestinian is a real estate deal And these people may even be tougher than Chris Christie. Okay? The Palestinians are not a real estate deal, Donald. Okay? No, no, no a deal. They're not a real estate deal. A deal is a deal. Lemme tell you, I've learned a Deal's not deal when you're dealing with terrorists. Have you ever negotiated With negotiator? You're not a negotiator. And with your thinking, you'll never, you'll never bring peace. You will never bring Peace. Donald might be able to bring, be in the Palestinian areas, excuse me, but he's not gonna, this is not a real estate deal. Senator bring peace, Senator, Senator. He will never be able to do it. I think I may be able to do it, although I will say this probably the toughest deal of any kind is that particular deal.


Few observations. Number one, Donald Trump. Now compared to then, I was literally looks like absolute cognitive mush, right? I mean like, like literally looking at Donald Trump now, I mean, I know the media wanted to say all these things about Biden. There's a d Biden was older, but, but Biden's was saying things that like made sense and, and yes, the the delivery was slower, sure would Biden stutter, but like, okay, Donald Trump says things where like you read the transcript. I mean, he, he did one recently and, and and I read it about air traffic controls and, and, and you just read these statements and it's like, what are you saying? This is what Trump said.


We're all gonna sit down and do a great computerized system for our control towers, brand new, not piece together, obsolete like it is land-based trying to hook up a land-based system to a satellite system. The first thing some experts told me when this happened is you can't hook up to land to satellites and you can't hook up satellites to land. It doesn't work. We spend billions of dollars trying to renovate an old broken system instead of just saying, cut it loose and let's spend less money and build a great system done by two or three companies, very good companies, specialists, that's all it is. They use 39 companies. That means that 39 different hookups have to happen.


I don't know how many people of you are good in terms of all the kinds of things necessary for that. And it's very complex stuff, but when you have 39 different companies working on hooking up different cities and different people, you need one company with one set of equipment. And there are some countries that have unbelievable air, the whole thing. It's ridiculous. You get the point. Yeah. I mean, by the way, halfway done, which is the only reason why I, I think it was NPR r in 2017. We're trying, we're trying to preserve our number one podcast status. There you go. That's number, That's over the number one pod folks, A story that brutally honest with brothers Ben shut, You may, Jody you may speak.


Thank you. Thank you. Do you guys remember, I think it was like 2017 MPR actually did a story that it was next to impossible to translate Donald Trump in other countries just because of the ongoing just verb that come out of his mouth. I could only imagine what it is is now. I mean, take that statement for example. It's completely ridiculous. My other observation from that clip, Ben, if, if you'd be so kind, would be that, did everyone in Trump's orbit just sell their soul? You, you actually, after answering this, it's rhetorical. Just sell their sell out completely sell out. Because that Rubio clip, he's actually standing strong. It sounds like he actually has a strong conviction there. And he is calling Trump out for exactly what he's doing now in 2024. So it's 2025.


So it's unbelievable to see, you know, the JD Vance's who had the hard anti-Trump stance and you know, it wasn't just anti-Trump to be anti-Trump, it was almost essentially like a, a close adjacent to a pro-democracy stance. But no, they've sold their soul to get closer and more power closer to the power. And Of course, you don't have to go as far as JD Vance because you had Marco Rubio right there on the stage who's now the Secretary of State going, oh, Donald amazing plan to take over an occupy Gaza and own it. Oh, this is exactly whatever. I'm excited for this. This is a amazing idea. Coward. Such a tiny, like the one thing that Trump was right about was the nickname Little Marco, because this is such a tiny human being, just a speck of a man, just such an insignificant little tiny human being.


I'm not talking about in size, but I'm talking about in in his intellectual stature. I'm talking about in just the way he's willing to sell out his values for power. The tiniest of people that you could possibly ever imagine. Marco Rubio, you pathetic little man, you Pathetic Little Rubio, You little Rubio, little Marco. Look, let's be clear, let's be clear though too, is that, is that we're, we're just bullying now, but I mean, I guess If you could bully bullies, you Deserve, yeah, Marco, Bullying bullies is not bullying. It's like when in, in like a math class, when you would have like negative negatives, it somehow became a positive or whatever. You know, somehow If you, If you, If you bully a bully, it's positive. I love the extent when our math knowledge magic bullying a bully all good.


Nothing. It's not, it's no longer bullying. But here's the thing. We also know that Donald Trump has very, you know, is, is looking weaker than ever as well. I mean with all of, like, just think about all those memes out there with Claudia Scheinbaum and Justin Trudeau, prime Minister, Trudeau, president Scheinbaum. We're like, you just take a look at Mexico, for example. Donald Trump's like, look at the, look at the negotiation. I got 10,000 troops at the border. O Donald, there's already 15,000. So you just agreed to negative 5,000 troops at the border. You literally just said you're gonna have less troops at the border. Put their put then all like Trump's people go on, but now they're permanent. It's like, okay, what, what, where was that set on the deal? Number one. And then number two, Biden had far more troops on the border.


All right, so you screwed that one up. What about Canada? What you said you want to do annex it. Like the way Putin says he annex Ukraine. Take it over Concor. What'd you get Donald? Okay, here. Okay, $1.3 billion in border security. I mean, you mean the same thing that was happening under Biden that was talked about in December? No, but he said it again to me. Okay, what, what else did you get? Fentanyl czar. Okay, well how much fentanyl's coming in from Canada? None have a fentanyl za there. I think it's like 40 pounds. Just, just think about it for me. I mean basically, okay, think about it from this perspective though. If Vladimir Putin threatened Ukraine, Zelinsky responds to Putin, Hey, I know you say you wanna annex Ukraine that you said you're gonna invade.


What if I gave you a fentanyl czar? And Putin was like, okay, deal even. And then, and then that was it. I mean, I just want you to think about it. We have Trump using Putin's rhetoric weakening the United States, and then when Trump is like confronted by a united and strong Canada, good for them. We stand in solidarity with you Canada people, Canadians who love democracy and people across the world who love democracy, standing up to our humiliating fascism here in the United States. What does Trump do when he sees the stock market going down? He folds like the cheap suits that he wears instantly. I mean in, in Panama, how embarrassing is this? The state department puts out a, a tweet.


We got a, we got a deal in Panama, the crossings are free. Then the Panama Canal authority response, not true. We didn't agree to that. It's so embarrassing. Didn't do it then they do, you know, fake deals with Columbia. Look, we got Columbia to submit. Whatcha talking? You didn't get Columbia to submit. What are you talking? Columbia's not doing anything different either. It's the same exact thing that's happening in the Biden administration. All you've done is unite the world and they all just think that you are just gonna go throw a tantrum, then move on to the next one. Move on to the next one, move on to the next one. But Russia's loving this. This has been Russia's favorite week or favorite two weeks, you know, for them to watch the self destruction of US power.


This is Julia Davis. She does a great job, incredible. You should all follow her. She does Russian monitor. I really like her work. Cackling Putin. Powell's Celebrate Trump's simply sensational first week of us. Self-destruction is alliteration there too. But the thing I wanna say here is in addition to the obvious stuff that weakens America, there was something else that wasn't covered, but that Russian TV is talking about over and over again. And I'm not just talking about the nudes of Melania that they play on Russian TV to taunt Donald Trump all of the time. What Marco Rubio said on the Meghan Kelly show was viewed in Russia as submission as an admission and a submission that the US has done trying to lead the world.


It lot, it's not being covered here. It's Bia. I watched Julia Davis monitor Russia. So I'm telling you this is nonstop. And they say that Rubio sounds exactly like their foreign minister Lavrov. They go, this is what, this is how Lavrov talks. I wanna show you the moment, let's play it right here. Where Rubio talks about the US being part of a multipolar world where China and Russia basically had equal power here, play this clip. So it's not normal for the world to simply have a unipolar power. That was not, that was an anomaly. It was the product of the end of the Cold War. But eventually you were gonna reach back to a point where you had a multipolar world multi great powers in different parts of the, of the planet.


We faced that now with China. And to some extent, you know, Russia. Okay, that right there, that statement, I don't, it's hard for me to characterize or even give the right words to what that was that you just observed. But for all of foreign policy, America saw itself as the leader of the free world, right? We'd call the president leader of the free world. The way that's being interpreted internationally is Rubio saying there's America, China, Russia. And then there's more to that clip where he goes, everyone focuses just on their own self-interest, who they're gonna go after, what they need.


And that's it. That's a complete 180, a complete 180 of American foreign policy. And that's exactly what Russia wanted to hear. And they viewed that as American surrender. And that's what they're saying over and over again on Russian tv. Brett Jordan. Yeah, and I just wanna add, you know, I, I'll bring it full circle back to the beginning of the show. When we played the clips of Hannity and Kaylee McEnany going, oh no, these are just the works of a brilliant tactician and it's four D chess and blah, blah, blah outside of the fox Babbel. That's not how these things play. And the reality is, is that the president is a very powerful person. That's why they call him the most powerful person in the world. And his words and his actions have an effect on the entire world.


And other world leaders take cues from the comments and actions that are done by the president to the United States. So when you have Donald Trump speaking about invading Panama or Greenland or Gaza or Canada, or you name it, that goes to Vladimir Putin and through his mind and goes through Xi Jinping's mind and go, oh, I, I mean maybe I'll take Taiwan, maybe maybe I, I should take these other countries in Europe because it's giving them the green light. Because now America's kind of central focus, like the, the idea of America pushing back against that imperialism in the current day is now being met with Donald Trump going, oh no, that's cool.


It's good to invade countries. This is what you do in, in this world. So it's giving them a green light to go ahead and to do those sorts of things. And you could just go down the line of, of everything that this administration is doing, and you see that it is giving all of these dictators and autocrats also excuses to engage in their worst behavior also, particularly when it comes to like what Donald Trump's saying about Gaza and saying that he's, it's a beautiful Riviera and it's gonna make for great high class developments. Essentially just saying that he wants to build Trump Tower or Mar-a-Lago out in Gaza. And you have all these Trump people and MAGA people going, oh, it's not the Gaza strip anymore. It's the MAGA strip. You see all these things.


You know what that is great for? It's great for recruitment for terrorist organizations overseas who have been saying that America was seeking the destruction of the Middle East. It's great for them. They are now able to use those clips. Hey, and whether Donald Trump is serious or not serious, they have that footage now. They have the tweets from all these high ranking people in the Trump administration. They have all these soundbites from people like maga, Mike, the Speaker of the House in the United States. And they could use those and go where? Under attack. So are you gonna join us or are you not? Because they're gonna come for us. It's the greatest recruiting tool ever for these groups. Donald Trump has made our country, whether he even acts on these things or not, he has put our country in grave danger. The same way that he spiked the stock market for those few hours before he panicked and reversed on his tariffs.


They, his actions have real world effects. There's always going to be an opposite reaction to Donald Trump's action. It's the nature of how this works. And so we're, we're frankly, we're not safe under this administration is, is basically my main point. And, and, and it's, we just gotta be careful honestly with all this stuff. And unfortunately the Republican party and Maga and the Fox News of the world all view this as some sort of propaganda game, but the consequences are serious. Exactly. Brett Trump is providing a permission structure to allow these, you know, world leaders, these dictators to live out their worst ideas. Like he, he, he has provided that permission structure for them.


And then just on a lighter note, if we're still bullying Marco Rubio, his ears are gigantic. I mean, for such a little guy, he, he can't do a physical joke. I mean, you can, the truth, what, what do you mean whatcha talking about? What? What? Bullying. Bullying and then making a physical bullying, bullying may cross the line. Okay. Hopefully we were bullying him intellectually. Now you're gonna call someone mean someone's gotta say it. Maybe it's like, maybe it where his ears grow the more he lies. And JJJ Jordy building physical appearances. I I, I'm not sure I can condone that younger brother Jordy. Well, we'll, well there's a lot to criticize Marco Rubio, but having to, and first off his ears, come on. Come on Jay. You're getting a little too comfortable on the, with, with this bull.


Alright, I wanna remind you, just because you're the number one podcast Jordy and you're beating Joe Rogan, we don't have people. This is why the people come here. Okay? Make sure everybody you hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million Subscribe Meidas here on this show. We still got a lot to talk about. Maybe Jordy will bully more people's physical appearances. Who knows where the show is gonna go. But in all seriousness, I'm gonna break down some of what hap the legal developments, what happened where there are injunctions. We'll show Democrats fighting back. We'll talk a little bit more about the protests taking place across the country. Action packed episode of the Midas Touch Podcast. Hang in there folks. We are in this together. Hit subscribe. Subscribe on audio midas plus.com, midas plus.com.


See that interview with Jim Acosta that Brett and I did earlier. Hey, maybe, maybe we'll show him a clip when we get back. If we have time, maybe we show him a clip. Maybe we'll show him a clip and patreon.com/midas touch Join me, Brett at and Jordy at a Zoom meeting next week. We don't have outside investors. That's what helps this network grow. We'll be right back after our last quick last quick break.


How good is that feeling of fresh, clean teeth? Now I only used to get that true feeling twice a year after I went to the dentist. But that all changed. Now that I use the new Quip 360 rechargeable electric toothbrush. The new Quip 360 oscillating toothbrush literally revolves around you. Finally, an electric toothbrush that doesn't overcomplicate the most basic daily ritual. Quip 360 is a bold, simple design that comes in multiple colors and is ultra quiet for a super clean without being super annoying, accepted by the American Dental Association, Quip 360 is scientifically proven to remove up to 11 times more plaque between teeth compared to a manual toothbrush and provide up to two times more whitening on day one. If you don't absolutely love your Quip 360, return it for free within 30 days. If you do love it, brush easy knowing you Get a free lifetime warranty for purchasing on Get Quip dot com. Get Quip QUI p.com and the opportunity to subscribe to refill heads by mail every three months so you never have to go to the store. And now with Quip Perks, Quip is literally putting their money where their mouth is. When you subscribe to autoship, you'll be enrolled in Quip Perks To earn credit back over time, free your mouth with Quip and discover the 25,005 star reviews. And Mouths already loving Quip. Just for listeners of the Midas Touch Podcast, get 20% OFF site wide and a free travel case and countertop. Stand at get Quip QU ip.com/midas. Free your mouth today and save 20% site-wide, plus a free travel case and countertop. Stand at get Quip QUI p.com/midas. Get Quip QU ip.com/midas.


Finally, A resolution that isn't a pain in the ass. Tushy bidets fit on your toilet in under 10 minutes, improving your health and saving you time and money. Every time you're on the bowl, it's time to level up your hygiene game. Do yourself a favor and get a tushy bidet. Honestly, after traveling to Japan, I was shocked that bidets were not the norm in the us. I knew that when I got back, I could not live without it. After installing my Toshi bidet, I couldn't believe I went this long without one. It was ridiculously easy to set up. Took me about 10 minutes, no extra plumbing, no hassle. Trust me, if I could do it, you can. And now my bathroom experience is cleaner, fresher, and way more comfortable than just using toilet paper. Look. Wiping with dry paper is basically just smearing things around. Gross tushy washes you with a precise stream of fresh water that removes 99% of bacteria. That means less irritation, no more micro tears, and no need for those chemical laden wet wipes. Just a smooth, refreshing, clean every single time. And the best part, I'm using 80% less toilet paper, which means I'm saving money, preventing clogged toilets and feeling way better after every trip to the bathroom. Honestly, once you go bidet, you never go back. Instantly improve your health from the bottom up for a limited time. Our listeners get 10% off their first Bday order when you use our code Midas at checkout. That's M-E-I-D-A-S. That's 10% off your first Bday. order@hellotushy.com with promo code Midas Hello tushy.com. Promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. Your butt will. Thank you.


Shout out to our sponsors links in description of the YouTube and the audio. Use the links. Use the codes. Brett, IIII gotta a call tush sheet for the next read, because it should be once you go bidet, you never go away. You like that? It's pretty good. We could workshop that. We could workshop it. And now we go to Jordy to make fun of RFK. Jordy. Gosh, Benji, where to next? I think our nation needs one gigantic tushy bidet just over our nation to Yeah, just Spray that full throttle, Spray that out. I mean, I, I guess that's called an election in two years and in Congress and then massive, a massive tissue bidet in four years because Oh, wow.


Wow, wow, wow. Let's talk about the courts. Let's talk about what's going on there. Multiple injunctions against the Trump administration and Doge, whatever. Doge even is. Seems like a bunch of private citizens and billionaires, connected individuals who are just going and writing different federal agencies. A bunch of creeps. I mean, it's some creepy looking. We we could bully them. Definitely some creepy like, yeah, the do the Doge kids deserve some blame and how far it could definitely some creepy looking dudes like that. Bullying is quite selective at times. If before Chan was manifested in the human form, it would be the people that Elon Musk is sending into these government agencies. We agree. Frankly, if these kids are bullied a little more, I don't think we'd have Doge.


Maybe they needed a little more bullying. I am. You guys bullied me a ton. You guys bullied me a ton growing up, and I think it really built some character. It really did. Yeah. I mean you, I mean, I God, well, they'll save it for, we'll save it for RFK Voice Fair Game. Might, might have such after dark shit. His, his voice has to be fair game, right? No, his, we not have to go Stop it, Angie. Where to next? Well, I'm trying to talk about legal cases while you're trying to like get me canceled. Jay, let's talk about injunctions. I'm a law professor Jordy. Let's talk about injunctions. An injunction was issued in Washington DC purporting to stop Musk's access to the Treasury Department and to the payment transaction systems.


The judge was inclined to grant this injunction and then basically ordered the parties to come up with a form of the deal of what that would be. But as with every Donald Trump deal, including the buyout, you can never really trust anything he's going to do because the person in the Treasury Department ends up who they agreed could stay. There is a musk handpicked puppet who it turns out based on some new breaking news, a staffer for Elon Musk, department of Government Efficiency, whose access to treasury payment systems was approved by the judge. As the designated person resigned today after links to a deleted social media account that advocated for racism emerged specifically eugenics, you can't pay me any money to marry outside of my ethnicity and pro progenic immigration policies that this individual supported.


So that was the Treasury Department person, but that injunction remains in place. It's unclear how much of our data they already have, how much access to your medical records, Medicare records, bank account information that they have. But that injunction was issued an order. Donald Trump wanted to ban birthright citizenship. Birthright citizenship is literally in the Constitution. There's an order enjoining or stopping the Trump administration from terminating the constitution. Very strong words from the federal judge who is actually a Reagan appointee Republican who goes, it has become evermore apparent that to our president, the rule of law is but an impediment to his policy goals.


The rule of law is according to him, something to navigate around or simply ignore, whether that be for political or personal gain. Nevertheless, in the courtroom and under my watch, the rule of law is a bright beacon, which I intend to follow. Hopefully when history is written, we will look back at federal judges, including even Trump appointees as those who have held the line. And I'll tell you, Donald Trump has pissed off all of those DC federal judges, including those who he appointed when he let out the January 6th insurrectionist. They had actually warned him in other sentencing hearings before he took office. Do not release the Proud Boys in the Oath Keepers. But Donald Trump released the Proud Boys and the Oath Keepers talking about more injunctions here, the this buyout offer, which seems to be completely illegal.


It seems to be an unlawful buyout offer because the appropriations process of Congress has not approved such a buyout offer. I guess it has to be in legislation, but, and also one of the reasons that could render this buyout offer unlawful is that it was also came with the threat that If you don't take the offer, you're going to be fired anyway, which would make the agreement coercive in nature and make it unconscionable as an agreement. That's one of the things that were argued. The judge, in that case, I believe it was a Massachusetts judge pushed until next week, at least next Monday, there's gonna be a hearing on whether there will be a more permanent injunction.


But if you're a federal worker, you're under no obligation to respond until at least next week. There'll be more clarification next week. But one of the things we're even learning, for example, is like all of these IRS people who took the buyout offer, because Trump's threatened that he's gonna fire all the IRS workers anyway, so a lot of IRS people took the offer and you know, they're one of the groups that took the offer, but then they were told you can take the offer after they took the offer because it's tax season and they're needed to process all of the taxes. And so Donald Trump, who said that the tariffs were gonna replace taxes, we didn't need an IRS. We could just have the external revenue service, and he wanted to push out the IRS agents.


Well, the IRS agents that a bet we'll take the retirement, we'll, we'll, we'll leave and then guess what? Fake offer, we need you to work through tax season, you know, through March and April, which just goes to show you Trump's con artist, his whole life has been duping people. He is gonna dupe you too. So I like that. By the way, the people who are leading a lot of this litigation unions, A-F-L-C-I-O-S-E-I-U, retirement Federation, a bunch of groups who have been the ones pushing these cases, so they've at least stopped that the government funding freeze. There's a Rhode Island case and a DEC case. The funding freeze hasn't been stopped, although it seems that the Trump administration is violating that freeze and still just saying, well, the memo's frozen, but we're, but we're just engaging in other action.


But that's under Federal Judge Monitor right now. And one that's not getting, I think enough attention though, just in its, in its sheer cruelty, was this executive order that would've forced the trans women population in prisons to just forcibly take trans women off their medication and then to put 'em back into the population with men where horrible things would happen. You, you got really horrific declarations like this one right here. I mean, this is what you know, this guy Aaron Melnick, who's been doing a good job covering this stuff, says, speaking personally, one of the most horrifying things in the last couple of weeks was Trump's decision to order that trans women, including people who fully transition surgically, be taken off their medication, stripped of female clothes and thrown into men's prison.


And you got declarations like this, that seems like a really bad idea that would've resulted in immediate sexual assaults consistent with the standard of care. Sarah has lived as a woman and has taken hormones for several years, including the entire duration of her incarceration prior to her incarceration. She had several surgeries including since, and, and then it's redacted since her arrest, she has always been housed in women's facilities. If Sarah is transferred to a men's facility, she will not be safe. She'll be at an extremely high risk of her harassment, abuse, violence, and sexual assault. She may be subject to strip searches by male correctional facilities officers. She may be forced to shower in full view of men who are incarcerated and her breasts and female genitalia will be exposed and vulnerable to sexual harassment, assault and rape.


The federal judge, the federal judge temporarily blocked that under the cruel and unusual punishment amendment of the United States Constitution. So people are fighting back, people are taking to the streets as well. We talked earlier in the episode about various protests, 50 51 protests that we're seeing across the country over this past week. I think those will continue to grow in size, make as corporate media refuses to report on those. Make sure you stay here on the Midas Touch Network, because we're going to do that type of reporting. I wanna share this with you as well. Democratic Congress member Jim McGovern, other Democrats are fighting back.


This is Democratic Congressman McGovern speaking from the floor of the House of Representatives, how people voted for lower egg prices, not for a Middle East. Mar-a-Lago here, let's play this clip. I mean, my Republican friends like to talk about America first. Again, I I, I'm, look at the front page of the New York Times today. Trump proposing takeover of Gaza as US territory. I gotta tell you, people voted for lower egg prices, you know, not for a Middle East Mar-a-Lago. You know, people did not vote to send their sons and daughters into the tunnels of Gaza so that Jared Kushner and Donald Trump can build Trump Tower Gaza.


That's not what they voted for. I mean, people wanna talk about issues. They want us to deal with issues that are gonna impact their everyday life, lower the cost of living. And in the first weeks, we have seen nothing, nothing from this president or the Republican majority here to deal with that. Next, he talks about Trump wanting to invade Greenland and Panama. Here's Democratic Congress member Jim McGovern. And look, you know, the agenda we're talking about. I mean, I'm looking at the New York Times here. Trump proposing takeover of Gaza as US territory. I mean, do your constituents wanna have their sons or daughters sent to Gaza to be in the middle of, of that violence?


This is the guy who also now wants to invade Greenland. He wants to take over Panama. He wants to annex Canada. He wants to Ooc now occupy Gaza. I mean, we have 42 million people in this country who are hungry. Whatever happened to America first, whatever happened to helping people in this country? Whatever happened to lowering prices? And instead we get this, this is like a, a warmonger here. I mean, come on. Powerful words there by not like a warmonger is a warmonger, but I like that. I mean, Congress member McGovern's been great. We've been seeing, you know, whether it's Democratic Congresswoman, Jasmine Crockett, A OC, Dan Goldman, Senator Schiff, Senator Murphy.


You know, I I I, if I keep listing, I I'll leave out names. You, you have the Democrats are fighting back and we're seeing, you know, some even new Democrats emerge who are, who are leading this fight. And you know, I like Democrats going in front of the Treasury Department building, going in front of the USAID building. Those visuals are important. It's important to be there, but it's important to visually connect what's happening to we the people. So we can see Brett, I think it's important as well that we reflect on the weakness that Donald Trump is showing with all these moves and how he continuously now he tries these big swings and ends up getting swatted down, whether it's by other foreign leaders or whether it's by the judiciary system.


And Ben, you know, he, we use the phrase here that Ben came up with the, a weapon of mass distraction. And, you know, Ezra Klein kind of took that through line, I think, and expanded on it a bit as well. And, and a great op-ed that I read where he basically said, you know, don't believe Trump. Like he's gonna try to throw all this crap. See what sticks. He's gonna try to act. He wants everybody to think he's the super powerful king that nobody could say no to. But guess what? We're seeing time and time again, people are saying no to him. The courts are shutting him down. His team is a complete and utter mess. They're making all these mistakes. They're kind of a disaster behind the scenes. They can't really do anything right.


And as they struggle, you see the people rising up. You see the people taking the streets. You see Donald Trump's approval rating falling dramatically. You see Elon Musk, who I think it's weird for just a random public figure to have an approval rating, but I guess some people do. But you see Elon Musk's approval rating plummet, like I'm talking plummet, where most Americans, I think only 30 something percent of Americans approve of what Elon Musk is doing right now. One of the fascinating things that I saw as well, is there's a new poll out amongst Republicans who before the election said like 60% or something like that, said they were excited about Elon Musk having a, a very intimate job in the Trump administration. Now that's down among Republicans to something like 26% with this new poll.


So you're seeing things change, you're seeing perceptions change. So we have to remember that in spite of all the craziness out there, to not fall for all of Donald Trump's antics and to understand that he is not infallible, that we have the strength and we have the energy, and whether the corporate media wants to show it or not, we're gonna show these images. We're gonna show the protests, we're gonna show the opposition to Donald Trump, the pro-democracy resistance that is taking shape in all forms right now when we are never gonna give up with this. And I know you aren't either. We gotta break through the noise. We gotta continue to fight. And I know that you all are gonna do this. Oh, you know what I also wanna do, if it's okay, just two seconds. I wanna show you just a quick clip of our interview with Jim Acosta from earlier.


This is, you can see the full thing on the Midas plus Substack. We had a great chi chat with him, spoke to him for what, like 35 minutes this morning. He, he's such a legend, and he is one of the voices out there that is standing strong, that is fighting back, that is not taking the crap, that is not laying down. He's defending our democracy. And he had some thoughts about Donald Trump constantly backing down. I'll play it for you right now. You know, Trump rolls out this threat. I'm gonna do these tariffs. And believe me, I've seen this movie before. He is the king of empty threats. He puts out these empty threats all the time. And he, and, and you know, you'll talk to his aides and advisors and they'll say, this is what we call strategic rhetoric. And he'll, he'll say all of this stuff and then he'll get concessions, baloney.


It doesn't always work out that way. Take a look what happened with Kim Jong-Un. Remember when Trump, during the first administration, his first administration was saying, there's gonna be Fire and fury and all this stuff, and then he goes and he meets with Kim Jong-Un. What, what happened? Kim Jong-un still has nuclear weapons that, that not, not nothing happened as a result of that, You know, Brett, those conversations that we're gonna be having with the Costa quite frequently on midas plus.com, so everybody go to Midas plus M-E-I-D-A-S-P-L-U s.com. Go there, great content. Philip Kowski does a great job with these daily updates. But we're gonna get to hear from Acosta Unfiltered with Midas Touch.


Think about that. Think about the, you know, he has his sources, he has, you know, all of that. And he's gonna bring that here to you. He's got his incredible substack. Make sure you subscribe there. Midas plus.com, check it out. M-E-I-D-A-S-P-L-U s.com. Subscribe to our substack as well. We're gonna bring you that com. We're growing. We're scrappy, we're scrappy with it as the kids, right? I'm telling, I'm telling you right now, it's an inflection point right now, right? We may be down bad from the election, right? Everybody's not thrilled to say the least about what happened, but what's happening right now in the background, and not, not in the background for you, but in the background to the, to the folks in, in corporate, mainstream media, all that.


There's something growing right now that's bigger than ever that they don't even see coming. So let's continue to build that and let's continue to just crush them, right? They're not, as we emerge, it's gonna be, it's already too late for them. Let's basically late, but it's already too late. But, but as the, once they finally get wind of what's going on here, they're gonna be oh crap, right? They're, they're gonna freak out. So continue to follow all the platforms, grow, and not just us too, but all the democracy creators out there. Make sure you're following, let's grow this community. And I, I really mean it. I'm gonna push you guys really hard this episode because I, I want this show to be number one. I want these messages to get out, follow the Midas Touch podcast on audio. We are the number one news podcast now in America. I wanna be the number one of all podcasts. But it's great that we're beating all these MAGA people.


'cause once you're, the higher you are, the more the algorithms push you out, the more they push down the other folks. And, and we gotta drown these people out. It is my mission in life to drown these MAGA voices out and for this community right here to be the one leading the charge. So on that note, I guess I'll leave it to Jordy to sign us up to the bully. Give it to the bully. Bully, right? As mighty, love this video.


Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 750,000 followers.