
Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms proving difficult to manage? Taya Guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year, many patients taking Taya achieved clinical remission, and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. Tremfya is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis, serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor If you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or If you need a vaccine. Ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. Call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit trem via radio.com.


Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions apply. See terms and conditions at KLM deo.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com. Cancel any anytime terms apply.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What advice They have? My favorite brand. Just like a whole new BU Dodge. Ah, I can buy too. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals you'll love Burlington. I told you So.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer cart going abandoned and more sales going to cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Waking up in the Trump regime. It's like Idiocracy fascist Groundhog Day. You wake up, Trump makes a stupid offensive post the markets tank. He then hosts some world leader. He says the most offensive things. Then you rinse and repeat. So you wake up in the morning and Donald Trump posts the following. The US doesn't have free trade. We have stupid trade. The entire world is ripping us off. Then he posts this, the European Union, one of the most hostile and abusive, taxing and taring authorities in the world. It was formed for the sole purpose of taking advantage of the United States has just put a nasty 50% tariff on whiskey. If this tariff is not removed immediately, the US will shortly place a 200% tariff on all wines, champagnes and alcoholic products coming out of France and other EU represented countries.


This will be great for the wine and champagne businesses in the us. Oh, Donald, tell me about all of those champagne businesses in the us. You know where champagne comes from? I think not. Then he posts the globalist. Wall Street Journal has no idea what they are saying or doing. They are owned by the polluted thinking of the European Union. Now, Trump says this as the leader of nato, mark Rutt was set to come into the Oval Office. The markets then tank over Donald Trump statements. Mark Rutt, the NATO Secretary General comes in to the Oval Office and Donald Trump in the presence of the leader of nato, talks about conquering Canada an annex in Canada. Watch it.


And To be honest with you, Canada only works as a state. It doesn't. We don't need anything. They have as a state. It would be one of the great states anyway. This would be the most incredible country visually. If you look at a map, they drew an artificial line right through it between Canada and the us. Just a straight artificial line. Somebody did it a long time ago, many, many decades ago and makes no sense. It's so perfect as a great and cherished state keeping, oh, Canada, the national anthem. I ha I love it. I think it's great. Keep it. But it'll be for the state.


One of our greatest states, maybe our greatest state Guy's, literally a psychopath. I mean, just listening to him speak, his lack of a thought process and again, declaring in my view, not trade war on Canada, but actual war. Then Donald Trump's advisor starts showing up one by one on the various propaganda shows to say, oh, he's so good. He's the greatest deal maker in the history. So Trump's energy secretary, Chris Wright goes first, let's play it. Look, president Trump is a businessman. Thank God he became elected president.


And what we're seeing right now is a master negotiator practicing his craft, The art of the deal. I'm gonna tank the economy, make you all suffer so you can suffer more in the future. Oh, and by the way, this past month saw the highest federal spending in the history of the United States. $603 billion in federal outlays more than any other month ever before, including any time during former President Biden's administration. So next up after Chris Wright, you've got Peter Navarro, one of Donald Trump's top advisors. He says, this has been the best 50 days ever.


Y'all love it. We love it. Yeah, we love it. You're play the clip. President Trump has had the best 50 days of any president in American history and there's no sign inside here or outside there that that's gonna slow down, right? Because we got a lot of good stuff. Oh, it's been so good. You've got to see your pensions get destroyed. You got to see your Medicaid be destroyed. Elon Musk has called Social Security the biggest Ponzi scheme. They're firing lots of people who work at the Social Security Administration. 70,000 people who work at the VA get fired. Veterans are getting fired. Government workers are getting fired.


N-I-H-F-A-A-C-D-C, you name it, they're getting fired. The government is getting gutted, the economy is tanking. But this has been the greatest 50 days ever. Tommy Tuberville, Magar, Republican senator from Alabama, he has a different take on it. I guess it's also the greatest, but also we're feeling a lot of pain, but also no pain, no gain. We need to feel this pain. Everybody play the clip And Trump's tariffs making America great again. I it's a great strategy. If somebody's finally doing something out of the White House, president Trump that is, that says you have to take an action in another country.


Yeah, no pain, no gain. That's what we used to tell our football players. There's gonna be some pain with tariffs. No pain, no gain, everybody. No pain, no gain. You gotta suffer for Donald Trump right now. Then you have MAGA publican, Senator Shehe here. He says, who cares about the stock market? The stock market isn't an indicator of anything. That's not how the Trump administration or the Trump regime keeps track of things. Here, play this clip. We lo we all love a good stock market, but the reality is that stock market IAL didn't necessarily benefit the smaller midsize companies and average shareholders across the country. It didn't necessarily benefit Main Street that much. So I think we are gonna see a correction there, you know?


But the reality is the stock market's not the economy. The economy's not the stock market. It's not uncommon for uncertainty to cause disruptions in that as they digest a new environmental, a new economic landscape that the president And to think Montana used to have Senator Tester who actually stood up for American people as now you have, she screwing over the people of Montana and the rest of the country. Speaking of which, you have the new MAGA Republican senator from Ohio, Senator Bernie Moreno, and here Moreno says, you know, look, yes, things are bad, but just think about it. It would've been much worse if Kamala won. So it's bad, but it's better than Kamala play this clip. What Do you wanna say about the Tariff fight?


Look, we have to remember, step back for just one second. We have to remember that if Kamala Harris had won on November 5th, the stock market would be down 50%. Business climate would be a total disaster. And this country would've been on a path to ruin what President Trump inherited was a disaster from Biden. We're gonna fix it. The other countries need our economy more than we need their economy. They've been ripping us off for decades and we want fair and reciprocal trade. And Canada and Mexico have have to stop allowing fentanyl to come into this country and kill over a hundred thousand Americans when they actually do what's necessary to stop that. We're gonna stop the, the tariff penalties will air Like screwing over the people in his state as well and screwing over the American people.


The lies after lies, former President Biden handed Donald Trump and economy. That was the envy of the world. That was the headline from the Wall Street Journal in 2024, the Envy of the World, unemployment at Record, lows, job growth at record highs, 40,000 to 50,000 infrastructure projects that were being done across the country. Record GDP Growth America was energy independent for the first time. Things were going very, very good. We were focused on things like lowering prescription drug prices, handed it over to Donald Trump.


All Trump had to do, he could have went golfing every day, just let the economy go on the track that Biden had it. The GDP in first quarter would've grown 3%, 4%. Trump could have said, look how smart I am. Look how smart I am. But no Donald Trump engaged in this reckless, chaotic what policy by social media post, I don't even know what to call it. Poses a tariff, withdraws the tariff and poses the tariff. Says he wants to annex this country, that country, the other country. And he has caused chaos and havoc here and in the rest of the world. By the way, other economies in the world are growing.


I saw this chart, Brett, that Carl Quintanilla posted. It was a great chart and it just basically showed that starting at the inauguration, basically the rest of the world economies started doing good and then the American economy tank, this is an unforced error of a recession, but it's actually more than that. It's an intentional malicious destruction of our economy. Brett MICUs, how are you? Jordy's still on family duty this evening. He'll be back next week. Great to have you here Brett. What a good dad. It's great to be here, Ben, and it's great to be here. Everybody. Yeah, you know, everything that they do is just predicated on lies. It's just one kind of giant Russian nesting doll of lies, no pun intended or maybe pun intended in, in this case.


But you, you know, you know all their arguments are are garbage. Because like if they had an honest good reasoning for the things that they were doing, they would just be truthful with the American people. But they get on tv, they have to act like North Korean propagandists saying this is the best 50 days we've ever had. Oh, all hell glorious leader. They have to make up that for they, they keep going back to, we have the worst trade agreements ever with Mexico and Canada. This, whoever did these trade agreements with Mexico and Canada really screwed Americans over badly. And you just wanna jump outta your chair and go, Donald, this is Donald Trump's deal. I feel like I'm taking crazy pills here. This is quite literally the U-S-M-C-A, which Donald Trump negotiated himself.


Everybody is abiding by this deal. Nothing has changed regarding this deal and the excuses surrounding the fentanyl are quite frankly, completely made up. They're made up excuses and you know, they're made up especially so because of cus are on Canada too. And Canada what Ben, there's like 40 pounds of fentanyl that comes to the Canadian border. I think more fentanyl comes from the United States and goes to Canada than the opposite way around. And also they try to cite the trade deficit with Canada. When I believe If you remove energy, it's actually a trade surplus we have with Canada, especially in in MA manufacturing. So everything that they are saying are just lies. They are gaslighting the American people. It doesn't really seem like Donald Trump has any sort of long-term plan.


They keep having to reverse their major policies that they are putting forward. They do the big showing to get the headline. They do a big showing to try to scare another country. The other countries don't back down. Trump looks at the market, sees it falling, panics makes a decision that actually makes everything worse. And then it's just an endless repeat of this cycle that we are seeing every single day. I feel like I'm waking up in, in the movie Groundhog Day reliving just Donald Trump's madness as he doubles down, triples down, quadruples down on these failed policies. And the American people right now are picking up on it. You're seeing across the board Donald Trump's approval rating just absolutely sinking in on key issues like Trump's approval on the economy and the new Ipsos poll, 51% disapprove, 39% approve with regarding the US making Canada the 51st state.


80% disagree, 17% agree. Gotta imagine that 17% is the most rabid of the maga. It's a good idea to, for the US to charge higher tariffs on imported goods if even if prices increase 53% disagree. I could go through poll after poll after poll. Most Americans disapprove of Donald Trump and have are now disapproving at Donald Trump at the fastest rate and at the biggest rate in American history for a president at this stage of his presidency. So, so long honeymoon that has long passed. Now it's just the no pain, no gain theory of running the government as Tommy Tuberville said.


But all the American people right now are feeling is the pain. One of the things I think is important is that you all remember that politics is also very local too. So one of the things that you can all do is go speak to your local school boards, go in front of your local legislators, go in front of your local community boards as well and also reach out to your members of Congress and reach out to your senators. But also don't forget local. One of the things that I think is also very important that you do is let other people know that you are pissed off about this. I think because sometimes people feel so gaslit, they almost don't know like, is this supposed to be normal?


And you just have to say this is not normal at all. This is dangerous. This is fascism. What this Trump regime is doing is idiotic and that's what's causing the pain. Everybody here in this community, If you did that, If you spoke to people about it and the word spreads that no this is not normal. Just that alone makes a huge difference. I'm also excited to learn that a lot of Democrats are now going to be going into red districts and purpleish districts as these magar Republican Congress members and senators are count canceling all of their town halls. And the Democrats are going to be speaking in front of these reddish and purpleish audiences of people who may not otherwise have voted for them.


And to hear them out and to listen to the pain that people are feeling as they're no longer to even are even able to buy basic necessities for themselves. We have to listen, not just speak, we have to hear people and let people know they are being heard and then we have to fight for them. We have to listen though. It starts with listening and understanding what Americans are going through. I wanted to share this with you. I did an interview recently with Brendan Boyle, democratic congress member from the Philly area and I think he summed it up nicely. He goes, Donald Trump's been a life long scammer.


A life lifelong grifter. A lifelong con artist. But he may have pulled off the biggest scam yet. I want you to watch this. Yeah, let's just be clear. What happened in the 2024 presidential election is perhaps the greatest con of Donald Trump's long career as a conman. And this was the con. He was able to convince a lot of working class people that he and his party were on their side. And then in office, what was his number one agenda item? His bill to extend the Trump tax cuts, most of which go to the top 1% of Americans.


The majority of the money literally goes to billionaires and it is funded, it Is paid for by the largest cuts to Medicaid in American history. $880 billion worth of cuts to Medicaid. Now Trump gets on TV and he lies about it. He lies as easily as he breathes. He said, oh, I promise to, in his words, love and cherish Medicaid. Well, anytime Donald Trump promises to love and cherish anything or anyone, you know that that commitment is about to be broken. And that is the reality of what they're pushing. We had that vote a couple weeks ago in the house. I, I hope that it gets more attention than I think it's currently getting with all of the madness that's going on.


It shouldn't distract people from one of the most significant votes of my time in Congress. And that is the largest cuts to Medicaid in American history to pay for tax cuts for billionaires. That in the end of the day is what Donald Trump and the Republican party is actually about. Philly stand up and to arrest to the rest of the American cities out there. You know that that's what's going on. That's what's happening right now. Let's talk about what went down in the Oval Office earlier today with NATO's Secretary General Mark Rutt, Donald Trump. You saw the clip earlier where he talked about annexing Canada. He then asked the NATO Secretary General for help in annexing Greenland.


I want you to listen to the question 'cause the question uses the word annexation. Like what are your plans about annexing Greenland, literally stealing it. Hostile takeover of territory that does not belong to the United States. And watch how Trump answers it in front of nato Secretary General. Let's play it. But we've been dealing with Denmark, we've been dealing with Greenland and we have to do it. We, we really need it for national security. I think that's why NATO might be, have to get involved in a way because we really need Greenland for national security. It's very important. And then Donald Trump talks about, again, while the NATO secretary general's there, he talks about how he's told Republicans to bring up the issue of bullying transgender people during elections.


But once the election's over, you don't have to worry about talking about it because it's really only to get people mad during the elections. This is what he is talking about with the NATO secretary General sitting by his side. Let's play it. And I saw this morning where one of them is pretty well known when he is arguing, fighting like crazy over men being able to play in women's sports. I said, yeah, I thought that was right. I thought that was about a 95. I think it's a 95% issue. But in a way I want 'em to keep doing it because I don't think they can win a race. I mean, and I tell the Republicans, I said, don't bring that subject up because there's no election right now, but about a week before the election, bring it up because you can't lose.


Talk about saying the quiet part out loud. And finally, let me share this clip, Brett, where Donald Trump in front of nato Secretary General has this like delusional lie about how he invaded Trump says that he invaded Los Angeles, he broke into it. He says to take the water and then personally put out the fires in Los Angeles from about two months ago. Let's play the clip and then I'll just remind people what he's delusively mentioning here. Play this clip. I broke into Los Angeles. Can you believe it? I had a break in, I, I invaded Los Angeles and we opened up the water and the water is now flowing down.


They have so much water, they don't know what to do. They were sending it out to the Pacific for environmental reasons. Okay? Can you believe it? And in the meantime, they lost 25,000 houses they lost and nobody's ever seen anything like it. But So even if what he was saying is true, which it was not, he's sitting there with nato Secretary General talking about invading and breaking in a, a crime right? Worse than Watergate, If you will, into water and taking it and then doing something with it. What Trump's referring to though is that he had the Army Corps of Engineers go into reservoirs in Northern California after the fires were already put out in Southern California in Los Angeles.


There was really no other fires at that point. And then Donald Trump had the Federal Army Corps of Engineers dump reservoirs, 2 billion gallons onto farmland in kind of the northern central California area, nowhere near Los Angeles. So that he can say he turned on a faucet. He then destroyed the land of farmers 'cause he dumped out the reservoir into other land people who were in the reddish areas too of California, like Trump voters. And then he got rid of the water in full reservoirs that were needed actually for the summer when you need that water.


And it had nothing to do with the fires in Southern California as well. I just, I want to explain to you, 'cause Brett, that's how psychotic what we just observed was everything. It's so stupid. Everything he does is just, it's just so dumb and counterproductive. It's like the definition of bad govern governing. And ironically, it's the complete opposite of efficiency for this administration that is pushing this whole idea of government efficiency. We are just seeing a move after move, meet the backlash that it should be getting. We are seeing move after move, just kind of backfiring on him, making the problems worse, crashing the markets, ruining the economy. And I was thinking back when I was watching that disastrous Oval Office meeting today, Donald Trump's comments about NATO from just the other day.


I remember when Trump was asked, do you think NATO would defend the, the United States or, or he was asked some something to that effect. Trump basically said, no, he, he said, I'm not so sure about that actually. Now looking back at that, I think what Trump was getting at was if I invade Greenland or if I invade Canada, would the rest of NATO come to my defense? Which is not how that's wor it works. It's a defensive alliance, not a go invade your neighbors and invade other members of NATO alliance. And so, you know, I think that's when Donald Trump demands loyalty from people like nato. I think he is demanding that they follow him into these horrific plans and and he is trying to bully them.


He is trying to bully our allies every single day. It's tariffs on tariffs. Safa, we're now we're gonna do this 200% tariff. This is what he woke up and, and did this morning. 200% tariff on all alcohol, all liquor and wine and champagne coming from the eu. That was his, his big plan, which then sent the markets into another nose dive. It's just one erratic move after one erratic move. Well now Donald Trump is expected to invoke the wartime alien enemies act to carry out mass deportations. The act was last used during World War II to detain Japanese Americans and to put Japanese Americans into concentration camps.


This wartime law of 1789 would allow Donald Trump to detain or deport natives people here and citizens if he believes they are enemies to the nation. And this follows the Guantanamo Bay Plan by Donald Trump falling apart. Remember they said they were gonna put 30,000 people in Guantanamo Bay. They ended up putting about 178 people there who were actually not from any violent gangs at all. They put nonviolent people there and then they couldn't even keep like the basics of the infrastructure there going and then tried to hide it and bring everybody back to the United States after putting those really expensive military planes on display for the kind of propaganda movie style photo ops.


Just think about this as an example of the waste of Doge and the waste of what the government is doing. They spent all this money and time sending migrants from the United States to Guantanamo Bay a military prison, which should not exist in the first place, but sending them to a military prison where the most suspected, most violent terrorists, basically people on the terrorist watch. These are the people who are down there to Guantanamo Bay sending migrants alongside them. And even at the peak of Guantanamo Bay in, I believe around 2003, Guantanamo came after the nine 11 attacks. Even at its peak, it held about 650 detainees.


Currently as of right now, basically there's around 15 detainees, 15 terror suspects being held at Guantanamo Bay. And Donald Trump advertised. Donald Trump announced that he wanted to have 30,000 people in this area that at its peak was only able to handle 650 and was currently handling 15. They spent all this money, remember there were all those reports about the military planes, which cost way more also than the planes that they were originally flying. Ultimately all they ended up doing was making these propaganda videos, getting their headlines. And it was just a complete, what a stain on American history for us to even do this in the first place. Oh yeah, they also made that completely sick and twisted A SMR video.


You remember that A SMR video where they had the migrants and chains and they posted a video as if they were like animals. Like it is just some of the most horrific stuff that's all about making like a cops style TV show for the American public to act like we're doing something when they're not even doing anything. Remember they put like Dr. Phil, like on the street and Dr. Phil was, this is real. Yeah, Dr. Phil was like questioning the migrants. You know, why are you here? I mean, I'm like, what in the world am I watching? But by the way, that's why last month there was more money spent by the federal government than any month before in American history. We've got a lot to discuss when we're back, including a major order by a federal judge regarding the unlawful termination of those probationary employees.


A federal judge says those probationary workers need to be rehired immediately. And so we'll talk about that. We'll talk about what's going on in Canada. Now we've got a lot more to discuss about Trump crashing our markets here. That and more. Let's take our first quick break of the show.


How good is that feeling of fresh, clean teeth? Now I only used to get that true feeling twice a year after I went to the dentist. But that all changed. Now that I use the new Quip 360 rechargeable electric toothbrush, the new Quip 360 oscillating toothbrush literally revolves around you. Finally, an electric toothbrush that doesn't overcomplicate the most basic daily ritual. Quip 360 is a bold, simple design that comes in multiple colors and is ultra quiet for a super clean without being super annoying, accepted by the American Dental Association, Quip 360 is scientifically proven to remove up to 11 times more plaque between teeth compared to a manual toothbrush and provide up to two times more whitening on day one. If you don't absolutely love your Quip 360, return it for free within 30 days. If you do love it, brush easy knowing you Get a free lifetime warranty for purchasing on Get Quip dot com. Get Quip QUI p.com and the opportunity to subscribe to refill heads by mail every three months so you never have to go to the store. And now with Quip Perks, Quip is literally putting their money where their mouth is. When you subscribe to autoship, you'll be enrolled in Quip Perks to earn credit back over time, free your mouth with Quip and discover the 25,005 star reviews and mouths already loving Quip. Just for listeners of the Midas Touch podcast, get 20% off site wide and a free travel case and countertop. Stand at get Quip QU ip.com/midas. Free your mouth today and save 20% sitewide plus a free travel case and countertop. Stand at get Quip QUI p.com/midas. Get Quip QU ip.com/midas.


Alright, let's talk about aging better. Have you heard about Slys? It's a class of ingredients discovered less than 10 years ago, and scientists are calling it one of the biggest breakthroughs for healthy aging and staying in your prime. I've been using qua lytic and I feel the difference. You only take it two days a month and it helps your body eliminate senescent cells, also known as zombie cells, old and worn out, and not serving a useful function for our health anymore, but they're taking up space and nutrients from our healthy cells. For me, that's meant higher energy levels, faster recovery and feeling it years younger and it's made with science-backed ingredients, totally non GMO vegan and gluten-free. So you know, you're putting quality into your body, plus there's a 100 day money back guarantee, so there is zero risk in trying it. So if you wanna resist aging at the cellular level, go to quality of life.com/midas for up to 50% off and use code Midas at checkout for an additional 15% off. That's Q-U-A-L-I-A life.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for an extra 15% off your purchase. Thanks to quality for sponsoring today's episode.


Welcome back. Thank you to those pro-democracy sponsors. We don't have outside investors, so we are grateful for our pro-democracy sponsors. And while I'm at, let me remind everybody as well that a few times a month we hold Zoom meetings with our supporters at patreon.com/midas touch P-A-T-R-E-O n.com/midas touch. Again, we don't have outside investor, so one of the ways we've built this has been through our Patreon and we have so much fun when we hold those meetings with all of our supporters, we ha we provide a link only accessible to our patrons. And so we do hope you join patreon.com/midas touch.


And I gotta give a hat tip to our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski, who writes the best daily summaries that make sense of the nonsensical what's going on in the Trump regime. He posted every day on midas plus.com. Go to midas plus.com, you can subscribe there for free, although we'd love for you to become a paid subscriber to help this network grow. But go check it out. If you like it, you can then become a paid subscriber, but that's midas plus.com. Let's talk about what else is been going on. So you have Howard Lutnick who has really, to me, become one of the breakout clowns of the Trump administration.


I mean, this guy makes a snake oil salesman look dignified. There's nothing that this guy won't say or do, you know? And, and you know, I'm not trying to mock the sham wow guy back in the day or some of those infomercials because you know, they, they did their hustle back in the nineties or whenever that was. But Howard Lutnick is basically doing the same stuff, but we're gonna do Trump cards and everybody's gonna be so rich. It's not a wow, it's not a shammy, it's a sham. Wow. It's a Trump card, you know? And, and that's what I'm watching. I'm like, what in the hell is this? And it's why I think it's refreshing that we all go, this is not normal.


This is not normal. And then you go to your neighbor, this is not normal. And then they tell their neighbor, this is not normal. Let me just show you the evidence as I would back in the day when I was a litigator presenting cases to the jury. Let me show you first exhibit a Howard Lutnick, Trump's Commerce secretary saying, why are we even doing business with Canada in the first place? We don't need them here. Play this clip. Why are we doing all this business in Canada? If they're not respectful, if they're not thankful and they don't want to do it. Like What does he want them to do? Why? Because they're our ally. Because that's the way trade works, because they fought in wars with us before.


Those are reasons Brett, yeah. And this whole notion that like, you know, Ukraine needs to apologize, Canada needs to apologize. They should be more respectful. It's so dystopian and Orwellian and just like the opposite of reality. It's like here we are as the United States of America under Trump, like punching Canada in the face, just sucker punching him for no reason. And then we're like you say, thank you, say thank you, say thank you. When you see also just the phrasing that Trump uses online, you see this continued. And by the way, I wanna be clear, this is, this is the language of an abuser, textbook abuser language that Donald Trump is using. And so, you know, let me go through those tweets, the, or those truth social posts from Trump that we brought up quickly at the top because it speaks to this exact issue.


Then we'll get back into some of the other things that Trump's advisors are saying. But you go to this one right here where it says, Trump says, the US doesn't have free trade, we have stupid trade. The entire world is ripping you off, bro. You made the trade agreement like this is your trade agreement, the stupid trade. If you think it's stupid, then you think you are stupid. Okay, how about that? Let's go to this. I think this is incredibly revealing when Donald Trump says the European Union, one of the most hostile and abusive tariff and taxing authorities in the world. Okay, let, let me just stop right there. So when Donald Trump does his tariffs, they're big, beautiful tariffs. It's tariffs are the best tool in the world. Everybody loves tariffs. Tariffs are so smart. But when the EU or Canada or Mexico or whoever reciprocates with tariffs of their own, all of a sudden it is hostile and abusive.


Like the hypocrisy here is just out of control and people are suffering for it. As we see with the markets crashing, going to their lowest levels, the s and p 500, by the way, is now officially in correction territory. That's when it comes 10% off of its record. And not only is it in correction territory, it's the seventh fastest correction of a market in the s and p 500 since 1929. Do you know what year? 1929 was the year of the Great Depression. That's the volatility that is the cra that represents the crashes that we are seeing right now in the stock market. As Donald Trump's advisors go on TV like these North Korean propagandists and say, everything's so great.


Everyone's gonna get gold cards. You're all gonna be rich. This is the golden age. You're just gonna have to suck up some pain. That's what's happening. That, that, that, that's why though, I think we should just call it the crash mode, not correction mode because that's their kind of right wing language that they go, oh, it's just a correction. No, it's a crash. Sorry Brooke. No, no, you're right. It's, it's a, it's a total crash. These, these, these graphs are absolutely devastating. And I don't have these ones necessarily here, but when you look at, for example, the graph comparing the beginning of the Trump administration, these, you know, 50 or so days compared to President Biden's first year tracking that you see Biden goes up, up, up, up, up and you see Trump's goes up very slightly from the Biden economy still and then just crashes hard.


I think every single day folks are looking at their 4 0 1 Ks, they're looking at all this stuff and, and, and you know, one, I always say stuff like this, but it's like if they were honest that they really wanted to cut spending and they were like, we gotta tighten our belts and we were doing it because the country was really in bad shape, I would understand it. But as Bernie Sanders often points out at these rallies, we are the richest country on earth. We were the fastest growing country of all modern countries, period, under President Biden. And Donald Trump has just decided to take that growth and ruin it for no reason. And when you look under the hood at what they are doing, you see all the chaos that's being caused by Doge, right? You're seeing all these hardworking federal employees lose their jobs, be denigrated by the Trump administration, be told that they're worthless, be told that they are leeches on the system despite their hard work.


When you see them messing with the social security systems and these Doge kids going through social security yesterday, they had to reverse a policy where they were taking away the ability for social security recipients to reach the social security office by the phone. And then they got a lot of backlash, had to redo that, all this chaos being pushed into the system. You would say, well if they're doing all that, I would at least hope there are some savings going on here. Right? May, maybe they're trying to really get rid of the big stuff, but the fact is they're not, these are all things that are very actually tiny in the budget when they are going through these things. But they're enough to cause chaos in the markets. They are enough to cause families to be devastated, people to lose their livelihoods. And at the same time they are trying to push through that bill, which would give four and a half trillion dollars in tax cuts to the richest Americans, which would more than undo any amount of poultry savings that they are trying to advertise.


Even in the fake doge numbers that are listed on their website. Trump is a sexual abuser, right? He was found liable for sexual assault in a civil case. He said on audio, we all heard it, that he grabs women by their genitals without their consent. And he said they let you get away with it when you are rich. Trump was close friends with Epstein, by the way, where's the release of those Epstein files that they promised? Remember they handed the influencers at the White House, the mag influencers, the binder that said those were the Epstein files. They were Epstein's phone lists that was released many, many years ago in connection with other cases of Epstein, by the way.


Which has Donald Trump's phone numbers and lots of phone numbers on. But If you look at those messages, just pull 'em up visually, Brett, because if you've ever had an abuser in your life, these are messages that abusers send the caps, the attacks on you, the gaslighting. He, he, he's an abuser and he surrounds himself with other abusers. And so they then go to the people that they are then abusing. You need to apologize. You need to what? Why aren't you saying you're sorry? You know what you did to me? Do you know what you did to me? You hurt my feelings.


Hey Europe, you're doing, you're, you're, you're, you're standing up to me. How dare you? Why would you do that? You do that to me. I'm gonna have to inflict pain on you 'cause you're doing it to me. Trump is the one who started trade wars with Canada and Europe. They have to defend themselves. So they issued a combined $60 billion in retaliatory tariffs, which is dollar for dollar match the United States tariffs. And then Trump's like, now, now you're abusing me. Why are you doing it to me? All caps frantic in the morning. 'cause he's an abuser and, and he should be. One of the things, one of the red flags that we tried to flag before the election was that his pathology was unfit to be anywhere near the proximity of power.


Not even in the position. He's got defective pathology and you see it in how he's bankrupted most of the things he's touched in the past. I mean, I show it in my other videos. You go through his SEC filings and you see bankruptcy, 91, 92, 19 94, 2003, 2004, 2009, Trump, Taj Mahal, Trump Resorts, Trump casinos Trump this. Then you go through all the entities that went outta business, the Trump universities, the Trump vodka, the Trump this, the Trump mortgage, the Trump planes, you know, he can't run it. Then you look at his existing business, Trump media losing $400 million and only earning $4 million in revenue.


That's less than like your local boba shop earns in a year and it doesn't lose $400 million. And he's, and he's the president and he can't make the thing make money. I mean it's, it's outrageous by the way. It's why Canada's pick for prime minister, Mark Carney is like the perfect person for the job, right? You've got the banker in Mark Carney versus the bankrupt and bankruptcy in Donald Trump. You have the banker in Mark Carney, the prime minister of Canada, verse the bankrupt and the bankruptcy in Donald Trump. You've got Carney who was the governor of the Bank of Canada and led them out of recession and then was the governor of the Bank of England during Brexit and really helped with a lot of the issues that were going on there.


And you've got Trump, who probably can't even read a balance sheet. And the Trump kids who when they were under oath, they didn't know what the hell was going on with their businesses when we saw what was happening in the New York Attorney general case. And then they're scammers. That's the thing too. So when they talk about this, Brett, you mentioned the budget where they're, where they're gonna give 4.5 if they pass it, who knows what they're gonna do? Yeah. 4.5 trillion in tax cuts though to the billionaires. Well, destroying Medicaid, 880 billion cuts to Medicaid destroying the farmers, three 50, $400 billion cuts to farmers and education, I mean, destroying people infrastructure, getting rid of the PAC Act, getting rid of the chips, sorry, getting rid of the chips act I meant, but also attacking veterans in other way, which essentially is getting rid of the PAC Act but going after veterans and all of those things.


So it's expected that at the least it will add $19 trillion to the deficit. Trump regime won. The first administration added about $8 trillion to the deficit. That was the cause of the inflation because he was printing money recklessly and running up the debt. That's what happened. That's, that's how inflation gets caused. The same way fires get caused If you light the match, Trump lit the match in the first administration. He's lighting that times three. And now one of the ways they're trying to pretend they're gonna balance the budget is they have Mr. Sham. Wow guy. No offense, I don't wanna mean the sham. I don't know the sham. The, for all I know the sham. Wow. Guy's a nice guy. So I'm not trying to pick at him. And for all I know you liked your shammy.


Was it a shammy or is it a wow, it's a sham. Wow. And then you go back to Howard Lutnick who goes, I think, I think there are stories which negate that he may be a nice guy. Is is, is Shamma a bad guy? I think so, yeah. I think Jam's a horrible guy. I don't know about the sham. I don't know the sha guy. I think he's done, I think he's done some bad shit. Shamma is a bad guy. Yeah. Yeah. I then I dislike the sham. I haven't done, we, we don't need to get into it on this episode, but I won't get into the sham. Okay. I won't get into the guy. I, I I probably hate him then. I don't know much about him. My point is that Howard Lunik con artist, that's what I'm going with. I won't, I won't do that records anymore. Let me show you, let's play the clip. You produce drill, baby drill, right? And then you have the Trump card probably raising between 500 billion and a trillion dollars a year.


You've got a balanced budget. You've got fun. Many fundamental Change of America, the Trump Gold card so far, Howard, how many, how many people? Well, we are going to have a, we're going to announce over the next two weeks a pilot program. Yep. Which is going to help Congress be able to score that in and help this reconciliation bill. But we expect tens of thousands, I mean, just the inquiries. I've had tens of thousands of applications at $5 million each. We are working our tails off to balance the budget for the American people and for Donald Trump. That's why the elected Donald Trump and he is working really hard at You say the gold is Trump gold cards. They're selling, just to be clear what they're doing, they're selling citizenship to Russian oligarchs and Chinese oligarchs and oligarchs, $5 million a pop.


Which by the way is, is under other United States code sections would otherwise be illegal. You can't sell citizenship. But they're selling the citizenship now with Trump cards. And when Trump was asked Russian oligarchs and, and, and what Saudi oligarchs and whatever, yes. That's what we, that's what we are doing. And they say, and it goes Brett, back to If you followed the, the Trump fraud trials and all of those things, they just make up numbers. 10,000, 30,000, 50,000, a hundred thousand. A million thousand. Good deal. They wanna just say we're gonna make a hundred bazillion dollars. Like everything's, why, why they've got great plans with, because these Trump tariffs have been a Okay.


Yeah. The yeah, yeah. The whole thing's a scammer. Anytime I hear Lunik speak, I my skin crawls. Like there are certain people, like every, every time you watch this guy, I don't understand how even like a Trump supporter doesn't watch that guy and go like, oh, you're scamming me right now. Like, like you are, we're trying to rip me off. It's just the cra it's the craziest propaganda. It is so, so incredibly obvious. But I think you see like even throughout these communities, because you, you know, people, people start understanding this stuff when it hits home for them. And so you may be a, a Wall Street guy who, who back Trump. Once you see what's happening to the markets, I think you quickly start to rethink if he's really a business genius, which I don't know how you got dup by in the beginning, right?


You could support Trump and, and be from an immigrant community in, in Florida once your family's being deported. You know, I think you have a a a bit of a different opinion as to what's going on. And we are seeing various communities all across the United States right now having to deal with Donald Trump and, and what he's doing. It, it's, it's hitting people on a very personal level. We saw a story the other day about a federal employee who was a Trump supporter and she was laid off and she didn't think that she would ever be somebody who would be affected by Donald Trump trying to make the government smaller. But it's every day more stories like that, you know. But that's why we need to keep spreading the message. I will say the tides are certainly turning, we're seeing it in the town halls.


We're seeing the people rise up and that's exactly what we need people to be rising up, standing up to exactly what is going on because it's clear, you know, you're not gonna be able to rely on politicians all the time as we see and in various forms. So we gotta take it and ask what could we be doing for our country at this time? And so, you know, thanks for, thanks for being here and doing your part to spread the word. It's why we cover all of Senator Bernie Sanders rallies, right? Because we know corporate media is not gonna cover. They rather cover Donald Trump playing the J sixth insurrection anthem and normalizing that in Waco, Texas on the 30th anniversary of the Waco Siege versus watch Senator Sanders speak in front of a bigger audience about helping workers, right?


But now that we have a platform that gets more views than Fox and more audio downloads than Rogan, I'm gonna use that platform to showcase what had never really been showcased before. Speeches where Senator Bernie Sanders and others who wanna follow in that way, which I think is the right way right now. Going to areas, reddish purple-ish areas or just working class areas in general and speaking to people about what they're going through and listening to people and letting people know and looking at people in the eye and letting them know you care about them. Because here at the Midas Touch Network, we care about our audience. The way this has grown, it's not 'cause of Brett Jordy and me, although we enjoy doing the show together.


It's grown because of you. The Midas mighty. It's grown because we've listened and we've never forgotten that the strength of the Midas Touch Network is the Midas mighty. It is this community and we know what we're fighting for each and every day. So I think that's important. We got a lot more show though. Do not go anywhere. We'll be right back after our last quick break of the show.


It's 2025. Why aren't my blinds smart and automatic like the rest of my home? Are your blinds still from 2025? Look, there's a better way to buy Blind shade shutters and drapery. It's called Three Day Blinds. They are the leading manufacturer of high quality custom window treatment in the United States. And right now, If you go to three Day Blinds dot com slash Midas, they're running a buy one get one 50% off deal. Look, we can shop for almost anything at home. So why not shop for Blinds at home too? Three Day Blinds has local, professionally trained design consultants who have an average of 10 years plus experience. They provide expert guidance on the right blinds for you and the comfort of your home. Just set up an appointment and you'll get a free no obligation quote the same day. It's what I did. And then I put their blinds all over my home except for right there. 'cause my neighbor's a Midas Touch fan and she likes to see her green friends when I do these hot takes. Look, if you're not very handy like I am, just go trust them. They come into your house, they figure it out for you and you're not going to regret it. I am so happy I have three Day Blinds. Look, it's 2024. I have so many smart gadgets and gizmos in my house. Why not do that for your blinds as well? That's what I did. I'm very happy. So right now, get quality window treatments that fit your budget with three Day Blinds. Head to three Day Blinds dot com slash Midas For their buy one. Get 50% off deal on custom blind shade shutters and drapery for a free no charge, no obligation consultation. Just head to three Day Blinds dot com slash midas. One last time. That's buy one. Get 50% off when you head to the number three da y blinds.com/midas. And spell Midas wright. M-E-I-D-A-S. Thank you.


Price picks is the best way to get action on sports in more than 30 states, including California, Texas, and Georgia. The app is really easy to use to create a lineup. All you have to do is pick more or less on a few player stats for your shot to win up to 1000 times your money. Price Picks is the best place to win cash while watching sports. Join over 10 million users and sign up today. Now on price picks. You can mix and match player projections from different sports. Combine your favorite basketball players with players from baseball, hockey, eSports, and much more. Price Picks also offers Venmo, apple Pay, MasterCard, and more for quick and easy deposits into your account. This sports season, the second half of the basketball season is here and the race to the playoffs is heating up on prize picks the best place to cash in on your favorite sports. Don't miss your chance to cash in as the league's best fight for playoff positioning. Think LeBron James will get more than 24 points this week. Giannis for more than 35 points. Cook up hot takes with your friends and win real money this basketball season when you and your crew run your game on prize picks. This week on prize picks. I'm looking at the board and I'm selecting Jason Tatum from more than eight rebounds. Download the app today and use Code Midas to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Again, download the app today and use Code Midas to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Price picks, run your game.


Thank you to our pro-democracy sponsors, thanks to prize picks and also three Day Blinds. Right there. You see the three Day Blinds right there? It's been absolutely great and it looks really good with the, with the lighting. I think it's really helped kind of up the game as well. And it has like a little remote control thing that makes it work, right? Fancy, fancy, fancy, fancy stuff. All right, let's talk about what's going on in these town halls. You had a magar Republican Congress member by the name of Chuck Edwards from North Carolina's 11th Congressional District. He decided to hold a town hall in his district. Let's show you what just went down. Let's play it.


The time is now to fix how Washington works. To that end, I was proud to vote recently for the house budget resolution, which provides the framework. And you wonder why folks don't wanna do these town halls. That framework provides for Congress to secure the border.


Are you afraid of Trump to promote American energy? Wonder why people don't want to do those town halls. Nah. 'cause you're scared. That's why they don't want to do it. Look, your constituents in the face when you vote against their Medicaid, when you say that their social security is a Ponzi scheme. When you promote anti-vax policies by RFK Jr, who again spread lies about the spread of measles, while measles is now spreading and he acts like, eh, whatever. Measles parties, I mean, and horrific things like that, spreading lies and disinformation that hurt and kill.


When you are so cruelly attacking veterans, attacking veteran affairs, attacking the spouses of military members while you're firing hardworking government workers and saying that you're firing them for performance related reasons as you are destroying people's pensions and their 4 0 1 Ks as Doge run by Elon Musk, who's too chicken shit to go under oath in front of Congress to testify about what he's doing right? Why doesn't he testify? Oh, he's scared. And why don't you Congress member Edwards say that he should testify.


Isn't the role of Congress oversight? Isn't that what you're supposed to do? No. Look the people in the eyes and tell them that you are the person who's screwing their lives. Tell 'em. Tell 'em I understand why they're angry. And to the Democrats out there, listen to the people listen to what they are saying. If you do what Senator Bernie Sanders does, we'll cover your town halls. But Democrats too, I'm just because you're a Democrat, don't mean that. I'm just gonna show your stuff, don't you, don't, you don't, you don't.


Get a Democrat pass on the Midas Touch Network. Listen to the people. People are pissed at what is happening right now. Doge going through their private information, their private data, their medical records, their social security information. You can't support that. No one should be okay with funding that at all. Right? Yeah. No, it's, it's, it's a total, it's a total disgrace. And as you said, we're in a moment where we need fighters. And that's why I think it's, you know, it gets really disheartening for people when we see things like Senator Chuck Schumer out there, the Democratic minority leader in the US Senate come out and say that now he's going to vote for the CR because the CR wouldn't be as bad as a government shutdown.


The United States Congress right now has very few, few tool, few tools that they're able to use of the Democrats in Congress against the Republican Party. This right here was one of them. And I think one of the most kind of painful things about this also was the sort of head fake yesterday when he came out and he said that he was going to oppose this bill and that the Democratic party was united in opposition. Like, don't, don't lie to the people, right? If, if, if you're going to fight, fight, but it's almost worse to do what he did here, which is lead people on say that they were going to basically play this game of chicken with the Republican party, ideally force them to take out the bad things in this continuing resolution, remain united on a plan to keep the government open for 30 days as Democrats.


He ba basically made that whole thing up and just decided to cave today and opened up the caucus to do the same if they so choose. So we'll see how the vote goes. The vote is scheduled for, for Friday. But now that Schumer is saying that, I think it changes the calculation from what we saw yesterday. But, you know, we need people right now who are built for this moment. We need people who are, who are fighters right now, and we need people who are messengers. You know, you need people who are gonna get out there and are going to be able to really appropriately say the stakes of what is going on here. And be clear here, because even in the latest polls, there was a poll from Quinnipiac that was released earlier, I believe it was them that said, when you added up the amount of people who blamed Donald Trump for a potential government shutdown and blame the Republican party for a government shutdown, it was around 52 or 53% of the total people blamed one of them for the shutdown.


And when the number who blamed the Democrats was 32%. So that's just an initial data point right there. Now imagine If you actually explain to your constituents that you are standing up to not allow Doge to continue to make cuts to the American people's programs, and you are going to stand up and not accept this budget that is being forced down by the Republican party without the inputs of the Democrats giving Musk, giving Trump free reign to do what they want. Just stand up, just fight and show people that you're gonna fight. That's what people want right now. And I think that's the source of so much frustration at the same time. That's why I like seeing the people rising up at these town halls and doing these things, because ultimately people need to take it into their own hands and make their voices heard and show their frustration, no matter who their frustration is aimed against.


Whether it's aimed at, honestly, anybody at this point, you should be making your voices heard. And by the way, you don't even have to govern by the pulse govern by the people. Yeah, right? Li listen to what the people are saying. Listen to the pain that they're feeling, and don't be afraid and just go out there and fight for the people that, that, that's why you should be doing this. Don't fight for your job. Fight for the people. Take a listen to this. Might as touch broke this story. We got the audio first from Tom Barrett's phone town hall, this MAGA Republicans from Michigan seventh Congressional District.


It's a plus one and a half Trump district. So he was too scared to look people in the eye. So he said, on this telephone town hall, If you support Doge, press this. If you don't suppo support Doge, press that here. Watch what went down. We'll go ahead and move on to our second poll question. And that question is, do you approve of the Department of Government efficiency's mission to streamline the federal government and reduce spending? Again, this question is regarding Doge. Do you approve of the Department of Government efficiency's mission to streamline the federal government and reduce spending? Press one for yes, and press two for no.


Again, that's one for yes and two for no. Our results are coming in and it's an at 70% for no and 30% for yes, that's 70% for no and 30% for yes, for the approval of Dojo's mission to streamline the federal government and reduce spending. By the way, even the framework to the question, that's what I was gonna say was misleading and people still saw through it. I wanna play this for you too. When I say listen to the people, this one really pulled that my heart and, and almost brought tears to my eyes when I heard this caller who called in into cspan.


She's from Ohio, and you can hear in her voice the pain that she feels how scared she is. And there are, I know mil, tens of millions of people who feel the way she does. This is why I say, listen to what the voters listen to what the people, not voters, people, human beings, listen to what the human beings who live in this country are saying when they're being treated like trash, worse than trash by the Trump regime here, play it For social security and Medicare as key targets. He said, there will be steep reductions.


Elon Musk said, social security was a Ponzi scheme. I'm so scared for, I mean, once these things are gone, you are not gonna be able to help because he's also ruining the stock market. So people who had I median income won't be able to help the people who have no food to eat. So please pay attention. That's how people feel right now. And If you can't meet that moment as a politician right now, if what I just played for you doesn't make you want to fight for that person, you, you need another job.


You shouldn't be doing your work. You shouldn't be, you shouldn't be representing people. You're, you're, you're, you're, you're unfit. You're unfit the same way, frankly. Trump is unfit by far based on what I showed you before. If, if, If you don't listen to that and say, that's who I'm on the side of you, you're un you're unfit in my view, to, to, to be a politician, regardless of what political party you're from, regardless of what political and, and, and here, this is Caroline Levitt, while all of this is going on is 27-year-old know nothing who thinks she knows it all the arrogance, the, the, the, she's like pink dress lady in America that like Kim Jong-Un has there.


You're just watch, watch what she says about the tariffs and just watch how she says it. It's just what, what do the, what do the kids say? It gives you the, what do they call it? The, the, the E, the the ick, the i, the eek. What do the kids say? What do the kids say? They give you the eek and play, play, play the clip Most importantly. And so the president will continue to effectively utilize tariffs while again, driving down the cost of living in this country. Both things can happen at the same time. Just look at President Trump's first term as an example. When he left office, inflation was a low 1.4%. You know what, it just, it reminds me of when I was in high school, there was a club called Met Bunk, the Metropolitan Mock United Nations Club.


And, you know, people would like cosplay different things. And sometimes you would just take the side of like the outrageous thing just to like debate it. And, and I guess high school kids found that to be fun and you would take these positions and this, this, this isn't met, right? This is, this is, this is real life. They're real people's lives on the line. And it reminds me of incompetent met monk, kind of, kind of kind of practice. And I, I'll I'll leave you all with this, this important ruling that came out earlier in the day where a federal judge ordered half a dozen federal agencies to immediately reinstate probationary employees fired last month as part of the Trump administration's effort to rapidly shrink the federal workforce.


The preliminary injunction issued from the bench by US District Judge William Alsup, it's from the northern District of California. I used to appear in front of him when I was practicing law in California. It requires the Department of Veterans Affairs, agriculture, defense, energy, interior and treasury to rehire the employees. And the judge said that he might extend the order to cover other federal agencies at a later time. And this was a, a hearing where the judge just shredded the Department of Justice lawyers who were unprepared and didn't have the facts.


And the judge talked about really just how just disappointed he was in the lawyering in their behavior in hiding the ball, in doing this to human beings. The judge was like, I have never seen behavior like this in all of my years on the bench. Words to that effect. And the DOJ lawyers were just kind of incompetent and didn't even know what to say. And so now under this order, which I'm sure the Trump administration, the regime will try to appeal. They have to rehire the people that they fired, they're gonna have to pay 'em for the unlawful termination as well, potentially other penalties. And now that they've shut down the systems, when these people go back for their work, assuming they want to go back for their work, even at this point, it's just gonna create more mayhem and chaos and it's gonna create more inefficiency because you, in our, if ultimately in our system, let me be clear, if in our system, Congress right now led by the Republicans MAGA Mike Johnson in the house and the MAGA Republicans control the Senate and Trump controls the executive branch, if they wanna pass something called laws, right?


Laws supposed to do laws that that guts and gets rid of agencies and does all of these things, they can do that, but they're not doing that. Right? Instead, they're having Elon Musk, an unelected billionaire bureaucrat, the richest man in the world, although I don't know how much longer he is gonna hold that title with the way Tesla stock is going go in and, and just fire people and then lie about it and say it's for performance reasons. That that's just not the way our system works. You, you can't, you can't just do that. And it's not like I'm saying, you can't, I mean, federal judges are saying you can't because you can't. There, there's money allocated. These agencies exist because Congress passed laws enabling legislation to create them.


And If you wanna destroy them, you have to go through a process. And it's messy in our democracy. It's hard to pass laws sometimes that didn't stop laws like the Civil Rights Act and Title IX and Voting Rights Act, and lots of other acts bipartisan that now they want to destroy with Elon Musk. And let me just show you this clip of MAGA Mike Johnson and Maga Mike Johnson's like, well, you know, I deal with Elon Musk, you know, and he's got the, quite literally the biggest platform in the world. And so sometimes he says things like, I don't know, like I fired the head of the Ebola research and I, and I fired the nuclear people and, you know, and then I gotta deal with it here, play the clip.


I think of it metaphorically. I get up every morning and I have this giant sort of control panel and it's got 219 dials on it and I gotta make sure everybody's, you know, okay, this one's, oh, you know, and then I got the President Trump dial, and now I have, now I have the Elon Dial. Okay? Because Elon has the largest platform in the world, literally. And if he goes on and says something that, that, that's misunderstood or misinterpreted about something we're doing, he can blow the whole thing up. So I spend a lot of time working with all these dials and all these folks, and I just run around all day and make sure everybody's happy. That's not what your dramas, I run away You like, like an intern.


Like he, he, he, he's in Congress has become Musk's intern, right? I mean, what, what, what are they, what is he doing? Like he's, he's, he's, you know, by the way, that's not how I would even treat my, I I would treat my interns far better than how he described his internship for Elon Musk, right? He's like, what? Getting Elon Musk his coffee. I mean, that, that's what a co-equal branch of our government has become as Elon Musk and Donald Trump do product placement, selling Tesla vehicles in front of the White House. And Trump has a piece of paper listing the cost of the different Teslas. And Trump reads off what the Teslas cost so he can help Elon Musk. And then he and Hannity go, we've bought, we bought Teslas because Elon needs us right now.


Elon, where do these people come from? Wh where, where, where do these people come from? And we as Americans, more than ever right now, need to just say, enough, enough, enough. We, we should have said it before, but I'm heartened by the fact that this network is growing, right? That, that tells me, yeah, look, it's, it's great to beat Rogan, it's great to beat Fox. Sure. That's not why we're doing it. And as I've said before, this is not a spike the football moment for us. People are suffering right now. This is a time where all of us need to gather together, grow together, fight back together.


Let's use this platform to highlight things that corporate media would never highlight. Let's do the things that you've always wanted to see corporate media do, but they've been too scared to do. And so that's our commitment to you every day, every hour, every minute together. Brett, anything else you wanna say? Well said Ben.


Shout out to the mightest mighty The Can't Get Enough. Midas. Check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.