
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable, but the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com. Today


The NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA, Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers To get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and Wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg dot org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


This Podcast is brought to you by Carvana. Customizable, fast, easy, all words Carvana. Customers have used to describe buying and financing their car with Carvana. We wanna make your car financing journey hassle free. Carvana has thousands of affordable cars, transparent pricing, and customizable terms. We do everything in our power to give you the power to find finance and buy the perfect car. Go to carvana.com to finance your car today. Terms may apply.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 T's and C's apply.


Let them eat cake. Donald Trump's central planning department is now saying that little girls should only get Poo dolls, not 35 dolls and only a couple of pencils, not 250 pencils. These are actual words that Donald Trump repeated over and over again in the past 48 hours. Also no deals. Donald is saying because he hasn't been able to secure any deals as part of his disastrous trade war, he may just start to make up his own deals in his mind and declare what the tariffs are going to be for each country. Isn't that what you did already? That got us into this mess in the first place. Okay, Donald.


Donald Trump also posted an AI image of himself as a pope. He called for reopening Alcatraz. He called for Taring movies produced overseas. He hung out with the leader of the Proud Boys at Mar-a-Lago. Enrique Tario. He says he doesn't know if the Constitution applies to him. He doesn't think migrants should have trials. Oh, and they're cutting what, 20% of the four Star Generals. Oh, and the weak has just begun. Also ALBOWS up a big victory for the Labor Party in Australia, which is their left-leaning liberal party there. The Trump backed MAGA party over there, which is their liberal party, their conservative right wing party called the Liberal Party, led by Peter Dutton, had a humiliating defeat on Saturday.


The Labor Party had a massive, massive victory, a huge repudiation of Trump and Maga, because the Peter Dutton liberal candidate, which again is their right wing party, was Tim Trump. They're like the Maple Maga Pierre Pev. And the way Pierre Pev in Canada lost his seat, lost his writing, although he basically shook someone down a conservative in Alberta to then take that person's writing. Same thing here with Peter Dutton, who lost his own seat in Dixon. And there the right wing party had a massive defeat. Let's bring in Brett and Jordy. We've got a lot to discuss. A lot has happened over the past 24 to 48 hours, and it looks like Donald Trump spiraling out of control just continues to accelerate.


It was funny, Brett, I saw some of the comments and they were like, Ben, when you say total meltdown, we always think that's clickbait and you're exaggerating. But you're right, it is a total meltdown. I go, what else do you want me to call what this is? I'm just literally observing what I'm seeing right now. I don't know what else to call it. And if, hey, listen, if, if we're making videos about like MIT Romney speaking about like his views on tax policy, and we were like, Romney goes psycho. I I totally get it. Okay. If you guys were like, come on now, come on. But like literally this guy goes psycho and has meltdowns every single day, like, like let's not act like what we are seeing is normal stuff. You will own less and be happy. That is basically the mantra of this new Trump administration and these just spiraling out of control.


I mean, is there anything more anti-American brothers than telling people you should do well with less? You could. You should. You should have less. And I'm gonna tell you how much that you should have while I live in my gold tower and sit on my gold plated toilet. Your, your daughter should only have one or two dolls. That's that. That, that's plenty. That's plenty. I mean, this is just absolutely crazy. It is certainly not the message that came from the Trump campaign as he was running in this election. And things just keep getting worse. And like we've been saying, this is just like the very beginning. We are in the eye of the storm right now, and when that storm actually hits, it's going to be devastating. We're seeing what's happening with freight. We're seeing what's happening at the ports.


We are seeing what all the investments with all the investors are saying that everything is basically dried up and come to a complete halt and a standstill. And right now we are just waiting, bracing for the impact of all that. While Donald Trump, I guess, watches movies on TV and then tries to put those movies into his policy. Now he's obsessed with Alcatraz because maybe he watched Escape from Alcatraz, the Clint Eastwood movie over the weekend on tv, and now that's in his head. It's just the whole deranged thing that's going on. So yeah, we're not gonna sugarcoat it. We're not gonna pretend like this is normal. We're going to be loud about what we are seeing because it is quite literally psychotic.


The stuff that we are witnessing. Great to be here with everybody. Remember to add the Midas Touch podcast on Apple Podcast. Remember to add the Midas Touch podcast on Spotify. Leave us a five star review if you can. Jordy, what's new on your end? I am excited for the show. Brothers, Midas mighty, anyone in western pa shout out to y'all. We're going on day seven right now without power. You know what? It's all right. We're not gonna complain. There are plenty of worse things that happened than being without power or wifi. Jordan's doing the pod by candlelight. Sh. Shout out to my relatives out here. Thank you guys for letting me use this room to do the podcast than I did here last week too. That's 'cause my power was out. And just shout out to western pa man, A bunch of us yinzer, man. We're a bunch of fighters. Shout out to Western pa.


Benji, where do you wanna start? Jordy? The way your face reacted. You seemed surprised when Brett was saying that the reason that Donald Trump has come out with this, we need to reopen Alcatraz was because escape from Alcatraz was actually playing in southern Florida on the networks that Donald Trump was likely watching. This is a brilliant point. He's exactly right. That's, there were reporters who tracked that down and actually showed that that movie was playing at night while Donald Trump was vacationing once again on the taxpayer dime. Also, what does Donald Trump wanna do on the taxpayer dime? He wants to throw a military parade in June for his birthday with 50 helicopters paratroopers, 7,000 soldiers, so he can look like Kim Jong o, also Donald.


And that's gonna cost what, probably around a hundred million dollars or more. We previously reported how Donald Trump has been on a personal deal making, not in terms of the country. Donald Trump is building resorts in Qatar right now. Also, we learned earlier New York post exclusive exclusive that cutter gave Donald Trump and the American military, their big jet for Donald Trump to build a new Air Force. One with gold walls in it. So it shouldn't be surprising why federal spending is actually significantly higher right now under Donald Trump than it was under former President Biden.


All those did was take your data, take your social security information, take your medical records, take your IRS file, and did nothing to cut costs at all. They're actually going to cause a massive amount of money to be added to our deficit in the short term. Probably 130 to 200 billion based on what they've done. But then when you factor in the tax revenues that won't be collected and the dismantling and inefficiencies in federal government that they've caused, I would guess that it will probably be in the trillions. Let's get into some of what I talked about at the outset of this show.


Here was Donald Trump in this interview with Kristen Weer, which was supposed to be the 100 day interview. And Donald Trump's on Meet the Press and Donald Trump is asked, so, are you okay with recession? Are you okay? And Donald Trump's like, mm mm Yeah, yeah. Here, play the clip. And that's my question. Remember this long term? Is it okay in the short term to have our session? Remember this? Look. Yeah, it's, everything's okay what we are. I said, this is a transition period. I think we're gonna do fantastic. It's a transit. Yes, that's what he ran on. I will do a transition day period.


Yeah, I'm okay. I'm okay with everything. What does that even mean? You're okay with everything here. Donald Trump tells Kristen Walker about the military parade. He goes, this is gonna be great for us. This is gonna be great here. Let's play this clip. The president also told me that next month he's planning a military parade celebrating the 250th anniversary of the US Army. That also falls on his 79th birthday. We're gonna have a big, beautiful parade, A military parade. Yeah, sure. Okay, we gonna celebrate our military, the truck. We have the greatest military in, in the world. What's the price tag? Do you know? People peanuts compared to the value of doing it. We have the greatest missiles in the world. We have the greatest submarines in the world.


We have the greatest army tanks in the world. We have the greatest weapons in the world, and we're gonna celebrate it. What? What? And then Donald Trump talks about building a huge ballroom by the White House and that that's one of his major priorities. A grand ballroom. He tells Kristen Welker here, play this clip. We are gonna make and build a ballroom, which they've wanted for probably a hundred years at the White House. And it'll be a world class beautiful ballroom, A ballroom that could cost millions of dollars. He says he will pay for it himself. You will fund it. Yeah. I'm not gonna ask the government for money. I'll fund it and I'm sure we'll have some donations to it, but it's, it's not an inexpensive thing.


I'll fund it. Isn't that what he said about his presidential campaign? I'm sure we'll have donations to it as well. I guess what Jeff Bezos, Zuckerberg get ready to take out your checkbook. It's time for another check right here to the, the Trump regime. Doesn't it seem like that's what he's talking about? Then Donald Trump is part of this interview, says that he's not sure if he needs to uphold the constitution. He goes, I don't know. When asked a very direct question, don't you feel obligated to uphold the constitution here, play this clip. But Even given those numbers that you're talking about, don't you need to uphold the Constitution of the United States as president?


I don't know. I have to respond by saying again, I have brilliant lawyers that work for me and they are going to obviously follow what the Supreme Court said. What you said is not what I heard. The Supreme Court said they have a different interpretation. There's no different interpretation of what the Supreme Court said. It was nine to zero. It was a very short order. It was not open to a lot of interpretation. It says facilitate the return of Abrego Garcia. It says that people in the United States get due process. By the way, even though Abrego Garcia had no criminal history, even though Trump's first administration was the one who gave Abrego Garcia the work permit and issued a withholding order saying You can't send him to El Salvador, even if he was a bad guy or could be a bad guy, if that was demonstrated in a court through process in America, you have due process.


Now you may say, well, due process is slow due process is Vessi due process takes time. It's frustrating. That's our system. You know, where it's quicker. North Korea pop. That's how they do it. They say, we think you're a gang member. We don't like you. They shoot you, they kill you. That's it. Done. How do you think it happens in Putin's Russia? They throw you off the balcony. In America. Our experience, how we were founded was on the concept of due process. That's it. It's why it is even to me inexplicable, why people even have debates over this, right? Like, why would I even debate due process with one of these right wing people?


And they go, well, actually there's no, actually, the Supreme Court said Return them, return them. The Supreme Court's, the law of the land. Do it. What? There's no debate or discuss. There isn't a debate to be had when it comes to due process. Period. Full stop. And the frustrating thing is that, you know, there have been attempts to solve this issue now for decades. The immigration issue. And certainly, you know, there's blame to go around to all the parties here, but most recently what happened, what did we see just about a year ago? We saw a bipartisan immigration bill that was touted by President Biden at the time, and we saw him deal with very conservative members of the United States Congress in order to try to get this thing passed.


And what was in this bill, one of the most important things that we could possibly use to help the immigration process, which is having more judges, more immigration judges, part of the backlog, one of the reasons for the backlog that we have with the whole system is because we simply do not have the manpower in the judicial system in order to handle all of this. We were trying to solve this just a year ago. Donald Trump himself was the person who torpedoed all of this in addition to a bunch of other officials and, and officers and stuff who would also help facilitate all of this stuff. So it's a typical Republican thing right here that we are seeing, which is sabotage the solution and then continue to try to run on the problem and blame other people. It's something that we see time and time again, and it's no different right now.


So military parades, brothers, this is just something that's normal. Like in our, in our political discourse. This is what we're just gonna do here in the United States. You know, before Bill Maher went sideways, he used to warn about this type of stuff with Donald Trump. He used to say, Hey, I don't, I don't stand for, for military parades. That's, that's what authoritarians do. That's not what we do here in America. And so the gaslighting from that, Kristen Weer interview, like, genuinely my heart is pounding watching that because not seeing any sort of pushback in the, you know, respect of, do you think this is just a normal thing for a president to do? Like just, just ask like the most simple and basic question please. Because it's just infuriating and scary as someone who loves this country to see our military being used as a prop in, in this despicable way.


And lemme just say Jor, you know why? Because Donald Trump is a failure. Donald Trump is a complete and total failure through and through in his presidency. This term has been no different than the rest of his life. A complete and total failure. When you look at all of the objective metrics, Donald Trump has failed. When you look at immigration, how he's handling immigration, he's actually deporting fewer people than President Biden did. He had a lot to say about President Biden and his deportations. He's actually deporting fewer people. He's making a big scene out of it. He is trying to turn everything into this TV moment, this kind of real life twisted episode of cops. And he's actually deporting the wrong people. Rather than getting rid of criminals, he's getting rid of like innocent people and people who are actually citizens and all this stuff.


But Trump is actually deporting fewer people. Donald Trump promised that prices were gonna go down right away. Prices are higher, even though he likes to pretend that they're not, he like to pretend that inflation was gonna go away, not the case. He would like to pretend that his tariffs were going to solve everything. Well, they did not. If you go through every little subject matter, every topic, Donald Trump has been a failure. So what's the only thing that he could do to try to claim success? It's to try to do these performative antics that grab the headlines and don't mean anything. They're just like ridiculous. Like what? Like a 2-year-old might say, like, what would you do if you were president? I would name a do a be parade for myself. I would do Alcatraz. Like he just shouts out all these things because those things are like easy to him, right?


He doesn't have to actually work with Congress. He doesn't actually have to do the actual work that it entails to really be a leader, to really be a president, to rename the Gulf of Mexico to Gulf of America, or to say, I wanna reopen, reopen Alcatraz. He can't get the real stuff done. So he's so focused on all of these sideshows. Donald Trump said on day one, he was going to have the largest mass deportation exercise in the history. He said on day one, millions of people would be rounded up. I'm glad that that did not happen. We see what Donald Trump's doing with about 200 plus Venezuelans, 85% who have no criminal history, who are in a concentration camp in El Salvador.


But what's Donald Trump now been saying over the past 24 to 48 hours? Their new plan as of May 5th, is to pay migrants a thousand dollars to self deport. So I guess what was the plan? Torture individuals with no criminal history and throw 'em into concentration camps and then try to pay off other migrants who are here and you revoke their temporary protected status. They're here legally. And then you pay 'em off a thousand dollars with the threat. Do you want to go to concentration camps in El Salvador and Donald Trump? Again, ineffective, negligent, even in his most dastardly of policies.


Another point I wanna make, and Jordy, you were saying the fact that Corporate news normalizes military parades. What I was gonna say before is that I'm slightly older than you Jordy and slightly older than Brett. Our age difference is about eight years. So I grew up remembering the Clinton administration probably a little more than, than, than you did. 'cause you were probably what, five at the time. Who'd you try say? And there was some who'd I say? And there was, and there was something may, maybe you were like three at the time. There was something called Whitewater. And this was an investigation over an obscure small real estate deal in Arkansas. And whether there was self dealing by Clinton and whether he was using his positions of power to exert influence, there were massive investigations, the Whitewater investigations, the Times, and other newspapers focused on this relentlessly, relentlessly every day.


The Trump regime brazenly does things for billions and tens of billions of dollars. That's what mitten doesn't even make the news at all. Or maybe buried in page 18, you know, and gets a tiny paragraph and, and then no one talks about it again. Like are people, no one's talking about that. Don Jr. Is created a club called the Executive Branch for $500,000 per membership with David Sachs. The cryptos are, and they're throwing parties at the Willard Hotel where they're just flaunting this club, which presumably is access to the cryptos are, and the executive branch Donald Trump's deal in Qatar for resorts to be made there.


The Abu Dhabi fund spending what? Billions and billions of dollars using the, the Trump aligned crypto Trump selling meme coins. Heck, earlier today, just today, Donald Trump posted about his meme coin dinner. If you have the most Trump meme coins, you get to meet with, you get to meet with Donald Trump. I could go on, I mean, I could spend 10 shows talking. Again, that's not even, not to mention like the fact that the other stuff that's happening directly in the White House, even these executive orders against these law firms are like a protection racket that we are seeing right now. You know, they actually did a great report on 60 Minutes last night about this, where they had an attorney speak about this and it, was it John Ecker?


Is that how you say his name then? Yeah, we, we had on the show we had, we had him on, yeah. And, and, and, and he said that this is the definition of bribery. What we are seeing right now, the definition of bribery, what Donald Trump is doing with these law firms by making them give him these basically in kind, you know, pro bono work to the sum of hundreds of millions of dollars, also scaring them off with his legal schemes against them. I mean, we are witnessing the single most brazenly, corrupt criminal administration in history, just doing things every single day that would've been months worth of coverage, if not like historic, like major headlines in your history books growing up. But it's just a daily occurrence.


Sometimes like 10 times a day. And that's part of the strategy, right? It just do so much that you overwhelm the system, whether it's the media system, the courts, whatever it is, try to throw so much at everybody that you just confuse everybody to going, oh, maybe this isn't so psycho, maybe this is normal. No, this is psycho stuff that we're seeing. But, but, but what they didn't account for Brett in this administration, I is this community is is the pro-democracy community, the mightest mighty independent media really putting their flag in the ground and saying, Uhuh, we know how to report on this shit and we're gonna do it every single day and we're gonna meet the moment every single day and call this stuff out, right? You'll get those people out there. Oh Alcatraz, it's just a distraction from this.


Don't pay attention to that Uhuh. Pay attention to all of it because it's utterly frigging ridiculous. And people are smart enough to walk and chew gum at the same time and they could care about multiple issues and call Trump out for his utter complete incompetence. And also what he does to our economy and also what he does to Abrego Garcia and also this. And also people are fed up and you should be angry at every single thing. Period. End of story. Prime Minister Mark Carney will be visiting the White House on Tuesday. Ahead of that, Donald Trump is attacking Canada more. Talking about annexation, basically giving the middle finger to Prime Minister Kearney in the Oval Office today saying, I'm not sure why he even wants to be here.


I guess he wants to make a deal. Everybody wants to make deals with us. No, you are no deals, Donald, actually nobody has wanted to make deals with you. You took existing deals, some of which were made during your first administration, like the 2018 trade deal you did with Japan or the U-S-M-C-A United States, Mexico Canada agreement, which you basically just renamed NAFTA and updated a little bit and pretended it was your deal. But that, but that's what you did in your first administration. You ripped that to shreds. I did a whole post on our Substack Midas Plus about how Donald Trump violates every rule of negotiation from setting arbitrary deadlines against himself to breaching prior agreements, to underestimating his opponents, to not coming in with a data set or a full data set that understands the situation, to sending mixed messages to undermining his negotiators, to having multiple negotiators saying different things.


Donald Trump is, has never been a good negotiator. He is never been a good builder. He is been a destroyer. He bankrupted Atlantic City where he put three casinos next to each other, assumed massive amounts of debt, the casinos cannibalized each other and put out, put tens of thousands of people out of a job. And people were warning, this is the stupidest thing. Why are you doing three casinos over leveraged like that right next to each other? They're all gonna compete against each other. You don't know what you're talking about. I'm gonna do a big beautiful casino, the biggest three that you ever did. That's basically like what he's doing with his tariffs. Everybody who knows this says you're gonna crush the economy. You don't know what you're talking about. We're getting rich.


You don't even understand the fact that all trade has stopped with China means we are getting rich. It's like he doesn't even know the basics of economics. I want to talk about that and more. We've got a busy, busy day here in the news. We're gonna cover it all. I wanna remind everybody to check out store dot Midas Touch dot com for that pro democracy gear. We also got the Maple Midas gear, 100% made in Canada. I want to give another shout out to our Australia viewers. ALBOWS up. That's kind of our ALBOWS up for Australia. ALBOWS up for the Midas down under, or the Midas mates. Were still working through names there, but they really stood up against Donald Trump this past weekend.


And a reminder, everybody to go to Midas Plus dot com, let's take our first quick break of the show. We've got a lot to discuss when we return.


Small decisions like where you bank can have a big impact. Think about it. Having $10,000 in a traditional bank produces three tons of carbon dioxide per year. That's the equivalent of driving 10,000 miles in your gas car. By switching to Climate First Bank, you can change that. Climate First Bank was founded to help fight climate change. And as the world's first FDIC insured, values-based digital community bank, the bank uses your deposits to invest in the things you care about. Strong communities, affordable housing, and clean renewable energy. As someone who always tries to put my values first, knowing that Climate First Bank helps me do that is a total game changer. So let's fight the climate crisis together. Open an account with Climate First Bank today and put your money to work to fight climate change. Visit Climate First Bank dot com slash midas to learn more. That's Climate First Bank dot com slash M-E-I-D-S member FDIC. The C2 Impact described is based on calculation provided by Topo Finance. Visit topo finance.org/calculator for more information.


You know, those everyday moments that somehow become your whole day, the coffee run, the sudden downpour on your way to grab groceries. Yeah, I've lived all that. I know you have too. But now I've got the Perfect Daily Companion. The Vessi Weekend sneaker. Not only do my Vessi sneakers look great, but they're also lightweight, have waterproof tech and provide all day comfort so I don't have to worry about the weather forecast. These sneakers are also durable, so I know they'll support me no matter what the day brings. My Vessi look so great that I wear them everywhere to important meetings, out to dinner, and on walks and hikes. And these things are comfortable. They've got soft soles and a breathable design, which is helpful when I'm on my feed. Vessi allows you to embrace every journey, rain or shine without worry. Make every everyday a little easier. Visit Vessi dot com slash midas now for 15% off your first pair at checkout and start exploring with confidence. Your new everyday favorite Vessi is waterproof, comfy, and ready for real life. Grab your pair at Vessi dot com slash midas to stay comfortable and get an instant 15% off your first purchase at checkout. Let's go.


Shout out to our sponsors. Hey, drop in the comments right now. If you, if you could pull a pair of those Vessi, those are sharp, Brett, those look really cool. Use the links in the description of both the audio and the YouTube. Use the links, use the codes. If there's an exit survey, let them know we sent you. I just gotta say, Brett, I legit wear those everywhere. I gotta say, dude, comfortable. Dude, you're so annoying. Sometimes you are thanks because you're good at everything you do, man. Like those reads. Are you like, you like it, it's like you are an expert sponsorship, read like everything you do bend to an extent kind of. But more so you, you pick up anything and you're just like a pro. Ridiculous. Here's the thing, when we got, when we got good stuff, you know, it makes it easy, honestly. And I, and I love the stuff. Those besties are the best. They're they're, they're so good. Benji, you look like you took some, took, took that personally.


What? I said don't worry, worry. Right? And you're great. You're great at a lot of things. Rubs right off the shoulders. Take that dirt, put it off your shoulder. Where to next? Benji? The question is, is Prime Minister Carney gonna take that dirt off his shoulder? What? Donald Trump is throwing his way like that? I, I wanna transition. Well, prime Minister Carney's visiting the White House, Donald Trump being very offensive in advance of that. Donald Trump talking about what Prime Minister Carney said, he would not tolerate Donald Trump saying, yeah, I think it should be the 51st state annexation on the table. Of course, I plan to talk to Carney about annexing, which let's be very clear, that means going to war, right? That means sending young men and women in the military to die in a war against our strongest ally Canada.


And Donald Trump has destroyed that relationship and alliance. Like, I just want to be clear these words because you know, I I, I gave the analogy or I gave the example, you know, this weekend, there's that movie, don't look up where the asteroid is hitting. And there are so many people out there trying to warn the world. Like, do you see what's happening here? Do you see, sometimes I feel like, like I'm in that movie and I'm like, he's talking about annexation. The, the, the ships are not coming into the ports. Trucking volumes are down to record lows. We have a total embargo on China. Do we realize what's going to happen? And then people are talking about everything else.


Oh, well I guess they're doing the 2026 NFL draft at the mall in Washington DC Well, all that's interesting. And the market looks like it's up here and there 'cause it's market manipulation. Because every day, if you haven't realized they lie and they say they're having conversations with China, which is not happening. They say they're doing deals, which is not happening. What are we on day 24 or day 25 now, since they said 90 deals in 90 days with the Chiron of Peter Navarro saying, we're very, very close. All you're very, very close on is your next scam to manipulate the market the very next day. That's what they do. It's the most obvious thing. And by the way, it's not just me saying this, okay?


When you have the head of Apollo, one of the top private equity companies, okay? Not like a podcaster like me, Apollo Private Equity saying the brand of America has just received like irreversible damage because of Donald Trump. And business is at a standstill. You wanna listen, you wanna listen to him, you wanna listen to Ken Griffin, you know, one of these private equity guys. Do you wanna listen to Warren Buffet from this week? Who, who, who else if, if not me, who, who else do you wanna listen to? Anyway, I digress. Let me show you what Donald Trump said about Prime Minister Kearney right here in the Kristen, we interview, let's play this clip.


It's too Early to say that. I don't wanna get into that argument. Let's move on to Canada. You have long talked about making Canada the 51st state. There's obviously a new prime minister of Canada. Mark Carney, who you spoke to correct? After his victory. He says that you didn't talk to him in that call about making Canada a 51st. No, he called me. He was very nice and I congratulated him. He had a victory. It's a very close victory. It's, you know, there's no majority or anything. So that's gonna make things a little bit difficult, I think, for him to run. But he'd nevertheless had a victory. And he's a very nice man, I think. Do you plan to talk to him about making Canada a 51st? He wants, he wants to come and see me. He's gonna come this week or next week. So will you talk to him about making Canada a 51st state annex in Canada?


I'll always talk about that. You know why we subsidize Canada to the tune of $200 billion a year. We don't need their cars. In fact, we don't want their cars. We don't need their energy. We don't even want their energy. We have more than they do. We don't want their lumber. We have great lumber. All I have to do is free it up from the environmental lunatics. We don't need anything that they have. We are giving them. I asked, I asked Mr. Trudeau, who I call Governor Trudeau. I said, you know, not prime Minister governor. I said, governor Trudeau, could I ask you one question? Why are we giving you 200 billion? Why are we subsidizing Canada?


If Canada was a state, it wouldn't cost us. It would be great. It would be such a great, we, it would be a cherished state. Now, prime Minister Carney's made the decision to do this visit. It's obviously a high stakes visit that he's doing because if he's sitting there in the room while Donald Trump's using language like that, and if he just sits there and smiles, I think a lot of the goodwill that Prime Minister Kearney has built in d in in really changing the dynamic of that election, I think he could lose that in a second on this visit. If Donald Trump does that in Prime Minister Kearney doesn't push back.


So very, very, very high stakes. Donald Trump, though also on Air Force One, as he returned, this was so odd, this Air Force, one thing that he did, he held this press conference on Air Force one impromptu as he was heading back to, from Mar-a-Lago to Washington, DC last night. And he would just like yell at the reporters. He'd go like one by one and like, and like, shout at them, yell at this reporter, yell at that reporter. So he was yelling here at the Wall Street Journal reporter and saying The Wall Street Journal are agents of China and that they're really bad. And just like, look at do, look at the venom spewing from this deranged, demented face here at play. This clip.


Who are you with? The Wall Street Journal. That's what I well, you, you people treat us so badly. Wall Street Journal has truly gone to hell. Go ahead. A rock newspaper. Yeah. What? I said it's a rock newspaper. I wouldn't tell the Wall Street Journal because it'd be wasting my time. There are dogs, but I, I don't want to talk to the Wall Street Journal. But look, wall Street Journal is China oriented and they're really bad for this country. The Wall Street Journal is owned by Rupert Murdoch, who owns Fox. Donald Trump Berates the reporter. And then says, did you hear what I said?


Do you hear what I said? He says, you're China oriented. What the hell does that even mean? And just be clear, that's how he's treating the Wall Street Journal. Because the Wall Street Journal is reporting on the impact of tariffs. They're supportive of Trump. They've endorsed Trump. They go very light on Trump. They gave Trump every benefit of the doubt. And all they're doing now is reporting on what the tariffs are doing. Remember my example? Don't look up. All they're saying is look, that looks, they're not even going the full distance of what they should be saying right now. Right? They're just saying, looks like a comet, looks like a comet's coming everybody.


And that pisses off the authoritarian in Donald Trump. 'cause no, it's not like a miracle. It's all gonna go away. None of this is actually happening. And stop complaining. Stop com little girls, by the way, why does he keep bringing up the little girls? Like that's the example that he always goes back to beautiful little girls and their dolls. He brings up over and over again. They need 37 dolls. They need 250 pencils. First off, no one has $37. I I understand that Trump has golden toilet bowls and he raised his kids like driving, you know, like the kids would have like the most expensive stuff. And like, like, like there, here's a photo for our audio listeners of Trump, Melania and Barron in the, in the gold department that they live in.


Like, or maybe fake gold. But who knows? That's not the experience of of 99.999999999% of Americans sometimes they want there to be like they don't have golden strollers. Maybe sometimes people want $1 they can't afford. Or maybe people just wanna put food on the table for their kids and their living paycheck to paycheck. And even though Donald Trump claims that he's solved inflation and that gas is 180 7 and grocery prices are all down and housing is magically more affordable. No, you know what a mortgage rate is right now It's about 6.9%. It's about 7%. It's significantly higher right now.


And you could keep on lying. But the reality is, is that I understand your maga mush brain cult followers will go, Donald says it's 1 98. Donald Trump claims mortgage rates are 2%, even though I see it 6.9%. Maybe I just listened to him. I don't know. But most Americans can actually see it and feel it. And we know you're a fricking liar. We know that's why your approval rating is sub 40 in a lot of polls right now. And on the economy, 35, 30 4%. Here's Donald Trump with Kristen Weer. I'm gonna show you him say this a few times, but here he is with Kristen Weer talking about little girls and beautiful girls. Should only have two dolls here, play this clip, Talk about the tariffs.


And I wanna ask you about something you said this week. Got a lot of attention. You were at your cabinet meeting. You said quote, I'm gonna quote what you said. Maybe the children will have two dolls instead of 30 dolls. Yeah. And maybe the two dolls will cost a couple of bucks more than they would normally. Are you saying that your tariffs will cause some prices to go up? No, I think the tariffs are gonna be great for us because it's gonna make us rich. But you said some dolls are gonna cost more. Isn't that an acknowledgement that some prices will Go up? I don't think, I don't think a beautiful baby girl needs that's 11 years old needs to have 30 dolls. I think they can have three dolls or four dolls. Because what we were doing with China was just unbelievable.


We had a trade deficit of hundreds of billions of dollars with China. When you say they could have three dolls instead of $30, are you, are you saying you're, I say they don't need 30 Americans could cease empty store shelves. No, I'm, no, I'm not saying that. I'm just saying they don't need to have $30. They can have three. They don't need to have 250 pencils. They can have five. But you are basically saying there could be some supply shortages Because of the tars. We don't have to waste money on a trade deficit with China for things we don't need for junk that We don't need. Well, Junk that we don't need. And also it should be noted that as part of this like embargo with China, China's not sending over the rare earth minerals that become component parts in a lot of our electronics.


So right now we are utilizing supply that companies stocked up on believing that Trump worst case scenario and the worst case scenario is happening. For those audio listeners, Brett just pulled up a meme right here. Pull it up one more time. And it's a MAGA supporter when Senator Bernie Sanders says we should improve healthcare via tax hikes on the 1%. The MAGA Red Hat supporter cult member goes, this sounds like North Korean communist hogwash. But then Donald Trump says, your kid only needs one doll and you need to be punished for watching foreign films. Because Donald Trump also said that he was gonna put tariffs on films that were produced in other countries.


The Red Hat Trump MAGA supporters go, sure thing Donald, sure thing Donald Jordy. Here's my thing. And I don't wanna, I don't wanna feel like I'm bullying Kristen Walkie here because I I'm not. But here's my issue. She holds his hand so much through this interview that she starts to try and interpret his words for him. Tosin wash what he's saying, she's treating him like any normal president or any normal person or that he's, that she's having a conversation with someone who's intellectually all there when at the end of the day, like you just put up that transcript simply of what he says. His brain's mush. This person has the nuclear codes and we're just okay with this.


Kristen Walker don't interpret. So what you're saying is there could be a trade deficit. Now actually ask him what he's trying to say. Have him physically articulate it because he can't. Going back to the Air Force one, he was extra unhinged on Air Force one yelling at those reporters. And by the way, everybody knows a sick burn really lands when you have to be like, Hey, did you hear what I said? Did you hear, did you hear my sick burn? Did you hear what I said? The guy's a complete fool. But my theory on why he was extra on hinge on Air Force one, he's still not over. The Terry Moran interview that now he's back on his home turf, right When Terry Moran made, made him look like a fool in the one-on-one interview. Now Trump feels like he's back in his home turf on Air Force One, he gets to bully these reporters.


He's got his, he's got his friends to back him up. He's got his friendly reporters in there to back him up. He can act like a total jag off. And every single day this guy gets more and more unhinged and, and corporate media treats this like it's normal behavior that we're supposed to and expect to see from someone who holds this high of an office, the highest office in America. Are you kidding me? That's why I think sometimes with Trump, what you have to do is just write his words verbatim or just show what he says completely unedited. Because when people read his words on paper, when they hear it just long form, not with the media interpretations of what he's saying or what he's trying to say.


You see just how deranged he is. Donald Trump likes to say in these trade negotiations that aren't happening, Donald Trump likes to say they don't have the cards about the other countries, right? He always says they don't have the cards. Not only does Donald Trump not have the cards, Donald Trump is simply not playing with a full deck. And we are seeing that now. Every day when we watch him, it seems to get worse and worse and worse. Today he was asked about this new ridiculous plan that he hatched over the weekend about Alcatraz, where he goes, okay, we're gonna reopen Alcatraz. Alcatraz hasn't been open for what, 60 years as a prison. It's like a museum right now. It's a tourist attraction. It's the National parks.


It's a popular tourist attraction. And one of the reasons it was shut down is because it was far too expensive to operate. It was just incredibly inefficient to operate. But Donald Trump, apparently, what some reporters are saying online right now is that on public access TV in Palm Beach over the weekend, the movie escaped from Alcatraz was playing. And Donald Trump happened to catch a little bit of it. And Donald Trump hatched an idea to reopen Alcatraz. That is what folks are saying. And at first I thought that sounds a little outlandish. But then Donald Trump was asked about it today and he started speaking about movies and that how he should have been a filmmaker and how maybe he actually is a great filmmaker and went on this really bizarre rant when asked about Alcatraz about movies.


Now let's just break down Donald Trump's response to this question here, because it is truly just Donald Trump at his most unhinged and Jordy. It goes to exactly what you were saying. So first, let's go to the first clip here where Donald, Donald Trump is asked about this and you'll see how, how he started off his response. How did you decide to reopen Alcatraz? Can you walk us through that decision? Did I say what To reopen Alcatraz? How will you use it? How did you come up with the idea? Well, I Guess I was supposed to be a movie maker. We're talking, we started with the movie Making Will End. I mean, it, it represents something very strong, very powerful in terms of law and order. Our country needs Law and Order.


Alcatraz is, I would say the ultimate, right? Alcatraz Sing, sing and Alcatraz the movies. But it's right now a museum, believe it or not, a lot of people go there. Believe it or not, it's a popular tourist destination. Like we believe it. It's been like that for like six years. But Donald Trump wasn't done there. He goes on for, let's just play the next like 40 seconds or so. And nobody ever escaped to one person almost got there, but they, as you know the story, they found his clothing rather badly ripped up. And it was a lot of shark bites, a lot of, a lot of problems. Nobody's ever escaped from Alcatraz and just represented something strong having to do with law and order.


We need law and order in this country. And so we're going to look at it. Some of the people up here are gonna be working very hard on that. And we had a little conversation. I think it's gonna be very interesting. We'll see if we can bring it back in large form, add a lot. But I think it represents something right now. It's a big Hulk that's sitting there rusting and rotting. What w what? But no, he wasn't done with his response. Let's play a little bit more of that. But It, it sort of represents something that's both horrible and beautiful and strong and miserable, weak. It's got a lot of, it's got a lot of qualities that are interesting and I think they, they make a point.


Okay, So here's why I have a hard time watching SNL sometimes. It's that, that James Austin Johnson who does the Trump impression, he does, he's really good. A bit of a job. I mean, I think we need a new segment. Was that James Austin Johnson or, or Donald Trump? How does this guy speak? He, he doesn't like, like what, what are we, what in the mush brains are we listening to? And if former President Joe Biden got up there, oh yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, if he got up there and started talking like this, he would be put in an assisted care facility the next day by corporate media. Where, where is that? Where is the pushback there Ben? I haven't even got into Yeah, we that we, for our viewers who are watching this on, on YouTube and video, there's the transcript.


Just take a photo of it for our audio listeners. You can go to our YouTube and just take a photo. We posted it on our social medias as well of what Donald Trump actually said there. You, you can judge for yourself. I'm not going to repeat those words again. I think it would be painful, but take a screenshot of that. We haven't even got into, when Donald Trump posted AI images of himself dressed as the Pope or pretending to be the Pope, as the world still mourns the death of Pope Francis, he posted it on his personal account, his official account, the White House account, and the official president of the United States account. So it went on all three accounts.


When Donald Trump was asked about it in the Oval Office today, he said, I had nothing to do with it. He said, maybe AI did it. Maybe that's what happened there. And then you have people like Cardinal Dolan as well. And maybe we'll show this when we get back though, giving Donald Trump kind of a pass also, right? Your cardinal, the Catholic Church, the top leader of the Catholic church in the United States. And he kind of tried to avoid it by like speaking Latin also. And like not addressing the question. Like it's like, okay, first off, you, you can just speak what's happening and just condemn it there. There's a lot of Catholic groups who did condemn it and I give them credit.


You don't have to be a Catholic group to condemn it. The, the, it's offensive re regardless of anyone who passed away. And you're kind of mocking the person in AI images, whether you're religious, you know, or not. But I compare Cardinal Dolan's response to Mary and Bud, the Bishop of Washington and the cathedral in Washington, dc the National Cathedral, how she spoke truth to power at the inauguration during the proceedings that took place there. And my wife nailed it. She goes, Ben, didn't you notice how the woman bishop stood up to him and said to his face how to do it? And the male cardinal would not even would just, eh, you know, I don't even know what's going, oh, you know, maybe didn't mean maybe he didn't do it. And I think about that also there, as I see Roger Goodell in the background, the commissioner of the NFL.


I wanna talk about Roger Goodell being in the background. 'cause y'all have to remember I represented Colin Kaepernick. So I was there when Roger Goodell put out statements, you know, embracing Trump in the first administration. That was very detrimental in my opinion, to Kaepernick. And then Goodell after George Floyd was murdered, tried to act like he was apologetic. And now Goodell is right there in the Oval Office with Donald Trump. And it's people like Goodell, honestly, who kind of just move with whatever they think the power centers are that really are, in my view, e equally as problematic as the Trumps themselves, right? Pretend to be allies and not, and then they aren't.


And then they move back and forth. It, it's, it's very, very problematic behavior. Let's take our last quick break of the show. As a reminder, go to store dot Midas Touch dot com, check out Midas Plus dot com. When we come back, I also wanna show some clips of Fox Carl Rove on Fox last night. Top GOP political strategist saying, it's pretty obvious why Donald Trump's polling is in the toilet bowl right now. Because what the hell? What the hell are you doing? And Trump was watching that go down as he was watching Fox, as Carl Rove was saying that. And then he was like rage posting last night also. Anyway, let's take our last quick break of the show.


If there's a surefire way to wake up feeling fresh after a night of drinking, it's with PREA alcohol. Zbiotics Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough. Next day. Pre-Cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make pre-cool your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference. The next day, even after a night out, I can confidently plan on having a great next day without worrying. Look, I won't lie. I was a bit on the fence about pre-cool initially, but then while hanging out with some friends over at our local brewery, I gave it a shot. And believe me, it's the real deal. When I first gave pre-Cool a try months ago, I was at a wedding. I drank it before my first martini, and you wouldn't believe how on top of my game I felt the very next morning this March Madness. Don't let anything sideline your celebrations. Grab pre-Cool before you go out and be ready to cheer on your team all day and night long. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas Plus to learn more and get 15% off your first order when you use Midas Plus at checkout, ZBiotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember head to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas Plus and use code Midas Plus at checkout for 15% off.


The weather is heating up and your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. If you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend that you check out Miracle Made Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long. Now using those silver infused fabrics inspired by NASA Miracle Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get better sleep every night. These sheets are infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% of bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. No more gross odors. Miracle Made sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands and feel as nice, if not nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. Stop sleeping on bacteria. Bacteria can clog your pores, causing breakouts and acne. Sleep clean with miracle. Upgrade your sleep as the weather heats up. Go to try miracle.com/midas to try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save over 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get free three piece towel set and save. An extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your Sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/ Midas Plus and use the code Midas Plus to claim your free three piece towel set and save over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/ Midas Plus to Treat Yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode. Let's go. Shout out Miracle Made. Shout out ZBiotics. Hey, they were like day one, Midas pod, like pro-democracy all in on us from day one. So shout out to them. Drop in the comments if you've used ZBiotics or, or if you, I've outfitted my whole house with Miracle Made Sheets, so let me know links in description of both audio and the YouTube. Use the links, use the codes, let them know we sent you Benji.


Where to next? All of this going on, there's a lot of stories that aren't being discussed, which given the size of our platform, I think it's important that we talk about, before I get into Donald Trump claiming that he thinks that AI may have posted the image of himself as the Pope, and he doesn't know who did it, even though it was on his accounts. Then he also said that he thinks it's funny. But remember Donald Trump previously said it was a joke and it was just in jest when he said that he would end the war in Ukraine in 24 hours. Remember Donald Trump told Time Magazine that it was a funny that he was just joking and that the fake news is to blame for taking him seriously.


But notice that's how he operates with all of the stuff that he does. It's a joke. Everything's a joke. Everything's a joke. And I'm reminded of that Turkish proverb, right? That when the clown enters the palace, he doesn't become the king. The palace becomes the circus or words to that effect. But no offense to clowns and circuses. I like clowns are okay. I like clowns, fa, I don't like fascist clowns or fascist circuses, but like, just, just take a look at this. Enrique Tario, the leader of the Proud Boys. He was hanging out at Mar-a-Lago this weekend and partying with Donald Trump. When I read this, I was like, is this real? It's, it is. Enrique Tario posted. I just had a great conversation with the president of the United States.


He called me and my mother over while we were at dinner and said he was sorry for what Joe Biden did to the January six ERs. He knew the hardships me and my family faced for three long years. He knew how many times they moved me, and he said, he is working on making things right. I thanked him for giving me my life back. He replied with, I love you guys to the January 6th ERs. He wanted me to send y'all a message. He said, thank you. And this has been confirmed now by numerous media sources. White and White House officials confirmed that Trump had the conversation last night with Enrique Tario. Enrique Tario was sentenced to 22 years in prison by Judge Timothy Kelly, a Trump appointed judge, and Judge Kelly again, who Trump appointed said Tario was the ultimate leader for January 6th.


This is a direct quote from the Trump appointed judge who sentenced Tario to 22 years quote. It is kind of hard to put into words how important that a peaceful transfer of power is. Our country was founded as an experiment in self-government by the people, but it cannot long endure if the way we elect our leaders is threatened with force and violence. Judge Kelly said during the sentencing quote, what happened that day on January 6th, did not honor our founders. It was the kind of thing they wrote the Constitution to prevent against. Again, a Trump appointed judge said that when sentencing Enrique Tario, who was partying with Donald Trump at Mar-a-Lago this past week, and again, this shouldn't be a Democrat or Republican thing when it comes to due process.


It shouldn't be a Democrat or Republican thing. When I'm observing all of these things and showing you what Trump's saying and posting AI images of himself and talking about annexing Canada, by the way, in the interview, Donald Trump also said that he has not ruled out using military force against Greenland. Again, an ally of ours in NATO is Denmark Greenland's, part of the Kingdom of Denmark. That's what Donald Trump said in the interview, just threatening our own NATO allies right Now, again, this shouldn't be Democratic or Republican things that, well, by the way, Donald Trump doesn't even talk about, did you notice that Donald Trump never even talks about the minerals deal with Ukraine? Like, like they, it was all they talked about.


And now that they did one because it was actually a pretty good deal for President Zelinsky to try to get some security guarantees as well for Ukraine. And Donald Trump was so desperate to do a deal. Trump's kind of embarrassed about the deal, and the MAGA base hates that that deal was done with Zelensky and it was actually done on Zelensky. So you notice they don't even like talk about that and they try to bury that story. But that's all we were actually hearing about. It is interesting to watch the kind of the MAGA influencers when stuff like that happens because like we're finding out right now that Trump is actually now sending some advanced air defense systems to Ukraine. Like he's sending more weapons to Ukraine, which is the thing that they always got mad at President Biden about, and they just don't say anything when, when Trump does it.


It's always interesting like when he actually like finally relents and does the right thing on certain issues that they actually can't celebrate. Like things that might actually be okay. Like, like they, they totally memory all the fact that Trump was the one who helped like usher in like who, who did the vaccine? Like who, who did Operation Warp speed. Like if I, if I were, you know, the president of the United States when the vac, when the covid vaccine was developed to me, that's something that you want to brag about. I know Trump had nothing to actually do with, you know, doing the vaccine itself, but like, you'd think that would be like something that you'd say, oh, that was an accomplishment of my administration. We advanced science. No, they, they don't, they pretend that never even happened and they pretend like that happened because of like fauci and that it was an evil thing.


Like, it's just like, it, it's the craziest thing to kind of get into, you know, you don't even want it. But to get into the mindset of this kind of right wing MAGA ecosystem, what I would love to do is then experiment where, and we all know what the result would be of this experiment, but you ask people, you say, president Biden just did X, Y, and Z. What do you think about it? Donald Trump just did X, Y and Z. What do you think about it? And watch them give two completely different answers. I wanna hear President Biden, just as is offering $1,000 of taxpayer money to immigrants who are here illegally to self deport. President Biden wants to give taxpayer money to people who are here illegally to go back to their home countries.


How do you feel about that? I'm gonna say that the maga, the Trump supporter is going to have a much different answer to that question than the things they are saying about Donald Trump's idea to do just that, that he announced today. That's all I'm saying. We should 100% do this. Let's hit up our guy, Adam Achler and next Trump rally that he appears at. He should do that exact question that you just posed, but put, president Biden just did this or, or President Biden did this during his administration, the $1,000. What do you think about this? And just get the responses. It's a great job for Mackler. Great job. Yeah, we'll, we talk, we'll talk about it. I mean, president Biden's comprehensive bipartisan immigration bill would've enhanced immigration judges in order to expedite deportations of people who may have criminal histories or who shouldn't be here.


But it would be done in a respectful way that preserved human dignity. And Donald Trump killed that bill. And now Donald Trump's whining and saying, well, we can't, we can't do trials anymore. That that was one, I don't need to play all these clips of Trump, but Trump says, we don't, We don't need, there's too many trials that are happening. I won judges who don't do trials. Huh? You don't, you want judges who don't do trials. Again, Jordy, if former President Biden said that it would be an impeachable offense. I mean, any one of these things would be impeachable offenses, invoke the 25th Amendment type stuff. And, and it would've happened and, and, and it would've happened. Other news that's going under the radar, I guess pun intended.


Newark Airport radar loss left controllers blind for 90 seconds. Air traffic controllers guiding planes bound for Newark. Liberty International Airport, lost radar and Radio Communications for more than a minute. Early last week before flights at the Key Hub were snarled for days, according to people familiar, this was apparently such a traumatic event for the people who worked in air traffic control, that they basically took stress leave. And they're already being worked so hard because of all the firings that have taken place, that there's just not the resources there. I think one air traffic controller on background told CNN Do not fly into Newark Airport.


We are an unsafe airport. Don't come here. Was what CNN reported. And you know, now what you're seeing the Trump regime secretly tried to do is now rehire people that were fired. And I've had a number of members of Congress who I've been interviewing who said that's what they're doing. They don't want talk about it. They're trying to rehire all of these people who they fired 'cause they don't have the staff to actually run the government anymore. And, you know, there's a lot of bad things that can happen. Well, I guess that memo didn't go to Secretary Defense, Pete Hegseth, he's ordered Senior Pentagon leadership to cut the number of four star generals and admirals by at least 20% across the military.


According to a memo signed by Hegseth dated Monday and obtained by CNN Hegseth, a Fox News host with nowhere near the character. And with no experience to be in the position as defense secretary wants to get rid of four star Generals, he thinks that we don't need four star generals and we should gut them. He also wants to add $1 trillion to the defense budget. But in adding the $1 trillion or for a total of $1 trillion, before it was like 850 billion, they wanted the total defense budget to be $1 trillion.


But I guess not pay for the best generals to remain on and cut them and, and fire the best generals. So that was going on. And then there's just a number of things that go under the radar too that I'd be remiss if I didn't highlight here. Like 19 states and Washington DC have sued the Trump administration over the dismantling of the Department of Health and Human Services. The lawsuit says Trump and RFK Jr systematically deprived HHS of the resources necessary to do its job by firing 10,000 workers. Here are just some examples that are given in the lawsuit of the type of havoc the Trump regime has caused across the entire health system.


Like this is happening right now on a daily basis. This is why I describe this moment, like a don't look up moment, minor suffering from black lung disease have been left unprotected. As congressionally mandated surveillance programs were abruptly shut down, workers have lost reliable access to N95 masks following the closure of the nation's only federal mask approval Laboratory key centers for disease control and prevention. CDC Infectious Disease Laboratories have been shuttered, including those responsible for testing and tracking measles, effectively halting the federal government's ability to monitor, monitor the disease nationwide.


Hundreds of employees working on mental health and addiction treatment, including half of the entire workforce at the Substance abuse and Mental Health Services Administration have lost their jobs and the regional offices are closed. Pregnant women and newborns are now at risk after the firing of the entire CDC maternal health team and Head Start centers could face closures after many regional employees at the office of Head Start. Were let go the World Trade Center Health Program, which provides life-saving care to more than a hundred and thirty seven nine eleven first responders and survivors has lost the doctors needed to certify new cancer diagnoses, leaving the American heroes without access to healthcare they deserve.


Also, you know, I could just, I could go across agencies, right? The Department of of Education has defunded $2 billion worth of mental health programs and assistance for students the way MAGA Republicans say it's never the guns, it's just mental health and the guns have nothing to do with it. Well, now you're defunding all of the mental health research and efforts to help children at schools as the Department of Education Shutters. And what are they spending their money on? $400 million gold plated, new versions of Air Force One Ball, lavish ballrooms, Donald Trump golfing, and the whole staff showing up at Mar-a-Lago as Donald Trump says that that little girls should only have two dolls based on what he wants.


Little girls, two dolls, five pencils, not 250 pencils. I I mean, it's absurd. It's absurd when you look at it. Now, let, let me just show you one of these clips. As I said, I was gonna show it. Donald Trump in the Oval Office being asked if he thinks it's offensive, that he posted this image of himself, himself as the pope. Let's just play one of these clips, Okay? Yes ma'am. Thank you Mr. President. Some Catholics were not so happy about the image of you looking like the Pope. Oh, I see. You mean they they can't take a joke. You don't mean the Catholics, you mean the fake news media? Not the Catholics loved it. Kyle Dolan. I had nothing to do with it. Somebody made up a picture of me dressed like the Pope and they put it out on the internet.


That's not me that did it. I have no idea where it came from. Maybe it was ai, but I know nothing about it. I just saw it last evening. Actually, my wife thought it was cute. She said, isn't that nice? My question about it, actually, I would not be able to be married though. That would be a lot. I'd have to, to the best of my knowledge, pop aren't big on getting married, are they? Not that we know of. No. No. I think it's the fake news media that, you know, they, they're fakers. When I see Roger Goodell, thank you Mayor Bowser. There's Roger Goodell and Roger Goodell, the commissioner of the NFL, right?


How much money does good? He makes $55 million a year, or $60 million a year or something absurd, right? So the guy's probably worth $500 million, may maybe more right now, right? He, he is more money than than 20 generations or 30 generations or even more would would ever need. Right? And just to think about being there laughing at that, you know, it, it, it, it, it is why it is, it's, it's, it's why you really need diverse leadership because to, to see him.


So just so is there anything more weak than seeing a Goodell or a Bezos or a Zuckerberg, you know, and these people with men, not, let me be clear, men with, with billions of dollars Who, who you know, Donald, whatever you tell, what is it? Like, what, what are you only live once? As far as I know you're gonna go about your life just humiliating yourself like that. Like do, do, do the bros back at, at the NFL Office school. And You, you've nailed that Goodell. Good job. Goodell. You, you, you, you, you were right there, man.


So powerful. What the hell is that? Honestly? Get you, and by the way, Goodell was right there after George Floyd's murder doing the video, you know, in the basement. I, I I made big mistakes. We haven't been as diverse as we should be. I wanna apologize to Colin Kaepernick. Remember he did that video? Yeah, I mean, I, I I know you remember he did that video very intimately. 'cause you were very involved in all that. But it's like, I I, I really don't get, whether it's, you know, Goodell, whether it's Jeff Bezos, mark Zuckerberg, like all these people, it's like, what's, what's the point of being that rich if like, you're gonna just be so subservient to anybody? Like, isn't the point, isn't the point of having that kind of money so that you could like not, so you could have the freedom to not do that.


Like you really needed to base and humiliate yourself like this. Like, just every single day. I just, I cannot fathom it. And yes, you know, Donald Trump posted it on his account, his follower and the White House then reposted it, the president of the United States account then reposted it. It's not like he was, it's not like it was an accident. And this is also the guy, of course, who all the Trump supporters go. He writes his own content. He writes his own tweet. That's why I love him. 'cause he, he does everything himself. Okay? So now he doesn't do everything himself, just like sometimes I just wish they could take the l move on. But they can't because they just need to constantly try to own the libs. And in this situation in particular, you know, they're actually upsetting people who are in mourning right now. They're upsetting Catholics who are mourning Pope Francis.


And now he's just out there mocking 'em. It's not the liberal media who's upset about this. It's the people who he's speaking about. It's the people that he is openly mocking. That's why we've seen Catholic bishops speak out. That's why we've seen other Catholic organizations speak out against this. And Donald Trump just continues to double down and triple down on what is going on here. And that's why you saw Carl Rove. I, I I, I gotta say Ben, I'm, I'm, the only thing I'm upset about with you is that in the past few weeks you've played clips that made me agree with Carl Rove and Steve Bannon and Coulter and things like that. Like, I don't like that. Then I need to take a shower after this episode. I just not, well, Brad, to be fair, Carl Rove spends the first three minutes before going into the criticism, knowing Trump watches it, like saying he's been so great.


You've been so great on deportations. You've been so, you, so there's that. Yeah. So like, it's not just all criticism. So I, I I, I, I will, I will say that first. Well, I feel like, I feel like what Fox is constantly trying to be though to Trump in many ways is like a crisis PR firm and also a little bit of like a therapist for Trump and like a, you know, like a, like an informal advisor to Trump, and they're trying to nudge him in the right direction constantly. You see Laura Ingram doing this all the time, trying to be like, you know, they try to play to his ego, you know, he'd be really strong if he did X, Y, and Z. It's like, it's so pathetic when you actually kind of pick up on the cues that they're trying to send to Donald Trump. But Carl Rove is a guy, obviously he was, you know, the evil mastermind of like the Bush administration.


And he knows the data, he knows the numbers, he knows what's happening out there. He knows how bad things are looking for Republicans in the midterms. So he, that's his, this is his way of saying like, dude, you, you gotta, you gotta reel these things in. Like, you gotta at least pretend to care about, you know, prices. You gotta at least pretend to care about any of this stuff that people actually elected you for because you are spiraling right now. You are completely off the rails. And so what does Trump do? Trump just attacks the guy. Jordy, what are your thoughts? I just wanted to say this before we show that clip l Laura Ingraham, basically, not basically Laura in Grham dictates policy on her show because she knows Trump is watching and she knows that she could kind of handhold hide the medicine, get these points through to Trump every night on Fox.


I just gotta go back for our audio listeners, please head to the YouTube we just gave, we're, we're at 4.8 million Subscribe Meidas on our YouTube brothers. We're about to hit 5 million. Let's go subscribe to the YouTube channel if you haven't. Sorry, quick aside there, audio listeners, if you go to the YouTube and you watch that clip of Roger Goodell and that shite grin, it'll just make you wanna throw your laptop or your phone or whatever you have in your hand. Because Brett, I'm gonna say this way less eloquently than you did. What is the point of having fuck you money if you can't say fuck you? Like that is such, he just gotta eat that. He's just sitting back there eating whatever Trump is saying, talking about the fake news media Catholics aren't offended. I didn't post the image of me being the Pope.


I I mean this utter, it's lunacy. And you got, you know, by all means, a a relatively smart guy, or at least someone who's perceived as this, the commissioner of the NFL Big, strong, tough, you know, a brilliant business mind just sitting back there, bright red, chuckling. Donald, you're so funny, Donald, this is the fun. You're hilarious, dude. You are such a pathetic spineless individual. Roger Goodell. It's my example. Don't look up like if you, if you go and watch this movie too, you know, they bring on the scientists who have done the math and they know the asteroid is going to hit, and then the reporters are like, so tell us about that little science project that you did right there.


So tell, tell us about that. And then they were more focused on the fact that the Leonard Bernardo DiCaprio character was like, handsome. So they were like, look at the stud, you know, astronomer. And they were focused like on, on like the looks. And you know, you had, you had the, the, the president there was like in a scandal of like sexting things and like nude photos were out there. And so finally they wanna help. I don't wanna ruin the movie, so, so watch them, you know, it's, it's worth watching. But they're focused on all of the distractions. And then there's like, like the pop star breaks up with her boyfriend and they get back together and that's everybody wants to talk about.


And then the people like, yeah, but the a the asteroid is, it's, it's going to, it's going to hit. And then, you know, here with Trump's saying, it's like a miracle. It's all gonna go away. It's not, you know, and you know, it's not because even the Wall Street Journal is trying to speak through its pages of, of, hey, there's, there's a, there's real issues happening here. And you know, Carl Rove and Trey Gowdy. Trey Gowdy is a former MAGA republican congress member, right? He was the one who led the Benghazi hearings, right? So this guy's a MAGA guy who's host this show on Fox, or he fills in, let me just show you three clips from this. Let, let's, let's play the first clip first, Brett, To you, I sat beside you and Speaker McCarthy in the groom room the night Donald Trump won.


If I'd asked you that night what the mandate for the president was, what he was receiving, what would you have said? Secure the border. Stop inflation, get rid of this. DEI foolishness. Make America strong and respected again on the world stage and rebuild our military. Alright? And if you were to give a progress report, I'm not into grades, but a progress report, I, I, I think sometimes people read a mandate too broadly. They think if I'm elected, I'm empowered to do whatever the heck I want. I don't remember any talk about Canada or Greenland or the Pope or deporting US citizens the night he was elected.


Yeah, no, not at all. Now let me show you another clip from that interview. Let's play It. Two things. He's having success. The others, it's sort of incomplete, you know, we're inflation. The, the president is, you know, saying get gas is a dollar 90. I, I just filled up my tank. It ain't a dollar 90 and we do not have it. Have inflation ta tap down to 2%. And, and we're gonna, and we we're on the risk of having a jump up, at least in a one time way if these tariffs are put in place. And there's a lot of concern about the economy, the president's ratings on the handling of the economy. And if tariffs are in the thirties and his overall approval now is in the mid to low forties, and that's not a good place to be.


A hundred days in plenty of time to turn that around. But he's gotta be focused on those two things. I think that people wanted One more clip. Let me show you this one. The safety net that had been basically now being put back together for those communities, which was being overburdened by the illegal immigration. So get the American people. So they have, as they say, you told, you said you'd do it and you did it, and we appreciate it. But again, the important thing is, is that we elected him for a variety of reasons that were important. Inflation, the border, DEI, the military respect for America and things like pro, you know, just tweeting out a picture of you as the pope is deeply offensive to a great many people going out there and saying, for example, this guy from Maryland, I don't know whether he is a good guy or a bad guy.


I don't know if he's a gang member or not. But the fact is, is bring him back to the United States. Lay out the facts in, in, in a court of law and, and get it done. Don't, don't, don't, it does no good to let that thing go out there for four or five weeks and eat away at the, the president's approval on immigration. Take a look at the difference between approval ratings on the border where he is in positive territory by good margin and handling the issue of immigration, which includes these other things and it's significantly less. And he is upside down. That shows the discernment of the American people, You know, and some other good news to report as well. I mean, it's pretty wild to hear, to hear that on Fox. I I, I I disagree with some of the premise of why people voted for him that Grove was saying.


I mean, Trump did a rug pull, he's a Ponzi schemer, he's a fraud, he's a felon, he's a sexual abuser. I mean, he, he lied, he lied to the people about the things he was gonna do, and now he's saying it was a joke and the fake news shouldn't have taken it seriously. I mean, that's the most ridiculous and offensive thing. The good news is that earlier we learned that US District Court Judge Richard Myers in North Carolina ordered the North Carolina State Board of Elections to certify the win for Democratic Supreme Court. Justice Allison Riggs to the Supreme Court seat in North Carolina rejected all of the Mag candidate Griffin's election protests. The judge stayed the order for one week. So Griffin may appeal, and then separately, even outside of this order, we had previously reported how Allison Riggs also got some good news over some of the, of the vote counting, even though she won the first time, she won the recount and then the MAGA candidate tried to challenge it and got the MAGA court of appeals to agree with him.


Then the MAGA Supreme Court in North Carolina partially agreed, Alison Justice, Alison Riggs was able to get some, you know, was able to, I think, identify a lot of the voters anyway, but that wasn't a sure thing, but it's a great ruling. It will go on appeal, but it was a good ruling by the district court judge. So, look, we covered a lot on today's, covered a lot on today's episode. As Jordy, as you said, we can cover all of these things at the same time. But the common thread throughout all of this is we should look up right. We, we, we need to see it. We can't bury our heads, we have to recognize it, and we have to fight back against it.


And there's more of us than there are them. They have fear, they have threats, they have intimidation, they have lies. But we have the truth. We have hope, we have our passion, we have our love of democracy. And, and that's what's going to prevail. So keep your power, don't let them take your power away ever. We'll be with you every step of the way here at the Midas Touch Network, on the podcast, through all of our hosts, through all of our network of other channels. And it's an honor to do this job each and every day. That's all I gotta say, Brett, anything you wanna say? I'm just gonna toss it over to Jordy. Shout out to the Midas my day. The Midas


Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.