
I can say to my new Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra, Hey, find a keto friendly restaurant nearby and text it to Beth and Steve and it does without me lifting a finger so I can get in more squats anywhere I can. 1, 2, 3. Will that be cash Or credit? Credit? Four Galaxy S 25 Ultra. The AI companion that does the heavy lifting so you can do you get yours@samsung.com compatible. Select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input check responses for accuracy.


PayPal Lets you pay all your pals like your dinner dates. How Are we splitting the bill evenly? Well, I only got soup. Let's split it on PayPal. Based on what people ate, Get started in the PayPal app, a PayPal account is required to send and receive money.


That sound is the leaky shower head that came with your place. Stop settling for someone else's shower and swap it for the relaxing feel of a Moen shower head to see how one easy change changes everything. Moen


Now by Xfinity Internet, mobile and tv. That feels just right, like getting concert tickets, pre-sale before online brokers. Raise the price. That's the feeling you get with now. Internet. Internet just right for endless video calls, streaming every season of that show you're obsessed with and staying connected on multiple devices. All with no annual contracts, unlimited data and equipment included. Yet now internet starting at $30 a month. All in now by Xfinity. It's just right. Restrictions apply. Speeds up to 100 megabits per second. Actual speeds vary pricing subject to change.


When a vehicle is certified by Volvo, it's much more than a certified pre-owned. It's certified for that road trip. You've been meaning to take certified for your growing family, certified for small steps and big leap, no matter where the road ahead may take you the season. Volvo hopes you enjoy every moment and are confident in the certified by Volvo vehicle you've trusted to take you there. Contact your Volvo retailer today.


Let me show you what kleptocracy and Oligarchy looks like earlier today. Donald Trump setting up a prop stage using kids as pawns in the White House to announce the elimination of the Department of Education via executive order. Here was Trump announcing it, But I believe we'll get it done today. We take a very historic action that was 45 years in the making. In a few moments, I will sign an executive order to begin eliminating the Federal Department of Education once and for all.


And it sounds strange, doesn't it? Department of Education, we're gonna eliminate it and everybody knows it's right and the Democrats know it's right and I hope they're gonna be voting for it because ultimately it may come before them, but everybody knows it's right. Let me show you what Oligarchy and kleptocracy looks like while they're gutting the Department of Education, abolishing the Department of Education, picking on poor kids, disabled kids, kids who need a meal at school, kids who need an opportunity to go to higher education. What are their priorities? Well, Donald Trump's billionaire commerce secretary, Howard Lutnick, has been giving a media tour, one selling Tesla robots for $30,000.


Write $30,000. Everybody play the clip. Elon Musk is probably the best person to bet on I've ever met, and I think we all know that. I mean, gosh, in the same week that he saves astronauts with his rockets that he invented, imagine that he's building. He's building the coolest robots you've ever seen. Go online and look up Optimus. It is the coolest thing you've ever seen. We're all gonna be buying robots. They're gonna cost about $30,000. You're gonna be buying a Tesla robot. And anybody who doesn't buy a Tesla robot is going to be silly. No one's gonna be keying anything. Donald Trump's billionaire secretary as part of his media tour, telling people to buy Tesla stock, pumping up the price of Tesla To build the next generation technology.


I think if you wanna learn something on this show tonight, buy Tesla. It's unbelievable that this guy's stock is this cheap. It'll never be this cheap again. When people understand the things he's building, the robots he's building, the technology he's building, people are gonna be dreaming of today. And Jesse Waters them thinking, gosh, I should have bought Elon Musk's stock. I mean, who wouldn't invest in Elon Musk? You gotta be kidding. All pulling away the opportunities from children while picking on veterans. Who is the Trump regime? Giving opportunities to Russian and Chinese oligarchs to purchase Trump cards for the price of $5 million per card to get automatic citizenship in the United States.


Let's say we sell a million of them. That's $5 trillion. We are now a unbelievably successful country paying down tremendous amounts of debt. It's all going to pay down debt. We're gonna have very little debt separate funds. But if you did think of it, if you did $5 million, now You just do $5 million and you multiply and buy a million oligarch cards. And just think about how that's how we're gonna get rich for the, I mean, Donald Trump has sold crap his entire life and his stuff has gone bankrupt over and over again. Also, we know that Donald Trump has referred to veterans as suckers and losers before.


So how do you think Donald Trump's VA secretary, former MAGA Republican Congress member, Doug Collins, who's now the VA secretary, what's his guidance and advice to all of the veterans out there who are losing their benefits, losing healthcare, losing their jobs? His advice is get over it. People get fired all the time. Shut up. Look, it's difficult. I've been fired. I've been let go. You have to make adjustments and you have to make changes. But the, the organization that they made, for whatever reason, the organization made that term for me or for anybody else. So we're always gonna be there to help them find jobs, get the counseling, get their healthcare, get whatever they need. As we go through this change, look at what your skillset is.


Look at what you've been, you know, you had from the military. Look at the background. There are people out there who need people to work in in high performing jobs. They need high performers. Veterans are high performers. They're some of the best people that I know because I've worked with 'em for 23 years in the Air Force and two years in the Navy. So this is a time, maybe as an opportunity to find a different focus, a different career, An opportunity for you. You're getting fired from your job. Doesn't matter. Old you are, just view it as an opportunity. There are all these like fast talkers too. They all look like these, these, these Trumpers, these magdas, they're all fast talkers. They look like they're people from infomercials. All you gotta do is it's like, okay, what are you even talking about? How could you be so utterly cruel?


And speaking of the cruelty, when I said, I'll show you what kleptocracy and Oligarchy and authoritarian regime looks like. Not surprisingly, we're learning about the identity now of some of the migrants who Donald Trump shipped off to concentration camps in El Salvador where nobody is able to hear from them. And we're learning that Donald Trump has just said, oh, because of this person's tattoo and because of the way they were holding up their hands that they are terrorists, that they are enemy combatants who should be thrown in concentration camps. The lawyer of an individual who was sent to El Salvador saying that the tattoo was a real Madrid tattoo, that their client, who they haven't heard from, was a professional soccer player from Venezuela who sought asylum in the United States the right way using the asylum app.


That's how the Trump regime even got access to their identity because they did it through the lawful app process. And then the hand gesture that the Trump regime said was a gang sign was actually the sign for peace. But on that basis, the Trump regime says enemy combatant, no due process shipped to El Salvador, never to be heard from again. Now I'll show you the fight. As I introduce Brett and Jordy. Take a look at this crowd right here for the audio listeners. I'm showing a photo right now of the fight, the oligarch tour of Bernie Sanders of a OC, of other members of Congress who are fighting the Oligarchy.


3,200 people turning up in Las Vegas, bigger than the crowds that Donald Trump drew even during the election. And we're gonna talk about fighting the Oligarchy on this show. Brett and Jordy, What's going on, Ben? What's going on? Jordy? What's up everybody listening and watching? It's good to be here with you. A lot of news to cover a lot is going on. I think it was just, what, like two days ago or something? Three days ago when we played some of these clips from Lutnick, some older clips of him on Fox and and whatnot, and we were comparing him to a sleazy, used Carl, Carl salesman. And just two or three days later, he's literally going on TV to sell a car salesman stock.


I think he is a little, a little on brand for this guy. And just completely unethical. It's gotta be illegal. Like just this whole entire administration is just for the oligarchs by the oligarchs, and it's all about trying to protect themselves and make themselves richer. It's so obvious what is going on as they extract the wealth from the people, from the working. People try to make people's lives that much more difficult while they give money to their billionaire buddies. It's happening every single day and we're seeing it. And also, of course, the cruelty is the point, Ben seeing the stuff about the immigration, the deportations. But honestly, deportation isn't even a good enough word for what we are seeing.


Maybe kidnappings, abductions. What we are seeing right now is Donald Trump's gestapo going out there in the form of ice, going out there and whisking people off the streets, sending them to El Salvadorian prison camps without any due process whatsoever. And I said it last week, I said it in the last show. I said, they wanna trap you. They want to trap you in this argument, this false choice between you could either support what he's doing or you support the criminals. That is a false choice. That is bullshit. What is actually happening here is they want to violate the law carte blanche, and they wanna make up excuses to do it. So they make the excuse and they say, well, these are violent gang members.


The violent gang members are that we're getting them out of the country. Everybody should like that. And you go, okay, but how do you know that? Trust me, just trust me. I said, they're a gang member, so you gotta trust what I am saying. Well, you don't really have a history of being honest Donald Trump or Tom Holman or Steven Miller, so we're gonna need some more proof on that. That's what due processes, that's why we have a United States constitution. And it seems like every day now we are learning more and more things, more and more horror stories from lawyers of people who were sent over there who have zero gang affiliation whatsoever. Been like the soccer player who you mentioned. This story is horrific. A Venezuelan, a professional soccer player who was tortured by the Maduro regime, came to the United States seeking asylum, did everything the right way, was here in this country legally.


I wanna make that clear. Was here doing things the right way. But what this administration decided they would do is they said, okay, here's how we're going to deport people. Here's how we're going to abduct people. I should say what it actually is. We are going to come up with gang identification criteria, and we're going to say, if you meet two gang identification criteria, then you get abducted and thrown to an El Salvadorian concentration camp. If you meet one, then you are gang affiliated. You are gang associated. What are the criteria? Well, in this case, it was the fact that the guy just had a tattoo. It was a Royal Madrid soccer tattoo. But they said, I'm not, you have a tattoo that's probably like a gang tattoo.


You're a gangster. So that's what they said, number one. Number two was him throwing up the like rock and roll sign with his hands. It's also the sign language for I love You, a very common pose. I'm doing it right now. Arrest me. I could say I'm part of a gang. But he had a picture like this up on his social media and they said, well, that's two for two, two gang criteria identified. We're taking you, we're sending you to El Salvador, to these prison camps to be ruthlessly manhandled by this prison, which treats people horrifically despite the fact that you didn't do anything wrong. And don't even question us on this. And this is in the courts right now. And the judge is demanding action. It looks like they're heading for a contempt ruling in court because they're being, they're refusing to actually say any information to the judge, just judge Boberg about these deportations because they know anytime they give more information, they are revealing that the entire thing is a scam.


And that's all MAGA is, guys, maga, the entire thing is built on a house of cards of lies. It's all a lie. It's all a scam. It's all propaganda. And it's all made possible in a lot of ways, thanks to a complicit media and thanks to a complicit social media with algorithms that push all this disinformation and lies at people all day in order to disin inform the public. That's what we are seeing. And that's the only way this house of cards exists. We'll talk about Canada soon, but you see what happens when the House of Cards collapses, like with the Conservative party in Canada, and little peepee over there, Pierre Pev, and we will talk, talk about little peepee and and what's going on over there. You like that nickname?


Jordy? That's a good one. Good one. Haven't heard that one yet. That's a plus. Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and what's going on over there as, as they tried to go full maga and now it is backfiring on them. We're gonna get, we'll get into all that. I don't wanna take up too much time because we haven't said a load of Jordy yet. Jordy what's happening? I'm excited to get into the show. We could just get into it, but I do just wanna say this before, Howard Lutnick, man, the commerce secretary. Howie Howie. Howie Howie. Alright, we're just gonna, what, what did the kids say? Ben Glazing. I think that's what he was doing to Elon Musk over there. Just glazing Musk. I mean, what in the heck were we just watching there? As we all know, the Tesla stock too is nose diving over the course of the last month or so.


And that's just because people are disgusted with the face of Tesla, Elon Musk because of, that's, That's why it's like, it's all, all, it's also pathetic Jordy, right? Because you know, they try to stick the DOJ Pam Bondi and they go, oh, anyone who protests in front of Tesla now are domestic terrorists or domestic terrorists. I saw there was a group that was organizing yesterday that was planning these, that is planning these various protests at Tesla dealerships across the country. And I saw all of these MAGA influencers online posting it. And it clearly said in what they were doing was, we wanna do peaceful protests, we wanna boycott Tesla products. We want to you, you know, show up at these dealerships peacefully. And they said, arrest these people, arrest these people.


This is terrorism. And that's what they want, right? They wanna crush descent. They wanna silence descent. And while they are laying off all of these people, they then try to make the argument about Tesla. Oh, so you hate American companies? Oh, so you hate electric cars now? No, I don't hate electric car. Whatcha talking about nobody hates electric cars. Did you, when you protested Bud Light and took an AK 47 or whatever you were doing and you were shooting beer cans, it was, it pe hatred of beer because it's the same kind of concept here, but they, you know, it's just all built on lies. I saw them going after Tim Malls 'cause Tim Malls was mocking the Tesla stock for collapsing. And they're like, oh, he's celebrating an American industry now. The House judiciary committee had the nerve to write that. Oh. So now we're celebrating the, you know, the a an American in an American company failing.


And meanwhile, they're the ones who every single day would go, go woke, go broke, bud Light, Disney target, you name it. And it just, the hypocrisy is just endless with these folks. And the more they go into tries to, so I was just saying the more this MAGA crowd tries to boost Elon's stock with the public, Tesla's gonna continue to nose dive. He, he, he can't escape it at this point. There's no turning back. If you run a committee where you allow big balls to go and fire grandpa, you know, I'm gonna be fucking mad. I'm gonna be really, really pissed. Sorry, I swore I'm gonna be mad. And it's gross to have this guy going in there cutting social security, cutting government jobs, completely unchecked.


It's unlike anything we've ever seen. The whole Tesla thing. It has to do with Elon Musk being a piece of crap human being that should be nowhere near government, let alone acting as the defacto president then. And I wanna be clear, we all want efficient government. We all want government that works smartly and efficiently. And this is all one of those other traps they set the same way they set the traps with, oh, you support gangs. Oh, you don't support efficiency. Of course you support efficient government. We all want it. But that doesn't mean taking a sledgehammer to every agency and making it so that elderly folks can't call the social security office to get help with their social security. That doesn't mean just firing hundreds of thousands of federal employees and then being like, oh shit, we just fired the nuclear team.


Oh, that's a bad idea. Like when presidents have historically actually focused on efficiency like a Bill Clinton, for example. They did it methodically. They did it over many months. They did it in an organized fashion, in a targeted fashion. What we are seeing right now is just a complete obliteration of the United States government and the American people are suffering because of it. You know, the nagas are able to go right back into their whiny maga victimhood cocoon. And then they have Oh, so I guess you're saying that you, you, you support the terrorists? I I guess that's what you're saying, right? I I guess you're saying that you hate American companies, right? Oh, they hate American companies.


American company. Oh, I guess you're saying that you support the, the actions of, of the gangs, that's what you're with, or, oh, look, it's an unfair judge. Here comes the judge, these radical left activist judges, and it's like, okay, judge Boberg was first appointed by George W. Bush. But you see what I had to do? There was say a sentence. I had to explain it. And what happens in the framework of the way corporate media works is when I explain it, the sentence has to be articulated. Whereas the MAGA just have a ch ra ra radical left Soros, radical left Soros, and they repeat that over and over again.


And then you get kind of a both sides. And I'm like, George W. Bush appointed this guy first, then Obama did appoint him after, but he was first appointed by George W. Bush. And there was a time where these judgeships granted were political in the sense they were appointed by leaders, but it wasn't viewed as the way Donald Trump has attacked the judiciary in Jordan. You talk about the glazing by Howard Lutnick and these Magdas of Donald Trump, they go on state regime media, fox, where they spread these lies. You called it glazing, I call it Lauren Bobert at a Beetlejuice concert is basically what, what it looks like with these mags are doing there.


Ba boom. That, that was the joke I was trying to tell before I had it locked and ready. Oh, saying, you gotta be So mad that you didn't get that one out. I had it, I had it in and ready to go. I was debating sacrificing the joke, you know, because it was four minutes after I had it teed up. Yeah, but you made a good point, Jordy, but I still had to do the joke anyway. And it's always great when you ares self self-referential about jokes. That always makes sense. That's, Those are the best jokes. Those are always the best Jokes. The best type of jokes is when you is, when you frame 'em as a joke. Let me share this with you though. I had the opportunity to speak to the head of the teachers union, Randy Weingart a few weeks back when we anticipated Donald Trump was going to do this. And I just think it's important for everybody to know what the Department of Education does and doesn't do.


The Department of Education does not set state level school curriculum. The states run the school systems. That's why certain states have better school systems than others. Usually the blue states happen to have better school systems than the red states. And often because the red states don't adequately fund their education, the federal government has to go more into the red states to help in the areas where the red states are particularly harming their students when it comes to like lunches and disabled students and poor students and things like that. But I thought it was important to just show you this clip. So we appropriately frame that this whole entire attack on the Department of Education from the outset, claiming that the Department of Education is running state level education is just false to begin with.


And what they're really going at is to target the most vulnerable, again, to pickpocket from them at the services that are needed to give them to their oligarch friends, I guess. So they could all buy Tesla robots for $30,000 a pop. And I won't go back and make the Beetlejuice joke for what they, anyway, go, go, go play the clip. So when you get to education, it's like the epitome of taking away opportunity. The, as you said, the states run schools right now, localities run schools right now. The federal government, the law that we did in a bipartisan way that we helped shepherd through in the, in the last days of the Obama administration says that the Department of Education can't do curriculum.


It can't be the human resource officer of the of, of, of schools. It basically is there to fill in opportunity gaps and to ensure that a kid who feels, a kid who feels like there's an anti-Semitic incident that happened, a kid who is disabled or a kid with disabilities who's not getting the services, they can go to the Department of Education and say, help me help. And, and the funding and I, this will be my last point, the funding. The funding is for poor kids. The funding is for kids with disabilities. The funding is for Career Tech Ed Pathways.


The funding is for kids who are trying to become English proficient. The funding is for rural kids. The funding is for kids who are, are going to college as the first one in their, in, in, in their, in their families, the first generation to go to college. And they're trying to make it work and have a little scholarship. That's why you saw that kids are basically saying, I'm having none of this because they see their futures being snatched. One of the most disgusting things about this disastrous press conference that Donald Trump held in the White House was also that he was using the kids as props. He built a fake classroom in the White House and he had kids who were clapping for the destruction of their future to set up that Kim Jong-Un style photo op.


And as I said, folks, as long as I have this microphone and this platform with my brothers and this incredible network that you all at the Midas Mighty have helped build, we will continue to speak truth to power and we will not back down to discuss what is really happening here. And look, we're grateful. I'm sure you saw some of the stats that now the Midas Touch Network and the Midas Touch Podcast specifically is almost basically double the downloads of the Joe Rogan podcast, more about double. And the Midas Touch Network gets about 2 million more views a day than Fox News. That's thanks to all of you. Make sure you spread the word about this network.


Leave those five star reviews on the audio podcast component of this. Those Rogan people like to spam us with one star reviews and try to tank the show. So it actually is very helpful if you go leave five star reviews, really, it's helpful. So make sure you leave five star reviews there. Make sure you subscribe to the audio podcast and to the YouTube channel. Don't worry, we're not going anywhere. We're about to come back after our first quick break of the show. The show's not even close to being over. For those new people to the Midas Touch podcast, I wanna remind everybody as well patreon.com/midas touch. We're gonna be announcing very shortly when our next Zoom meeting's gonna be.


We don't have outside investors, so we would love to see you in person by becoming a patron. It helps patreon.com/midas touch and also go to midas plus.com. That's where our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski cooks his daily summaries cover everything that went on in the day. If any of our YouTube, TikTok, Instagrams, you name it, miss something, Ron makes sure he covers it all on those daily summaries. Let's take our first quick break of the show. When we come back, I wanna highlight some of these powerful pro-democracy voices who we've had the opportunity to interview here from Bernie Sanders to Abigail Span Berger, to JB Pritzker, to Andy Beshear, to Wes Moore and more.


We'll be right back and share with you some of these incredible interviews we've done and we should talk about what's happening at this Bernie a OC fight, the oligarch tour. Folks, it is getting bigger and bigger with those crowd sizes. We'll be right back after our first quick break.


Alright, let's talk about aging better. Have you heard about Lytics? It's a class of ingredients discovered less than 10 years ago, and scientists are calling it one of the biggest breakthroughs for healthy aging and staying in your prime. I've been using qua lytic and I feel the difference. You only take it two days a month and it helps your body eliminate senescent cells, also known as zombie cells, old and worn out, and not serving a useful function for our health anymore, but they're taking up space and nutrients from our healthy cells. For me, that's meant higher energy levels, faster recovery and feeling it years younger. And it's made with science-backed ingredients, totally non GMO, vegan and gluten-free. So you know, you're putting quality into your body, plus there's a 100 day money back guarantee, so there is zero risk in trying it. So if you wanna resist aging at the cellular level, go to quality of life.com/midas for up to 50% off and use code Midas at checkout for an additional 15% off. That's Q-U-A-L-I-A life.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for an extra 15% off your purchase. Thanks to Lia for sponsoring today's episode.


You know what's really getting under my skin these days? The price of everything. I mean, seriously, gas prices are high. Food shopping feels like I'm emptying my bank account with every trip. And don't even get me started on how expensive hearing aids can be. Now, I've looked into them before for my family members and the price tag, it's just insane. It's like they think that we all have money growing from money trees or something in our backyards, but I have some good news. Did you know MD Hearing has actually cut their prices in half despite everything getting more expensive? I'm not kidding. This podcast is sponsored by MD Hearing and they are changing the game when it comes to hearing aids. They make high quality, easy to use, rechargeable hearing aids with exceptional sound quality, all personalized to your hearing profile. And guess what? MD Hearing neo rechargeable digital hearing aids are now only $297 for a pair that's more than 90% less than what you'd pay at a clinic. What's even better than neo fits right inside your ear. So it's practically invisible. And if that's not enough, MD Hearing just launched the Neo Xs their smallest hearing aid yet now my uncle has been using MD Hearing for a while, and let me tell you, he could hear so much better. The quality is just a game changer for him, and he absolutely loves them at just $297 for a pair. You're getting something that's as good as those other brand names, but way more affordable. And here's what other people are saying too. Edward s called MD Hearing the best hearing aid that I've used at any price. And Robert p from Texas said, these are the best hearing aids that you can buy. MD Hearing was founded by an ENT surgeon who saw how many people needed hearing aids but couldn't afford them. So he made it his mission to create affordable high quality hearing aids. They've sold over 2 million devices and they offer a 45 day risk free trial with a 100% money back guarantee. So you can buy with total confidence. Still not convinced MD Hearing was just selected to be hearing aids supplier for top Medicare Advantage plans. So you know, they're a brand that you can trust, get the high quality affordable hearing aids you deserve with MD Hearing. Go to shop MD Hearing dot com and use promo code Midas to get a pair of hearing aids for just $297. Plus you'll get a free extra charging case, a $100 value just for listeners of the Midas Touch podcast. That's shop MD Hearing dot com and use our promo code Midas to get a pair of hearing aids for just $297.


Let's go. Shout out to our sponsors links in description of the YouTube and the audio. Use the links, use the codes. If there's an exit survey, let them know we sent you some fabulous products, Qualia and MD Hearing, shout out to them. Benji, where to next? Brett, you mentioned That the Trump regime appears to be heading towards being held in contempt by that federal judge, judge Boberg. And to be clear, that's in connection with an order that Boberg issued earlier today, which is referred to as an order to show cause essentially why the Trump regime should not be held in contempt. Judge Boberg says that the Trump regime's response is woefully insufficient for the request that he made regarding basic information about the people who were kidnapped and sent to El Salvador.


And he's saying, look, if you want to invoke the State Secrets Act, if you're going to invoke special privileges, then invoke 'em. And then you have to make a special cause showing as it relates to the State Secrets Act. But Judge Boberg was the chief judge of the FISA courts, a very prominent position. So in terms of Donald Trump playing games over classified information or state secrets, you don't do that with anybody. But Boberg has one of the strongest institutional knowledges on this topic of any judge in the country. So it was a good draw that Judge Boberg actually got assigned this case.


Right? It's kind of the ultimate karma right there. And also, judge Berg's currently the chief judge of the Washington DC Federal Court, right? This isn't just like a random judge, not that they, they're just like random federal. It's tough to become a federal judge. He's the chief, he's the main guy, he's the chief judge of Washington DC This is who Donald Trump and the ags office, the DOJ are relentlessly attacking. And trust me that yeah, you have a few MAGA federal judges like Judge Kme in the Northern District of Texas. Look, Trump's gonna appoint a lot of bad MAGA judges in the future, but the current makeup of the judiciary right now is not that deeply entrenched Maga.


So judges across the country, whether there's still some Reagan appointees, George HW Bush appointees, George W. Bush appointees, Obama Clinton appointees, their p even Trump won appointees are looking at this and they don't like this behavior by the Trump regime. That's why even Chief Justice John Roberts of the Supreme Court stepped in and put out a rare public statement saying that you should not be speaking bad about judges publicly go through the normal appeals process. So that's what's going on. There should also be noted that many countries are now placing travel advisory warnings on the United States, warning the citizens of their countries basically not to go to the United States.


Or if you do go, you could end up in ice detention or worse, could there even be a worse Yeah. Sent to concentration camps in El Salvador. Essentially, as you read these advisories, although they don't use this exact language, United States has become a totalitarian regime that doesn't protect people's rights. And so be very careful if you are in this country. So there's a component of detention, there's also a component of safety as America guts, essential government services. And then there's a basic component of health. There's like measles outbreaks, right? And just basic hygiene and sanitation that's now lacking in the United States as the Trump regime, guts basic health services and basic sanitation services here in the United States.


You, we, we put on the screen UK Germany's issued travel advisory notices. I think we're gonna start seeing that throughout the EU and Australia and, and and elsewhere. I think it's just gonna become kind of an international thing. And you know, America, you know, as we know, Trump has placed the America in the access of evil with the Russia and North Korea and Hungary. And by the way, mass protest and Budapest there against the Orban regime there, you know, and when Trump voted against a resolution condemning Russia's unlawful invasion of Ukraine in the un, I mean, the Trump regime is now viewed as how democracies would view travel to North Korea or viewed travel to Russia or viewed travel, you know, to an authoritarian nation.


It's, it's sad, but that's the state of it. Let me share this with you, Charlie Angus, you know, one of our friends here at the Midas Touch Network who's become a powerful voice in Canada. He's always been, it's great to be able to highlight the, the great work that he's done. So he held the press conference earlier where he gave his own travel advisory warning. Now, to be very clear, Charlie Angus is not a leader in the government. He's a leader among the workers there. So when Charlie's saying this, this is just his own personal guidance. I want to be clear there, by the way, I want to give a shout out to Mark Carney, the new Prime Minister who I think is doing a great job.


I call, the way I call the dichotomy is you got the banker and then, then you got Donald Trump the bankrupt, right? You got Mark Carney who led the Bank of Canada and Bank of England as the governor of both through very difficult times. Then you've got Trump who's bankrupted everything he's touched. And we'll talk about this interesting dynamic as snap elections have now been called in Canada. What the implications of that are, what that means. I'll explain that to some of the our, our American audience. But first, let me show you Charlie Angus's travel advisory. Let's play it. Over the last three months, our nation has faced unprecedented threat from our nearest neighbor, a threat to our borders, our threat to our sovereignty, our threat to our very right to exist as an independent democratic nation.


Donald Trump thought we were gonna be an easy mark, that we'd be a pushover. Oh, how wrong he was. And now Canada standing up to him as made Canada the front line in the defense against the MAGA ideology. So no wonder Donald Trump and Maga are feeling pretty angry at Canada. But what concerns me is the targeting of Canadian citizens who are crossing the border to work or to visit. We have seen too many stories of citizens being pulled out of airport lines and being fingerprinted and deported as though they were criminals, citizens being kidnapped through the legal detention by ice.


And it's not just Canadians. We see the attack on backpackers, students, doctors, professors. I'm here today to say to Canadians to avoid travel to the United States if at all possible, and to call our government to stand up for our Canadian citizens who are being denied their rights by arbitrary detention in the United States. Today, the Canada must stand up for our citizens and for the rule of law because what we're seeing, for example, with cops pulling over the folk duo, Cassie and Maggie, to harass them be for being Canadian, is not the actions of a democratic nation.


People whose phones are being seized and searched for any kind of incriminating evidence that they're somehow progressive or woke. That's not the actions of a democratic nation. That is the creep of totalitarianism. That is the creep of fascism. And we need to call that out. You know, hearing someone say that Brett, from a foreign country like that is, you know, from Canada, from, from, you know, our, our ally. It's, it's, it's, it's true. Everything he's saying is true, which is, it's, it's sad to hear as an American what the Trump regime has done to this country. It's, it's humiliated. Our our standing in the world is, is as low as it's ever been. It's, it's really horrible. There are reports also that European military powers are currently planning a, they're working on a five to 10 year plan to replace the United States in nato.


You are seeing also, you know, Charlie's warning about the, the travel advisory and all these countries are, but a lot of these countries are already actively boycotting the United States as well. So much so that, like, this is a a, a pretty crazy story that came out yesterday. But a bunch of Canadian airlines right now are actually canceling flights to the United States, canceling flights. One airline's canceling their flights to Tennessee, one airline's canceling flights to a bunch of other US destinations. And a lot of something like 85% of travelers in the past month or something have canceled their flights or have said that they would not take any trips to the United States from Canada. And that is gonna really affect the United States, GDP, our tourism industry. And the beneficiary is gonna be places like the Caribbean and another places where Canadians are gonna go.


They're gonna spend their harder earned money at places that actually respect them. It's really unfortunate that we're seeing such horrific behavior. I think one of the interesting things though that's coming out of all of this is Canada had a party, their conservative party, Pierre Pev is their conservative party leader. And their strategy initially was to embrace Donald Trump. In fact, their strategy was to echo all the words of Donald Trump was to become mini Donald Trump's. And they thought, oh, that's hot down, you know, south over there across the border. So if we imitate that here, we should soar to a same victory because as we see across the world, these liberal democracies continue to fall and they're being replaced by these MAGA wannabes. So they implemented that strategy and for a while it was working, but I guess it becomes difficult to have your philosophy be sort of Canada first in that perspective when the person who you are supporting wants to destroy the very idea of Canada as a country and destroy your sovereignty.


And all of a sudden, folks like Pierre Pev and other people in the conservative party in Canada found themselves supporting a guy who wanted to destroy them and their country and their people. Now they're trying to actively run away from months and months and months of it, pretending that they were big Trump sort of guys, big maga sort of people in Canada. And meanwhile their polls are plummeting. The liberal party has just soared in the polls. There's been just an enormous shift in these elections. So now you have Mark Carney, he is reportedly going to be calling these snap elections that are gonna be held in April. According to the reports, it's a parliamentary system in Canada. He became the prime minister of following Justin Trudeau's resignation as party leader.


And it'll be Kearney ultimately, you know, it'll be the liberal party verse, the conservative party. And, and, and now the liberals are in the best possible situation to sort of victory after all of this. But you could just go back. I think one of the interesting things now is you are sort of seeing this coordination play out between the conservative party in Canada and between Donald Trump, because they know that Trump now is a curse, that any sort of support from Trump is actually extremely negative to their chances. So now they're trying to play this ridiculous game and it's like, how stupid do you think people are? Pierre Pev, how dumb do you think people are? Give me a break. So Donald Trump gave an interview the other day and, and he was sort of pretending like, oh yeah, I don't need the conservative party.


I may even get along better with the liberal leader. Yeah. Okay. And now Pierre Pev is trying to run with that. He put out this ridiculous statement that he got ruthlessly mocked for online, where he said last night, president Donald Trump endorsed Mark Carney. Why? And he first thought that's just a lie. He didn't endorse Mark Carney. Why? Because as Trump said, he's easier to deal with and know that I will be a tough negotiator and always put Canada first. Dude, you just were selling out your country. You were selling out your country's sovereignty to Donald fricking Trump. Don't even give me this. And I, you know, I'm not even gonna read the rest. Yeah. But, you know, just, just lies, lies, lies, lies, lies. Yeah. Pivot. That's who you gotta call it. The p pt, the PPE pivot.


And so little peepee over here, you know, you could go through his history and like, he would just mimic anything Donald Trump said. And like, we have the receipts. So I'll, I'll, I'll play you this clip for example, he Doesn't want to talk about Canada or Canadians. He'd rather spread falsehood about far away foreign lands. Mr. Speaker, We are Spending $170 billion for far away land, and they're right next door to that land and they're in for 20. I don't think so. No, we could, we could do some more. What page can you gimme a page? Gimme the page. Why should Canadians trust you with their vote? Given, you know, not not just the sort of ideological inclination in terms of taking the page of Donald Trump's book, but also Whatcha talking about what page?


What page can you gimme a page? Gimme the page. Fake news. Fake news. The left wing censorship regime, their Woke censorship Ideology have turned our once great cities into cesspools of bloodshed and crime Has unleashed a crime wave like we have never seen. We Have to stop with political correctness woke, Political correctness Defeating the radical left Radical leftist authoritarian agenda. We Want those great Canadian truckers to know that we are with them all the way. I'm proud of the truckers and I stand with them's Chance. Your organization, you're attacking our news organization, your organization. Can you give us a chance to ask? We, we have, we, we have basically a, a liberal heckler who's snuck in here today?


I'm what page? I mean the video speaks for itself. So you could try to distance yourself all you want from the guy, but frankly it looks embarrassing and it's actually shows how once this house of cards collapses, this whole maga sham just how weak and pathetic and embarrassing the whole thing looks like. Now you're trying to pretend like, oh, I wasn't actually like trump this whole time. And it just shows you, you know, once they're on, you know, I know things feel like super tough right now, right? Because you have Trump and these maga lunatics here in the US in control of all the branches of government. But it shows you how once they're sort of out of power and how that shift could happen super quickly. Like those conservatives, they thought they were a shoo-in, in Canada.


But once that flip happens, look how weak they look. They were in a position of strength. They thought they were invincible the same way the Maga people in the United States feel like they are invisible. Once that power shift happened, once there was that one inciting incident, in this case it was Trump essentially declaring economic war or worse on Canada. Once that switch flipped, look how the dynamic shifted. Look how the culture shifted. Look how the people shifted. And that Same thing could happen here in the United States. Brett Pierre Pev went on the far right wing Jordan Peterson podcast, which was then promoted heavily by Elon Musk. And this was a few months ago when he went on there too. He talked about woke this, woke that he talked about basically getting rid of healthcare for Canadians on it.


And yeah, we don't really need it. Maybe we should privatize it. Jordan Peterson goes, Canada's next prime minister, Pierre Pev and Elon Musk Go's great interview. This was all part of Elon Musk's far right wing strategy that he had. And you know, the people in Canada know they see what Musk and Doge are doing. They know that pp is Musk's doji boy in Canada. And the wrecking ball and the disaster that's happening now in the United States will certainly take place in Canada. If you have pp pp doji boy to Elon Musk, he's Elon Musk's doji boy, right?


Elon Musk will walk him, you know, and, and you'll see Elon Musk in Ottawa and Elon Musk will, you know, do all the things he's doing in the US there. And I think the Canadian people, you know, get in it. One of the biggest honors of my professional career in doing Midas Touch right at the top with a lot of, you know, with a lot of, with a lot of other things. But right at the top is the relationships that we built with our Canadian fan base right here and the Canadian members of the Midas Mighty. And, and, and I take that trust that you have all placed in us here in the United States. I I take that trust so seriously, I want you to know that. And we're so grateful for your support and we stand with you here and we get why you're boycotting.


We understand why you're doing everything that you're doing and we just wanna know that we fight with you here and, and, and we, we, you give us strength also. And you give the world strength showing that you how you stood up to Donald Trump. It's impressive, impressive stuff. I'll show you some other people who have given the world strength and who we're giving the United States strength, the real fighters right now I wanna highlight them. And now we've had the opportunity to interview most of them here on the Midas Touch and the others are hopefully lined up and will be happening soon. I'll share that with all of you. We're gonna take another break. I wanna remind everybody about midas plus.com. That is our substack, check it out.


It's where our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski cooks his daily summaries. Truly a must, must read. So please make sure you subscribe to midas plus.com. Also check out patreon.com/midas touch as well. We don't have outside investors, so we try to do fun things like those Zoom meetings for all of you where we get to meet you. That's at patreon.com/minus touch. Let's take our last quick break of the show.


February is the month of love. But why let Romance stop after Valentine's Day? Whether you're looking to turn up the heat in the bedroom or just unwind and enjoy the moment Via has you covered their bestselling high love gummy is a game changer. A blend of pleasure enhancing cannabinoids, libido boosting herbs, and a medium dose of THC to awaken your senses, increase blood flow and intensify any experience. And now via has dropped their high love bundle, pairing the gummies with A-T-H-C-A vape so you could unlock the full experience at an unbeatable price. I've tried V'S. Products and they truly stand out. They have these dreams sleep gummies that always help me unwind after a crazy day and after covering all the chaos in the world every single day, trust me, it helps a ton. Their hemp is sourced from independently owned American farms. Their formulas are vegan and organic. And whether you're looking to relax, sleep better or enhance your mood, they have something for you. Plus they ship legally and discreetly to almost every US state. No medical card required. If you're 21 or over, check out the link to Via in our description and use code Midas for 15% off. And if you're new to vy, you'll even get a free gift of your choice. After you order, let them know we sent you this month of love. Elevate your love life with Via.


Did you know if Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US With thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers? They have all the plants your yard needs, like fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs and so much more. Whatever plants you're interested in, Fast Growing Trees has you covered. Find the perfect fit for your climate and space. Fast Growing Trees makes it easy to get your dream yard order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days without ever leaving home. Their live and thrive guarantee ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape, choose the right plants, and learn how to care for them. I got a lemon tree from Fast Growing Trees and it's my favorite thing in my yard. I was worried about ordering plants online, but it arrived fresh, strong, and ready to plant. Plus now I get to just walk outside and pick my own citrus. Not to mention, it smells amazing every time I go out. And by the way, big yard, small yard, no yard at all. Doesn't matter. Fast Growing Trees has over 6,000 plants to fit any space. From indoor plants to fruit trees to full-sized privacy trees and more Fast Growing Trees has plant experts on call. So if you're like me and don't have a green thumb, they'll help you choose the right plant and keep it thriving This spring they have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to our show, get 15% off their first purchase when using the code Midas at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at Fast Growing Trees dot com. Using the code Midas, M-E-I-D-S at checkout Fast Growing Trees dot com code Midas. Now is the perfect time to plant, use Midas to save today. Offers valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply. Let's go. Shout out to our sponsors links in description of YouTube and audio real quick. I think the might is mighty. I I think y'all have a green thumb. Fast Growing Trees reached out to me and they're like, I don't know how you guys are doing these reads, but the community, yeah, we love the Midas mighty, so please keep it going. So thanks guys. You know, I got, I got A badass lemon tree from Fast Growing Trees. You do. And I just get to walk outside, grab a little lemon, squeeze it, Put in the comments if you've gone to Fast Growing Trees. 'cause apparently the entire Midas mighty has Benji.


Where to next? Where to next? We've had the opportunity here in the honor to be able to interview some Democrats who have really been, I think meeting the moment. I wanna highlight some of that here. I don't wanna spend the rest of this episode showing you Trump clips. Of course I can do that. Let's show you the future leadership here. And I think people who are helping to fight back, you know, I always knew Governor Andy Beshear of Kentucky was a special type of leader. I've always heard great things about him, but when I left that interview with him, you know, I, you know, I, I told my brothers and I told others at the network, I said, wow.


I said, here you have a democratic governor in the Commonwealth of Kentucky who is not sacrificing any of his values. Who's not afraid to talk about protecting marginalized groups in Kentucky. And he goes, you know, I, this is, these are my beliefs. If you don't like 'em, you don't like 'em. But I'm gonna tell you how I feel about issues. I don't like bullies. I'm gonna stand up for people who are being bullied and I'm going to focus on getting jobs for workers. I want you to watch this clip right here. But bullying is always wrong. And, and standing up for people is, is always right, hate's always wrong and love's always right.


Judging people is always wrong and accepting them is is always right. But I think what many Democrats are doing is misreading the, the last election. They're seeing that last ad that was played and, and thinking that, that the last movable voters voted on that anti-trans issue. I don't think that they did. I think what Donald Trump convinced them is that, is that his opponent was distracted by other issues while he was focused on prices and the economy. And so this isn't an either or as a Democrat, stand up for what you believe in stand up for, for, for protecting people. But at the same time, the next day be out there opening that new factory, be in your community, cutting the ribbon on the new clinic where people are gonna be able to see a doctor that are right there, be out there making sure that public safety is improving for, for everybody.


You know, we've gotta show people that you can stand up for your principles while at the same time be in there every single day for every working family, regardless of, of their politics. We have to do both and, and, and understand that this is not an either or. I want you just to think about a debate, intellectual debate, smart debate. One filled with empathy, one filled with fighting for the American workers where, you know, think about it. You on the stage, you have Governor Beshear standing next to Governor Beshear, you have Governor Pritzker and here's what Governor Pritzker says, let's play it.


Well, I will say, at least for me, I expected it. I think we're living in a kleptocracy now. It's clear that Elon Musk, you know, is trying to benefit himself while he's also exercising powers that he was never supposed to be granted. The Constitution certainly doesn't give someone unelected like that. The amount of power that he is got and, and you're, you're watching as he benefits himself, harms his enemies. And I'm talking about just Elon Musk, then you've got Donald Trump who is enriching himself. We've seen him already selling meme coins that are worthless, taking people, you know, for all that they're worth sometimes.


And then at the same time, you know, he said that on day one he was gonna bring down prices for people across America, right? That you could go to the grocery store and you'd know that inflation was gone. Well, he's done the exact opposite. That was supposed to be day one. You know, day 62, we've seen prices at the grocery store are going up and 25% tariffs on tomatoes and lettuce and barley from Canada and you know, aluminum cans. You go to the grocery store, your beer is costing you more, your tomatoes, your, your lettuce, et cetera, costing you more automobiles, costing you more housing, lumber costing you more.


This is what Donald Trump's all about. And, and what's, what does he get out of all of it? The ability to cut taxes for the wealthiest people in the United States. The people who don't need it. He's taking money from people who are suffering, people who are just trying to get by and giving that money to, again, the wealthiest and the biggest corporation. Then on that debate stage, standing next to Illinois, governor Pritzker, you have Marilyn's governor Wes Moore, and here's what he says. Let's play it For what, this is not a game, and you're playing with people's lives. And I, I, I think about where our largest trade partner is is Canada, for example.


We've had 3 billion, $3 billion of, of exports that, that we do with Canada, with Canada every single year, this past week. And I was speaking with a Canadian ambassador and almost doing essentially my own independent diplomacy with our trade partner because that level of diplomacy coming from the federal government is now non-existent, and it's now almost playful. This is serious stuff because this is impacting our businesses, which turns around and impacts our neighborhoods, which turn around and impact our families, which turn around and impact our children. This is not a game. And the re and the, the really frustrating thing about, about it for me is we have people who are in very serious positions who are not serious People.


Then on that stage, do we see a OC? Here she is at the fight, the Oligarchy tour with Senator Bernie Sanders and others. They're in Vegas. 3,300 people are there watching this in Vegas. I know they're, they're going to Denver soon, I think in Denver. They're gonna have over 10,000 people in Denver, when I was interviewing Senator Sanders, he was telling me the crowd sizes that they expect in some of these other states coming up and bigger crowd sizes than anything we even saw in the election with Trump or Kamala. But anyway, here's a OC in Vegas earlier today.


Let's play it, You know, Fox News and the right wing will have you believe that these American values are something out of the Communist manifesto that we, these things because we went to college and read 'em in a book somewhere. But lemme tell you, Fox News, I don't believe these things. I don't believe in healthcare, labor and human dignity because I'm a Marxist. I believe it because I was a waitress, because I scrubbed toilets with my mom to go to school because I've worked double shifts to keep the lights on. And because on my worst day, I know what it feels like to feel left behind.


And I know that we don't have to live like this anymore. Las Vegas. We deserve better Than this. I wanna show you in powerful stuff there. I wanna show you in a bit a portion of my interview with Senator Sanders, but I think I showed a lot right there. And you know, Brett, I want you and Jor to be able to, I think, unpack what I saw there. I I haven't interviewed Governor Whitmer recently, or Governor Shapiro recently. There's a lot of other governors I'd wanna highlight in this, who I think will be on that stage. These are the people who I've been able to interview and speak with just over the past few days and, and, and highlight them just in the past week. But Brett, Yeah, and to listen to all those interviews. By the way, we put all those on Apple Podcasts and Spotify in the Minus Touch podcast, so be sure to check 'em out.


You know, like I said earlier, it's super easy way to just go through and listen to all the various interviews. These guests that we've had lately have, have been great. And I think the through line between all of them, and I think the reason that they've been resonating with folks and the feedback has been so good is because all the folks that we just showed you are fighters. And I think the real division right now in the Democratic Party isn't between left or right. Is this person too progressive? Is this person too moderate or centrist? I think that's a head fake because that's not how voters think about things. Just not, I think the divide within the Democratic party right now is, is this person a fighter or is this person a pushover? And what we are seeing is the fighters rising to the top.


They are solidifying themselves as the future leaders of the party. And the folks like the, let's face it, the Chuck Schumers and, and folks like that who cave are the cavers. And people don't want cavers right now. They want people who actually stand up or at least are able to articulate their positions. And you know, I know I could go on about Schumer all, all day. I think he went about that whole process just completely wrong. And if he was gonna do that position that he did, he should have messaged it in advance and explained it to the people why, and not tried to do a humiliation media tour after the fact to try to save his ass. But that's beside the point. But I wanna highlight you get a signed book. Yeah, but I wanna highlight the fighters, you know, and these are the fighters right here, a OC she's somebody who goes out there unabashedly, stands for her values, speaks to working people from the perspective of somebody from the working class.


I think that's powerful. Our interview with Senator Bernie Sanders, same thing, speaking from his heart about the working people and the Republicans. They could try to say, oh, they're far left. They're this, they're that. A lot of the American people do not view it that way. And like, like a OC said in that clip, wanting people to have healthcare, wanting people to be able to afford living housing, things like that, doesn't make you a communist. That makes you actually wanna build back to what the best parts of America were throughout our history and make this country actually better for the people. And so, you know, that, that, that's what I see. And I think, you know, with, with Kentucky Governor Beshear, powerful, powerful, powerful words from him, especially considering that he's in the state of Kentucky, which let's face it, is a very red state.


Donald Trump won by what, 30 points in Kentucky, over 30 points. But you know, who else won in Kentucky? Andy Beshear. And you know what he didn't have to do? He didn't have to run away from his values, he didn't have to throw the LGBT community under the bus. He didn't have to pretend like he was something he is not. And like I was saying, with can with Canada, you know, I think if you run away from your values, if you start backing this MAGA thing, or if your theory is I need to be more right wing in order to appeal to this group, once the culture shifts, you're done. You're done. Once the, once the pendulum swings back and people make the case for why inclusion and diversity is important, for why people deserve basic human dignity, why people deserve healthcare, why people deserve affordable housing, once that becomes the conversation and this MAGA stuff becomes a disgrace.


And the hatred that these MAGA people and these right wingers are pushing at the L-G-B-T-Q community at anyone who's not white, as they, the, the stripping away of these various programs, the removal until it was restored of Jackie Robinson's story from the government websites about the Navajo code talkers. They're just basically removing, trying to remove all history of any non-white people in this country. Once the pendulum swings, you do not wanna be on the wrong side of it. So don't sell out. You don't have to sell out in order to win. No one's going to go for you if you're just like, listen, I'm Mag Aite, but I'm a Democrat. It's not, it's not gonna work in my opinion. But that's why I like these folks. We've had on the show recently, true fighters sticking up for their values, providing a blueprint or at least the beginnings of a blueprint and what it actually means to fight and how to bring the fight in this new Trump era.


AB on point, Brett. Absolutely. What does Charlie Angus say? What, what does he say? Elbows up all the time. People want fighters. They don't want cavers. I wanna throw out a sports term here. The Dems right now have a deep, deep bench heading it to 28. I mean, just think about that stage bench to your point. Exactly. More Pritzker Whitmer Shapiro Beshe, an a OC, Jasmine cr i, it, it, it goes on and on. And these are people who genuinely care. They actually wanna fight for the people. They understand what's at stake. They're not gonna cave, they're not gonna do what we've seen other politicians do, trying to align themselves with this maga light nonsense uhuh what's happening right now in this moment.


There's a clear separation happening. The fighters are separating from the pack. Everyone can identify what a fighter looks like, right? It's just that you see it, you understand it in their speech and how they carry themselves. At the same time, the cavers are continuing to cave, and we're seeing exactly what that looks like as well. The Dems have a deep bench, and I cannot wait to see this continue to unfold because it's giving me hope and it's motivating me every day seeing the fight in these dems right now. It's awesome. One Of the things that Senator Sanders said to me that resonated so much is that some of the issues that are most important in people's lives, paradoxically, are the least talked about issues in general.


And I think one of the things about this network though, and why that message hit me the way it did, is I think we talk about those things. And I think that's been kind of the link with the Midas mighty, by the way, with our Canadian listeners and, and viewers or international viewers in Australia and Europe, in Africa, south America and Mexico, central America, and, and, and elsewhere though, is that we've, I guess our backgrounds aren't like political. Like we, we've, we've tried to, we've experienced this with everybody in the community.


We're members of the Midas mighty community. It's great we get to have the show, we get to, you know, do this as brothers, but like we're, we're, we're, we're living this experience and we're just saying how, how we feel. You know, this isn't some ivory tower thing, as I always say. Don't talk down, talk to and listen. The most important thing I think you can do as a news network or just as a leader, is listen and, and just hear people and, and listen to what they're saying about what it means to live paycheck to paycheck. Listen to what it means to have billionaires say that their social security is a Ponzi scheme, or that they're gonna get cut off from Medicaid, or, or that they're losing their jobs and they're being told it's for performance raises and they know that's false.


Or to hear, to bring this full circle that the Department of Education is going to be gutted and they rely on that li listen to how people feel and talk to the people. Let 'em know how you're fighting for them. That's what I see a OC doing. That's what I see Bernie doing. That's what I see some of these other governors, you know, doing. So I'll, I'll, I'll play us out with Bernie Sanders on the Midas Touch Network on the podcast. You could watch the full interview. Download the full interview. Here is one of the parts that I found were most powerful about his interview with me, and here Is the reality, which is not talked about very much.


The reality is that in America today, our life expectancy is about four years less than other wealthy countries. But even worse is the fact that if you are working class in America, on average, you live seven to eight years shorter life than people who are wealthy. Now why is that? And the answer is not just healthcare, which is important, working class people, low income people do not have access to the kind of healthcare that the rich do. But it is the stress, the day-to-day stress that working class people live under. And I grew up in a working class home.


I know a little bit about what it's like to have a family living paycheck to paycheck. And what I did that was in Altoona, Wisconsin, I said, okay, alright, tell me what it's like to live under economic stress. And people just stood up and one woman says, you know, it's a question of whether I buy shoes for myself or my kids, whether I can afford eyeglasses, whether I can afford to go to the doctor, whether you know, I'm gonna have the money to prepare a decent meal for my kids that I live every day not knowing you know what to expect. How do I survive? And what that is about, that is the reality that tens of millions of our people are living under.


We don't talk about it. And what I have learned over the years that some of the most important issues are the issues that get least discussion. And one of those issues is not just the working class people live six years shorter lives, seven years shorter lives than the rich. That's important. Why is that? But what's equally important is 60% of the American people in the richest country on earth live paycheck to paycheck. That means they go to work, and if their landlord raises the rent, they don't know how they're gonna be able to pay for it. Kid gets sick, don't know how to, gonna afford to send the kid to the doctor, car breaks down, don't know how to get it fixed, et cetera, et cetera.


That is the reality facing tens of millions of Americans in the wealthiest country on earth. And that is the issue that we gotta focus on. And that is why we gotta transform our economy. So it works everybody, not just billionaires. That's the issue that we're focusing on relentlessly here at the Midas Touch Network. That's the issue that we focused on when me and my brothers were just sending each other text messages. And that became a, a show that became a, a network, you know? And now to, to hear this data out there from pod scribe and, and play board and and and others that, that the show and the network is beating Fox and now beating Rogan by, by, by almost twice is is it, it means we're reaching more people.


That's what's most important. As I said, you know, a lot of the, the Times and the Journal and, and, and a bunch of others have covered it, and I'm, I'm, I'm grateful that they've covered it. And I'm grateful for the thoughtful writers who, who have written about us. And I know that it's not easy writing stories like this. They work really hard. As I always say to them, though, whether it makes it into the article or not, I said, but the reality for us is that this is not a spike the football moment that I go, yeah, you know, I, I, I know how many people out there as Bernie says, are living paycheck to paycheck. I know many how many people out there are struggling and want people to fight for them.


So I want you to know whether you're listening or watching this, is that we're gonna keep fighting for you. That we're not just doing shows where we're listening to you, we're reading your comments, we're hearing you, and we take this responsibility and trust that you've placed in us. Seriously. Th this is life or death for us because we know these issues are life or death for you. And that's how we approach this network. We're grateful for your support. We're gonna keep on growing together. Please share this network and the podcast with everybody that you know.


The word of mouth is one of the best ways that this show has grown. So you tell a few people that you know, that makes all the difference in the world. If you can leave a five star review on the audio podcast, please do that. Because all the Rogan people are out there doing the One Stars or the Zero Stars if they can, and they say bad things about the show to try to harm the reviews. So if you think it's worth five stars, always be honest. Of course, give it a five star review. Audio listeners, subscribe to our YouTube, YouTube watchers. Subscribe to the audio podcast. You just search Midas Touch wherever podcasts are available.


It helps if you're subscribed to both, subscribe to our substack, you go to midas plus.com. That helps a lot. A lot of the content there is free, there's some paywall stuff. You can access some of the stuff free. We'd love for you to become a paid subscriber. But just check it out. Do, do what, whatever you can do is great, but just check it out and we try to keep a lot of that content open as well. But please subscribe there. patreon.com/minus touch, check that out as well. We're gonna do a Zoom meeting next week. We'll, we'll announce a time and we'll do that zoom meeting. If you ever wanted to meet Brett, Jordy and myself, we'll announce that time soon.


Go to patreon.com/midas touch. And again, just, just thank you, thank you, thank you. And let's keep growing this, let's keep fighting. We're in this together and we got your back and we know you have our back. Brett, anything else? No, just, you know, thank you. This great show. I packed a lot of information into the show, man, a lot co covered a lot, and I know there's a lot more, but we love doing these longer shows a couple times a week. Thanks to everybody who's listening. Like I said, to listen to all those interviews that Ben did with those, you know, and, and great fighters, politicians out there. They're on the Midas Touch podcast, audio and video feed. And we always view, we, we view this project as existential. We really do in that we think we are fighting for the existence of this country for the existence of a better world.


And so every single day we wanna try, we try to think like, how could we make the world better? And how could we move things forward even in the face of adversity? And it's an honor to be able to do that with all of you. So thank you Jordy. You wanna take us away? Shout out to the Midas. Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.