
It's turn time. And with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 plus in President elect states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non-controllable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply, including token expiration and max wager amount C terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast Terms apply.


Prices are rising. A recession is looming. And what was Donald Trump doing? Vacationing again in Mar-a-Lago, awarding himself more trophies, posting about it on social media while the American people are suffering. Donald Trump returned to Washington DC on Monday where he held an unhinged press conference just an hour or so ago in the Oval Office with Kid Rock dressed in a bright red jumpsuit and fedora further humiliating the White House and the United States of America. Now, in the past 24 hours, Donald Trump said he could not care less about rising prices.


He said he will take over Greenland 100%, and he does not rule out using military force against Greenland and Denmark, if necessary to take it. 'cause he says it's his. He said he does not even know what signal is or what signal chats are, or what the whole text thread on signal thing is all about. Any said he wants to have a third term and there are ways that he can do it. Again, threatening dictatorship. This says he's crashing our markets, crashing our economy. Now, all of this comes as well as we approach some very important elections on Tuesday, a big special elections in Florida, a major Supreme Court race in Wisconsin with an empty c major Supreme Court race in Wisconsin.


Major special elections in Florida. You know, sometimes Ben Inter Ben's internet cuts out here on the Midas Touch Network happens, but it happens when you're live. It happens. But that's okay. The point is, we have a whole lot to speak about on this episode of the Midas Touch Podcast. It is great to see everybody here today, kid Rock in the Oval Office. Jordan, come on on. Did you see that with the outfit? I mean, in the words of, of everybody, I guess from a few weeks ago. You, you've, you've even got a suit kid Rock. You got a suit when you're in there in the Oval Office. I, I guess not. It looks like we got Ben back. Ben, welcome back to the show. I'll let you continue your intro. A federal judge has borrowed the Trump regime from ending temporary protected status for 350,000 Venezuelan nationals.


Another federal judge, judge Boberg, said a Thursday hearing to determine if the Trump regime violated his order, preventing the regime from kidnapping migrants and sending them to El Salvador without due process. And I was mentioning before that, that this all comes at the time where there are these important elections, critical elections on Tuesday, the big special elections in Florida, the Supreme Court race in Wisconsin. And I was describing how naturally Elon Musk went to Wisconsin to buy those votes. So we've got a lot to discuss, brothers and Midas mighty today. A lot to discuss. But Ben Jordy, it's great to be here.


It's great to be here. Midas mighty great to always be here. Speaking to the listeners of the Midas Touch podcast, the viewers of the Midas Touch Podcast. And today we're even trying something a little different too. We are actually also at the same time live on TikTok. I'm live on TikTok. Hello. So hello TikTok. Hello to the audience. We're trying to reach as many people as possible, try to do new things because this message needs to get out there. We are going up against, let's face it, the oligarchs, right? That's what this movement is going up against right now. The billionaires who just have endless funds and they are trying to manipulate all of our lives in the worst ways with their money. And we are seeing that in Wisconsin right now. Elon Musk basically running back the same thing that he did during the 2024 election in Wisconsin, in the most shameless ways, in handing out million dollar checks to people, literally paying people to even attend his event in Wisconsin.


We're gonna cover that. We're gonna try to cover all these races, those special elections. So important Donald Trump threatening, promising tariffs on everybody in the next 24, 48 hours. He calls it Liberation Day. I Think that's gonna screw Americans Day. Maybe that screw up the entire world Economy day. We are going to see what happens with that. But these next 48 hours, quite frankly, are going to be very consequential as we see all the twists and turns, all the developments that are happening, these are going to affect possibly the next few years, possibly the next few decades as we see what unfolds in the courts in Florida with tariffs. It's all incredibly consequential. We're gonna be covering all of it right here on the Midas Touch Podcast.


Jordy, always a pleasure to see you here. What's new brothers? I'm so stoked. Midas mighty. I am so stoked. Maple Midas. I am so stoked. Tonight we're gonna do something special, y'all. We're gonna have a little bit of fun. It's been a while since we've done this. And it just, I I I just love the lead. The leadership that Canada is is just ruling with right now. They're not backing away elbows up all the time. It's been a while, brothers and Midas mighty since we dropped a new emoji in the YouTube for our YouTube members. So we're gonna do that tonight and it's gonna be a special nod to our Canadian listeners. A little elbows up emoji. It's pretty sweet. We already created it. We're gonna unlock this emoji. If we could get 300 memberships tonight on the YouTube.


So try and do that. You could gift memberships to people you could join. If you're not, you get access to the whole barrage. A a as y all know, you know, we're not funded by outside investors or any billionaire oligarch types. So this is a fun way that we get to keep the good vibes going. So let's unlock that elbows up emoji. We need 300 members and we'll do it. Benji, where are we starting tonight? Big bro. I mean, I guess we start moments ago in the Oval Office. I would say it's one of the most bizarre press conferences I've seen, but with Donald Trump, each one is as bizarre as the last, although I guess it's accelerating here. So while Donald Trump's in the Oval Office, he's got kid rock standing next to him wearing this red jumpsuit, a fedora hat.


Weren't these MAGA folks lecturing everybody? Zelinsky, who's by the way, dressed as a wartime president as a, in a war, they were attacking Zelinsky. Now you have kid Rock dressed this way. I'll show you clips of that in a little bit. But Donald Trump then starts talking about the word kind and the same way Donald Trump is like the word grocery. What an interesting word, grocery. He now does that with the word kind. And he tells this weird story. He says, someone called him kind and he never really heard the word kind before. Really? I kind of believe that he never heard the word kind, but play the clip president. You know, the chairman, somebody said that about me the other day. He said, who doesn't know me very well?


They said, you're such a kind person. And I said, say that again. They said, you're a kind person. I said, I've never heard that before. It was a weird statement. I was kind who said that? I've heard of words. I, I dunno, I better not tell you. You know, I've heard of, I've been called a lot of things, but it's sort of a different kind of a word. It's like an old fashioned word, isn't it, Mr. An old fashioned word, like groceries, very old fashioned word. Am I back? Is my like, internet Just the worst today on this slide is the worst. It's worst, I Think. I Think we need a Liberation Day from bed's. Ben's bed, internet day. I need a Liberation Day for, for, for my internet right here. Okay, we're even doing podcast in the country. But you keep doing you with your internet.


I I Think it's part of gonna keep, I, you know, Ben, I told you like upgrade from dial up, like the people aren't using dial up anymore. Perhaps, you know, cable something, you know, but, but you could do your dial up. It's not gonna, it's okay. Well, well let me talk to you about the next. I Think Donald Trump's asked about what he's referring to as liberation. And they ask him if he's gonna move towards a universal tariff or to do individual tariffs on the various countries. And let me show you what he says right here, here Play this clip. Are You gonna move that with a universal tariff or different individual tariff rates on a whole Variety of different, well, you're gonna see in two days, which is maybe tomorrow night or probably Wednesday, you're gonna see, and they're reciprocal.


So whatever they charge us, we charge them, but we're being nicer than they were. Even his language there we're being nicer than they are. And it's not exactly nothing that he says is reassuring, but he has no answer. Do you even think he knows what it means when they say it's gonna be a universal tariff or will it be individual? And then when he uses the word reciprocal, because the word kind and kindness seems to be very interesting to him. So I'm just genuinely curious if he even knows what those other words mean. And then he talks about, he says, long before Putin, they said, you're not going into nato. And then he spews Putin talking points from the Oval Office, let me play this for you.


And What happens is we made a deal for rare Earth, it was all done. And I heard through, through you, I haven't spoken to them yet, but through you, I heard that they're now saying, well, I'll only do that deal if we get into NATO or something to that effect. Well, that was never number one discussed. Number two, I Think it's gonna be very long before Putin. They said, you're not going into nato. And it could be, that's probably the reason the war started actually. That could be the reason the war started blaming the fact that Russia unlawfully invaded Ukraine on Ukraine wanting to join NATO and frankly belonging in nato.


And you notice him attacking Zelinsky there, attacking Ukraine, not attacking Putin at all. And then talking about the rare earth mineral deal. Donald, what you promised was on day one you said there would be peace in Ukraine. He said, you got a great relationship with Zelinsky, a great relationship with Putin. It would be easy, you said before day one you would be able to have peace in Ukraine, but instead you want to do a rare earth mineral deal, which basically just means you, I don't say even the United States. It means like Trump for what his sovereign wealth fund or whatever he wants to create, stealing the rare earth minerals from Ukraine and then carving Ukraine and Europe up for Vladimir Putin.


That's what Donald Trump meant by, he wanted to do a deal. Let's also talk about what Donald Trump was doing from this horrific Oval Office press conference where he just started telling people to vote for the MAGA Doge Supreme Court candidate in Wisconsin. Brad Shimmel. He's like, you, you better vote Republican. Vote Republican. And he's saying it from the Oval Office, which in any normal times in and of itself would probably be grounds for impeachment. Here, Play this clip. Well it's, it's a big race, Supreme Court race in Wisconsin. It's taking place essentially as we, as you know, it was early voting. So we'll see what happens.


It's a big race. I love Wisconsin. We won Wisconsin. Republicans typically don't do very well in Wisconsin, but I did. I actually won it twice. I actually probably won it three times to be exact. We played their son, not probably, I won it three times. We had a rigged election the second time. But that's, you know, one of those things. We had to make this one too big to rig as the, would you agree with that, Brian? Yes sir. Too big to rig. Yes, yes sir. So anyway, but yeah, there's a big race and I hope you get out and vote for the Republic. The woman is a radical left lunatic Lying about the results of the 2020 election saying that it's rigged saying to vote for a Republican Doge MAGA candidate.


All the while he's not answering questions about what's gonna happen on April 2nd with tariffs that are likely going to further destroy the economy. You've got the Atlanta Federal Reserve predicting a 2.8% contraction in our economy. You've got stagflation on the horizon, low GDP and surging inflation. And he's whining about the 2020 election being rigged. Oh, and by the way, let me show you this clip where you'll see kid rock next to him in the jumpsuit while Donald Trump from the Oval Office is selling. Teslas play the clip. So You recently bought a Tesla for White House staff.


I did to use, but now there's all these domestic terrorists targeting Teslas. Are the staff scared to drive it? I don't think so. I haven't heard they were complaining. I did buy one and I let the staff use it. I, we have it parked conveniently and one day we give it to Margo. One day we give it to Chamberlain, give it to Natalie, we give it to everybody around. And again, talking about Tesla's, the framing of all of that, it's just like poor Elon pity Elon. Look, anybody who engages in crimes should be brought to justice. A lot of the protests though that are out there, most of those protests, mostly all we see, it's peaceful.


Elon Musk, Trump Doge have destroyed the lives of millions of Americans. They're making veterans suffer. Their hostile takeover of the federal government has been a wrecking ball on people's lives. The way they talk about social security as a Ponzi scheme and shut down social security administration office. These people are wrecking balls destroying lives. And we're gonna see on Tuesday what that impact is also gonna be during a critical election day. We saw what happened in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, where a senate district 36 in the Pennsylvania State Senate that had not gone blue since 1889, flipped blue there.


So we'll see what happens in the special election now in Florida's six congressional district where you have the Democratic candidate Josh Wheel running against the MAGA candidate. Randy, fine, we'll talk about more about that in a little bit. And then the Supreme Court race in Wisconsin, judge Susan Crawford, the pro-democracy candidate running against the MAGA Doge candidate, Brad Shimel. Brett. Yeah. You know, and I Think the messaging is, is becoming pretty clear around the country right now. It's, do you really wanna live in a country where billionaires are allowed to just buy elections in this fashion? I would put this back even before Elon Musk. I would go back to the ruling of Citizens United, which allowed these unlimited campaign contributions.


I Think every politician out there should be very outspoken against the Citizens United ruling because it has led to the rot that we see in our country today. The rot that brought Donald Trump to power the rot that brought Donald the Elon Musk into the Oval Office that allowed him to buy his way into the Oval Office and then use his power to destroy the lives of Americans. And I Think one of the things that is like the most, not baffling because it's just like it goes with everything that Trump would always do, and Musk always does, is that despite ruining all these people's lives, despite all the chaos that they have caused, despite throwing our entire country into chaos, what have we seen that federal spending is actually more now than it ever was.


Far more than it was under Biden increasing at greater rates than it was under Biden. So while you see them trying to brag about all these various cuts, first off, I want everybody to know that all these cuts are basically bullshit. Okay? Like when you look at the Doge website and they have all these big numbers, we save $250 billion here and there. When you actually put 'em under a tiny bit of a microscope, they're actually all fake. Like they're just, they're, it's a fraud, it's a scheme, it's a scam, it's a fraud. Like that's what they're doing right now. And then they try to dangle out things to the American people to try to get them supported. Well, have you heard, we might allow, we might send out Doge checks. Don't you want a Doge check? Yeah. With all the money we're saving from Doge, from taking away your grandmother's social security, you might get a few thousand bucks in the mail.


So you stick a and we even saw people at this Elon Musk event that happened yesterday. We saw people, there was literally somebody who asked a question to Elon Musk. So when are we getting those dose checks? And he was like, actually the dose checks that gotta go to Congress. And they, you know, there's a process and I don't know, you know? No, you're gonna have to ask Congress about that one. 'cause they dangle these things out to scam people and it's just so incredibly atrocious. It's so, it's so manipulative. And we've been saying this on like all of our past episodes, but stop falling for the con people. You know, like, like as a supporter, if you're a supporter of Elon Musk or Donald Trump, at a certain point you gotta go, these people are lying to me. These people think I'm stupid.


And you could either accept the fact that that's what they think of you, or you could actually do your own research, as I'm sure many of you say, and actually look up the facts spending is coming in 7.4% higher this year, year than last year, higher this year than last year. That's what, that's what it's on pace for. And it was not on pace for that under President Biden. I want that to be clear as well. So while you hear about all these cuts and stuff, it's why they also highlight like this, like these very tiny things. Like we canceled everybody's Adobe Photoshop subscriptions. I'm like, okay, what are we, what are we doing here? People like now, okay, now, now that, now that people who need to make graphics can't make graphics, now you canceled Microsoft Word for people. So they can't like open document. Like that's not making the government more efficient, it's making government less efficient.


And you're using that as cover to literally steal from people. And that's exactly what they're doing. They're, they're stealing from the American people. They're, and they're also grifting off the American people. That's what Trump and Elon continue to do. I Think one of the biggest, you know, misconceptions out there just because people aren't, you know, loud enough about it. This community is, and I'm proud of that. But it's just this, it's just this misconception that the Republican party is for the working class and the Republican party is for the American taxpayer. That can't be further from the truth. Just because they go on Fox News and, and spout all these lies and give people scripts and fake talking points to use at, at their dinner parties. Doesn't make them true here. Here's what we know. America's more chaotic under this Trump regime. Americans are less safe under the Trump regime.


These prices are more expensive under the, under the Trump regime than they were under Biden's presidency. And federal spending, as Brett just said, is higher under the Trump regime and the Elon Musk regime than it was under Biden at any point. So this is what we're dealing with. We're dealing with facts, receipts and data here. And what we need to do as, as this pro-democracy community is just remind people of, of what is happening right in front of everybody's faces. Trump is not for the American taxpayer. Trump is not for the American person or the American citizen. Trump is for Trump and his rich buddies. And he is gonna grift off the American people as much as he can until four years comes on.


And then we'll see if he'll run for his third term that he is trying to throw out there right now. But unbelievable stuff here. And I'm proud of this community for pushing back and bringing those receipts and data points to the table every chance we get. Which would be, by the way, unconstitutional. Oh absolutely lawful and a dictatorship. And that's what he wants to set up and maybe try to use even JD Vance as his puppet to help him achieve those ends. But that's why we refer to this presidency as a Ponzi scheme, presidency as a rug poll presidency. They lie and then they cover up those lies with other lies and they try to drag it out as far as possible. They said on day one that they were going to make housing affordable, that prices would go down right away.


Prices were heading down under former President Biden Inflation was gonna hit the fed target at 2%. There was gonna be more interest rate cuts under Donald Trump. Prices are going up, up, up. The inflation numbers that came in came in hot under former President Biden. We saw GDP growth. Now we're likely gonna see GDP contraction. Trump also promised that on day one there would be peace in Ukraine in 24 hours. That was a lie. It's lie after lie. So Brett and Jordy to your point, then they move on to the next one. Hey everybody, you wanna go to Fort Knox? We're gonna search for some gold and maybe that'll be part of the Doge dividend when we find you gold, you wanna get rich.


By the way, I subscribe to the Trump email list so you don't have to. Yay. He sends his supporters Doge dividend, this Doge dividend that you wanna come to Mar-a-Lago, you wanna win a trip so you can have the fancy luxury life that you wanted. You wanna go live the lifestyles of the rich and famous. Here's what you need to do. It is BS over and over again. And by the way, at the end of the day, have you heard him say anything without being prompted about the four American soldiers presumed dead or likely dead in Lithuania, who the Secretary of NATO said that those four individuals are dead.


Have you heard, have you heard Donald Trump coming out with any statement of sympathy, expressing national mourning, the types of things that you would almost always hear the leader of a country you would always hear a leader of a country say. So Donald Trump was asked again in the Oval Office about the four American soldiers in Lithuania who are dead. And Donald Trump, when he was previously asked last week, didn't even know about it, had no clue what was even being talked about this time. He describes it that they were driving a heavy truck like a toy. He says like a toy, listen to him, try to describe it.


And he doesn't express sympathy, he doesn't express that, that this is a tragedy. He, he's incapable of it as well. Watch this. Mr. President, have you had any updates on the US soldiers missing in Luther Wing? I have. Can you give us an update? So three are no longer with us and one is unfortunately probably in the same category, but they haven't declared that yet. It was a very heavy truck, like I told you, but I mean really heavy that left, lifted the heaviest equipment. And it would seem that the bank of a lake collapsed. You know, the weight is so big and it was at night and it was very cold weather, ice, a lot of ice.


And it's possibly slipped. And the weight is so enormous of this thing. It's a, it's a massively heavy vehicle. And if they slipped a little bit, they, it's probably what happened and it flipped. And three are are gone and one is missing. That's your description of what went down. By the way, if you're, if you're wondering like did he give sympathy to the families? Did he show any sort of heart or care at all that these soldiers died? The answer is no. The answer's no. It just, that was it. And it's just so appalling to me.


And you know damn well if you know any situation like this happened during the Biden administration that they would try to make this a huge, massive controversy. They would attack President Biden for it. And that would even be if President Biden did what he would do in this situation, which is take responsibility, send his regards to the families, handle this through proper military protocols. Actually be honest with the American people. Actually be briefed on this in the first place and not have to be told and say, I don't know anything about this. And then a week later come out with a a I, I don't even call that a statement, but just whatever the heck that was that we just watched. Just such a disgrace, honestly. Just such a disgrace. And he had to be prompted. He didn't bring it up on his own all weekend posting about his golf tournaments that he claims he wins.


Like Kim Jong-un style. I won another tournament, I won another tournament. Look, I'm playing golf here while American people suffer. It's that simple to me that as American people suffer. That's what this Trump regime is doing. They're not just causing the suffering, they're gloating about it. We've got a lot more to discuss. I want to talk about these big elections on Tuesday. Want to talk about some of these court rulings in federal court. We've got a big audience today here live. Once again, I wanna remind everybody here to subscribe right now to our YouTube channel. By the way, it's free to subscribe to the YouTube channel.


And also we are giving these elbows up emojis that we're going to be releasing. If we can get 300 YouTube members, we don't have outside investors. So it helps this network grow. We're actually almost there already. We'll see if we get there during our first break. But that elbows up emojis a great one. It's us being in solidarity with Canada, who's leading the way I Think in the resistance internationally against the United States. We'll talk about that as well when we come back. How they're boycott of all things. American is impacting America's tourism industry and they're not buying American goods at a significant scale that's causing real, real issues to the American economy.


We'll take our first quick break of the show. We'll be back with a lot more Midas touch by.


So since my daughter was born a few months back, I've been really focused on my fitness and doing what I can to stay healthy. And so I recently discovered ARMRA colostrum and it's been a way I strengthen my immunity and gut health. And it's been great. ARMRA colostrum can help you optimize your whole body microbiome, strengthen your immune barriers along the mouth, sinuses, gut urinary and reproductive tract and guard against unwelcome particles for your strongest immune health. ARMRA colostrum can help combat bloating. It helps you feel lighter. Probiotics are touted as a gut health solution, but they only address one part of the four part gut wall. And most products on the market are dead before they even reach your gut. It's a secret armor colostrum naturally fortifies your entire gut wall system, optimizing your microbiome, strengthening the gut wall architecture, which guards against irritants that can trigger symptoms like bloating and constipation. And if you work out regularly, as we all should, colostrum has been shown in research to help enhance nutrient absorption, promote lean muscle building and improve endurance while fueling cellular repair, regeneration, and faster recovery. As a husband and a dad, I want to make sure as I age, my body stays in good health and I've made ARMRA a daily part of my routine. I hope you do as well. We've worked out a special offer for our audience. Thanks to Jordy. Receive 15% off your first order. Go to try ARMRA dot com slash midas or enter Midas to get 15% off your first order. One more time. You go to TRY ARMRA dot com slash midas. That's try ARMRA dot com slash midas or enter Midas M-E-I-D-A-S to get 15% off.


Alright, let's talk about spring cleaning, but not the boring kind. I'm talking about leveling up your kitchen game and finally tossing that scratched up sad excuse for a pan you've been clinging to since college. 'cause once I got my hands on Hexclad, I knew that there was no going back. You guys know I take my cooking seriously. This stuff is like if a cast iron skillet and a spaceship had a baby, you get the durability of stainless steel, the non-stick magic of modern cookware, and it just looks sexy. No more scraping burnt food like it's the nineties. Just perfect Sears effortless cleanup and straight into the dishwasher. You cannot beat it. And let's not forget their Japanese Damascus steel knives. These things are works of art. 67 layers of razor sharp premium Japanese steel that make prep work effortless. You feel like a pro just holding one. Oh and the best part, Hexclad comes with a lifetime warranty. That's right. Buy it once and you are set for a life. So stop paying delivery fees and start cooking like a pro for a limited time. Our listeners get 10% off with our exclusive link. Just head to Hexclad dot com slash midas. That's H-E-X-C-A d.com/midas. M-E-I-D-A-S. Let them know we sent you Bon Appetit. Let's eat with Hex revolutionary cookware. Let's go.


Shout out to our sponsors links in description of both YouTube and audio. They're fabulous sponsors. Use the links, use the the codes. If there's any exit surveys, let them know we sent you and brothers Midas, mighty Maple, mighty Maple, Midas. I Think we hit it. We hit the 300 membership goal already. Y'all are the freaking best. That has to be a new record that's gotta be in new record. Elbows up emoji. This is so cool. Y we're gonna, you guys, thank you guys. This is, they're just simply the best. And as Ben said, Canada is leading the way. So this is awesome. Now that it's in our arsenal that we could just throw up elbows up. Brett, you wanna drop it from the Midas account so folks could see it? Oh, it's dropped. It's dropped. I love it. Benji, where to next?


I look, there's a ghoulish ness to this Trump regime and to the Magar Republicans. It is such a stain on our history. I mean, you see them posting on the official GOP accounts, things like this from the House Foreign Affairs Committee. This is an official Republican account and it is a photo of Donald Trump, Elon Musk and JD Vance holding a casket and dancing while holding it. And then the casket has USAID on it as their mocking destroying a program where many experts believe will literally lead to millions of deaths.


It was a major part of the soft power of the United States as the leader, the once leader of the free world to help people who were starving in other countries and people with deadly illnesses. And as a result of the US pulling out of its USAID and destroying and dismantling it, like there could be quite literally millions of people dying. And they're posting just this ghoulish dancing. And by the way, this is like a theme with them. There's one that Elon Musk did with the Department of Education, right? Where they were at a cemetery and Donald Trump.


And it's like a photo of Donald Trump, like laughing at a grave and it says Department of education. And like department is spelled wrong because Ben, it's their whole thing is just on the lips, right? They don't actually have any like tangible, like things that they wanna do to help the American people. It's all destroy, it's all just try to ruin people's lives. Like they, they have no vision for the future. And I Think that's something that people need to hone in on a little more. They have zero vision for actually what they wanna do. They just know that they want to tear it all down. And the more they piss off the libs, the more they make people angry, the happier they are. Which is why they live in this meme culture where they post disgusting memes like that and they just try to antagonize Butte, right?


That's like their whole thing. And this is why also, like I I try to say like, it's okay to laugh at things. It's okay to lead with humor. It's okay to be able to step aside and, and, and live your life and be with your family. Because what these authoritarians want is they want to wear you down. They want you to feel like crap. They want you to feel hopeless. And when you laugh at them, when you mock them, when you actually are enjoying yourself, that's actually one of the biggest kind of weapons that could possibly be used against them. And so don't let them take your joy at all costs. Never let them take that part of it. So we did not see this weekend, the Trump regimes sham wow guy Howard Lutnick, the commerce secretary.


I grew when I was growing up. I would be forced to watch those infomercials when I was watching news with the sham Wow guy. It's a shammy, it's a wow, blah blah. I Think when you say that, Ben, you have to say no offense to the sham wow guy. Like, you're, you're you. But I, what? I gotta say, I Think you, I Think there can be offensive to the sham. Can't be offense the sham Wow guy. We apparently wasn't exactly a great guy. Okay, fine. Yeah. So yeah, we we looked into it. There could be a offense to him. Got it. Okay. I I wasn't up to date on my sham wow person history. So you gotta you gotta be up to date on the references that I throw out here. Oh, there's, there's there, there's a story Jordy, and you could Google it and you're gonna go, holy shit, okay, okay, we did this, we did this routine three weeks ago. I I Google it right now. This was a stick that we've developed now, you know, over the course of many weeks.


Anyway, Howard Lutnick, the commerce secretary, he was the one who was going on and going, everybody that we're all gonna get rich. You're gonna get rich, you're gonna get rich, you're gonna get rich because tariffs are great. Alright, well now Donald Trump's saying that his Liberation Day is gonna happen on April 2nd where he is gonna tariff every single country, which every economist worth anything is saying is going to cause a massive recession or worse. So naturally, right? The news networks were inviting Howard Lutnick back. Hey Howard, you were the one kind of selling this thing. So let's hear from you. What, what is going to the business community wants some certainty, Howard, so what's going to happen?


So on Face the Nation, they invited Howard Lutnick and let's take a look at what happened. Let's play it. We had hoped to speak to Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick today, but the White House declined our request. We do hope to have him on in the near future to discuss tariffs. Oh, too busy, too busy now Howard, thanks mysteriously. So then they call on Peter Navarro, one of Donald Trump's top economic advisors, straight out of jail, basically, right for contempt of Congress that he served a few months back. He's the one who had like the, what'd they call it? The Green Bay Green Bay sweep. And then he Green Bay sweeped himself on off to a federal prison election and yeah. And, and, and overturn a free and fair election.


Anyway, he's the guy now who's out there talking about tariffs. And let's just take a look at what his message to the American people is. This was the message that they were beaming on state regime media known as Fox. Let's play it. You heard Lucas's reporting there where the president says he doesn't care if the prices go up on US cars. So what's the message to the US consumer? The message is that tariffs are tax cuts, tariffs are jobs, tariffs are national security. Tariffs are great for America. Tariffs will make America great again. Are they doing haikus? I mean what they're, they they're doing disin info haikus, right?


I mean, what, what disin Ku c spot are they doing? C spot run crash economy books. C spot run C spot, this tariffs, you know how this is what I mean, it's a Ponzi scheme. Regime, right? It's a rug pull regime. So you know how we said we were gonna do no tax on tips? You know how we said we were gonna do no tax on social security? Remember when we said no tax on overtime, promises made, promises kept. You get tariffs now, which are the tax cuts, ergo mission accomplished, mic drop. We did everything we said we were going to do. And that's actually what, like, I'm not exact, that's what they're saying.


And I wanna be clear too, like a tariff literally is a tax, okay? It's literally a tax on import. So if you are saying a tariff is a tax cut that is saying up is down, that is saying left is right. It is just saying the complete opposite reality. And that's always been the thing that's really frustrated me the most about this entire MAGA movement is it's built on a house of cards of bullshit from top to bottom. It's just all lies. Everything is lies. And that's why it's so important to these people to control the flow of information. Quite frankly, it's why they've been so outraged over the success of the Midas Touch podcast and the way we've been able to break through because they have spent billions and billions and billions of dollars in order to make it so that their lies get more reach than the actual truth.


Heck, it's why Elon Musk paid $44 billion for Twitter only to ruin the app tank. The app. Because his main strategy was, I don't care if I make money off this thing, I just want to use it as a propaganda machine. They just live in this lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, echo chamber all the time. And quite frankly, this movement would not exist if they did not have that sort of control over the flow of info. What is Navarro? Even the, the script for, for, for MAGA is just getting so ridiculous at this point. They have so far jumped the shark that even when they go on Fox News, their main propaganda outlet to get these talking points out there to their viewers and the, and and their loyal following even they are just scratching their heads at this point.


And, and maybe not all of them, maybe not even most of them, but trust me some are here. You know why? Because tariffs are tax cuts, tariffs are jobs. I mean, I'm just imagining the fox view are sitting there and some of them, you know, shaking their Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then others just kind of coming to the realization like, wait a second, this is ridiculous. Like beyond the pale. To your point, Charlie, you know what I've seen though? Like, 'cause there are people in specific communities that wake up to certain things, right? Yeah. It affects different people in different ways. And there were folks who, and I don't know why you would think the guy who's been bankrupt so many times, it's going to be good for the economy. I don't know how, why people keep falling for this crap every single time, which is so obviously bullshit.


But they do. And they go, he is gonna be great for the economy. Then the next thing they know, they're looking at their 4 0 1 Ks, they're looking at their stocks. Heck, the bitcoin, the crypto people are looking at their crypto accounts and they are saying, oh my God, I am getting destroyed only to wake up the next day. And here we're gonna tariff this, we're gonna tariff that. We're gonna tariff anybody pulling it back, putting it back in. This uncertainty is not what the business community likes. And it's not what anybody wants to see. People don't wanna wake up, check their accounts, see that they've lost a ton of money, they don't wanna wake up and see that their life savings is gone. They don't wanna try to call the social security office. And all of a sudden a phone call that may have taken 20 minutes now takes hours and hours for them to even get through.


And that's what Americans are waking up to. So you could bullshit all you want and you could spread this propaganda. You could spread this lies like Donald Trump does. But ultimately you reach a sort of delta where reality meets your lies. And you can't escape that. The Trump administration had that same issue during their first term where they lied, they lied, they lied, then Covid happened. They thought they could lie, lie, lie, lie, lie. And then guess what? The lies couldn't over the, the eyes couldn't count lies could not counteract what was happening with Covid. The massive death toll Donald Trump saying it's gonna disappear when it exploded. Donald Trump ignoring all the advice on experts. And we're gonna see that in a bunch of different sort of little ways throughout this Trump administration.


Whether it's with the signal gate lies or the lies about tariffs, the lies about the stock market, the lies about lower prices, because reality is always going to be there right behind them, catching up. Look, Donald Trump may actually have, if this were to be a category, the Guinness Book of Records for the most bankruptcies, I mean if you go back through his history, the casinos that he bankrupted, the businesses that he crashed over and over again, by the way, we've shown this in some of our videos. Just look at his filings with the securities and exchange commission in connection with his Trump media stock.


'cause he has to file this. You have to list your bankruptcy. So they're listed there in a section about bankruptcies and business failures. It's one after another. And it's because when things go bad, his pathology as a malignant narcissist is to either be like, I don't know, I don't care to blame others or to then, or all combine to double or triple down on the things that are going wrong to make it worse. Because as a malignant narcissist, his pathology doesn't let him step back and go, whoa, we need to change the strategy. So look, you one bankruptcy, okay, but over and over again, what does it tell you?


He doubles and triples down on the failure and he finds the failure the way like an arrow finds its bullseye from like an Olympic archer. He, he finds failure, he sails directly and he swoops into failure over and over again because that's his demented pathology. But you know, there are people who know that there, who are in power, who know that what he's doing is going to cause massive damage. I mean, there's people like Magar Republican, James Langford from Oklahoma, who would be one of the people who would always tell you in normal times how how bad tariffs are, how it will cause depression.


He knows, but he goes on the media networks and he goes, you know what this is like, you know, like when you get your kitchen remodeled, it's like a kitchen re Hey, hey Langford. No, a lot of people don't know, you know why? 'cause they can't afford houses, so they don't even know what it, what that's like to remodel the kitchen. And y'all promise that you would make housing affordable on day one. So let's start with that premise. And it's not like remodeling a kitchen. It's like you are destroying people's lives and cruelly toying with their lifestyles and, and, and just their day-to-day existence. That's what it's like. But here's Langford on the weekend shows trying to normalize this behavior by analogizing to a kitchen remodel, Play this clip.


I feel like in some ways in the economy, this is kind of like a, a kitchen remodel or a bath remodel. There's a bit of a mess at the beginning, but everybody has a long-term look of where we're headed. It's going to be noisy for a little while, but we all know where we're headed trying to reduce the prices for Americans and increase jobs. Well, on that note in your book that I mentioned, you write that Americans voted for Donald Trump because they quote decided the nation needed a turnaround election in this past week. Inflation ticked black back up, stocks went down again. Americans are increasingly pessimistic about the economy, worried about a recession. It's harder to find a job.


Is Trump failing to deliver on the kind of turnaround Americans were hoping for that you write about, We are less than three months into the administration at this point. So I Think we've got a ways to go to be able to determine anything related that this Drug poll, Ponzi scheme will come up with the next lie over and over again. The language they use, it's gonna be noisy, it's going to be messy. When the economy was growing under former President Biden, right? Remember when you would have those Fox alerts, job growth, a new record high, the stock market hit a new record.


Remember all of that unemployment record low we're energy independent, and they would try to spin it as though it was bad. Remember? They would be upset. Oh, they would toss the after that you'd get the good data and then they would be lying, well, hang on, enemy is doing grain again. And, but it could be doing much better if we turbocharge it with the behind Donald Trump. Remember they would sell you that pile of crap and they would show you Donald Trump, I'm going blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Remember they would do that? And so now they're like, you know, I saw this on another show on Fox. 5%, 10%. You know, that's not that bad that the markets are down five 50.


That's not like 50%. What are you talking about? People are looking at their live savings and their 4 0 1 ks and their retirements and seeing it crashing. They're seeing Howard Lutnick go on these podcasts by these other like billionaires, Lutnick say billionaire, the commerce secretary. And he's like, you know, my 94-year-old mother-in-law, she would never complain if the social security check doesn't come in. And you know, the people who complain about not doing their social security, they're doing the fraud. You know that, right? They're the fraudsters here, watch this. Let's Say social security didn't send out their checks this month. My mother-in-law, who's 94, she wouldn't call and complain, she just wouldn't.


She thinks something got messed up and she'll get it next month. Yeah, A fraudster always makes the loudest noise screaming, yelling, and Complaining. Hmm. They're literally describing the Trump regime. The fraudster always. And then he's doing the weird thing with like, why do you need to do the field goal polls when explaining about how you're 93-year-old? They, yeah. 'cause they're Ben, they're freaks. And you're allowed to say that everybody you can, they're, they're weird, they're freaks. And you could say that and not feel bad about it because frankly they are, you know, you have Langford up. This is how like, they're just so out of touch too. Like really they have no pulse on the American citizen Langfords up there talking about, you know, casual kitchen and bathroom.


Like that's super, super relatable for everybody. And then, and then you have, you know, his 94-year-old social security, his grandmother, you know, Jerry, you know, I mean, Lutnick looks like the fraudster the bad guy from like the financial fraud movies. Like, he looks like he's out of central cast, right? They're cartoonish and it looks like he rehearsed this line like in front of the mirror. They're cartoonish villains, Ben. And it would be funny if it wasn't so detrimental to the American person. It's, it's unbelievable. The frauds to yes, The Loudest, you know, it's like he rehearses that Look. When we get back, I want to talk about these special elections in Florida.


I want to talk about the election in Wisconsin for the Supreme Court seat. There. There's an an empty seat that's gonna determine control of the Supreme Court, what Elon Musk was doing in Green Bay. I wanna talk about some federal court rulings that have, that went against Donald Trump and they're, you know, they are going after the federal judges. I Think it was Magar Republic. Maga Repub MAGA Republican Congress member Andy Ogles posted a wanted sign today with the judges' faces going after the federal judges in the halls of Congress a wanted sign. Are you kidding me?


Are you seriously horrific, horrific behavior. We'll talk about that and more after we get back from our last quick break of the


show. My cat is part of the family plain and simple. So I want them to have the best food that money can buy. And I didn't realize that for years the cat food that I was buying had questionable ingredients. This podcast is sponsored by Smalls. Now, if you're a listener of the show, you know that my cat cannot live without Smalls. To get 50% off your first order PLUS free shipping, head to smalls.com and use promo code Midas Smalls. Cat food is protein packed recipes made with preservative free ingredients that you'd find in your fridge, and it's delivered right to your door. That's why cats.com name smalls their best overall cat food. My cat's favorite flavor is Smooth Fish, and my cats prefer Smalls way more than their previous cat food. I legitimately did a taste test, put two bowls side by side, and they immediately went to Smalls. Since making the switch to Smalls, my cat has had fewer hairballs, more balanced energy, a healthier weight, a softer and shinier fur coat, and a less stinky litter box that's big. Still not a believer in Smalls. While New York Magazine called Smalls the best cat food according to veterinarians. While Buzzfeed said, my cats went completely ballistic for this stuff, my cat's breath is much better and their fur is much softer ever since I switched to Smalls. Smalls also has a bunch of amazing treats and snacks that you can add to your order. And after switching to Smalls, 88% of cat owners reported overall health improvements. That's a big deal. Do you have a picky cat? Well, smalls has a sampler so that your cat can try Everything Smalls has to offer. And the team at Smalls is so confident that your cat will love their product, that you can try it risk-free. That means they will refund you if your cat won't eat their food. What are you waiting for? Give your cat the food they deserve. Head to smalls.com and use promo code Midas M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 50% off your first order PLUS free shipping. That's the best offer that you'll find, but you have to use MyCode Midas for 50% off your first order, one last time. That's promo code Midas for 50% off your first order, PLUS free shipping


anywhere worth going is worth going in? Good boots. Find your perfect pair with Kovas. Ever wondered if you can pull off boots with your personal style? Well, you owe it to your feet to pull on a pair of Kovas. Being confident isn't about being different, it's about being yourself. Find comfort in the traditions of the west and confidence for making it your own. Honor the West by leaving your own boot print. Tecovas craft's quality Western boots for everyone. From generational ranchers and lifelong cowboys to first time boot buyers. Every one of Tecovas boots are handcrafted with over 200 meticulous steps for broken in comfort right out of the box. Whether it's a long day or a big night, your kovas are built to last and impress, there's no compromise between quality and style. Look, I can't even begin to tell you just how comfortable my kovas are, and I'll admit it, I was a little skeptical at first, but these Tecovas are something special. Plus with Tecovas Best in the West guarantee, you get free returns and exchanges for 30 days. Right now get 10% off at Tecovas dot com slash Midas when you sign up for email and text. That's 10% off at TECO vs.com/midas Tecovas dot com slash midas. See site for details. Tecovas, point your toes west.


Let's go shadow to our sponsors links. Inde description of audio and the YouTube. Click the links, use the codes, let them know we sent you. And guys, guess what? I'm still, I'm still wearing them. Still wearing them. Still wearing them ly. Absolutely. Those are fresh. You know, you're not wearing pants. You wearing pants though? I'm doing the shorts. The, there's jordy's not wearing pants. Like I, I guess he thought he could fool everybody. He didn't realize no pants, like your skinny legs on camera. You may want to, it's the short shorts you may wanna, that's the style these days. Brothers, y'all don't, no, you're not hip. I'm the youngest one. I you guys don't, I I recommend before you do a leg shot. Yeah. And stand up on camera. You wear pants. I show off my legs. What if I, what if today was leg day? I want to show off my legs. I'm, I'm just happy you're wearing boxers, quite frankly.


But the boots look right. Yeah. You know how Howard Lutnick practiced that line for bad? Yes. You can practice for good and you can also, I googled the sham wow guy and Wow. Yeah. Benji, where to next? I told yeah, I got called out for it and I, and I changed course Jay. Anyway, let, let, let me show you though, who is, I Think, leading a new course for how Democrats fight. It's Josh Wheel, the Democratic candidate for Florida's six congressional district. There are special elections Florida, there's the Supreme Court election in Wisconsin. It's a strange concept for some people. You're like, why is there's a race for Supreme Court that's not in the federal court system.


The president appoints and the Senate confirms for federal judges, state court judges, there's elections. I mean, at first a governor appoints, but then after there's a term, there's often elections that take place. And so that's why you have a Supreme Court election. And it's so interesting too, because then you have these like judges who are not really used to campaigning. They kind of have to campaign and it's like a little bit awkward, you know what I mean? And so like, normally the judges who campaign, you know, they're, they're not gonna try to get too political, right? They talk about, you know, law and order and we're here to, you know, just make sure the law is upheld and that's what Judge Susan Crawford, the pro-democracy judge is doing.


Then you've got this guy like Brad Shimmel, the MAGA Doge candidate who literally dressed up like Donald Trump for Halloween. And you've got like Elon Musk going into Wisconsin saying, all right, if you take photos by the voting locations, but you can't be more than a, you have to be at least a hundred feet away. I'm gonna give you $20. Then if you do a photo of a Fran, like, I'll give you a hundred dollars and then if you enter into the raffle, I'll give you a million dollars. Like it's the most ridiculous thing imaginable. And we had the opportunity to speak to the Democratic chair, Ben Wickler, who talked about what was going on there. He said in his opinion that what was taking place is criminal.


The ag is investigating it as well in Wisconsin. And I guess the cruel irony too is that that scheme, a pay for vote scheme, involves literally running for the Supreme Court seat in Wisconsin. And this is just what they're gonna do over and over again, these Mag Doge people, because they think that's, that's their way to win. They gotta buy votes and bri people to vote. And, and, and by the way, then the, the end justifies the means, I Think to them in this as well, right? Because all they care about is raw, unadulterated power. They want to get it at all costs. They don't care about doing these schemes in order to get it. And so even with Elon's schemes surrounding the general election, right?


His, his gamble was, if this works, I may have committed potentially some crimes here by buying votes essentially, but I won't be prosecuted under a Trump administration. And oh, and by the way, all the other violations, all my companies are committing, all the investigations that are going on into my companies, those will go away as well. So Elon made that calculation there. I Think he's making the same calculation here in Wisconsin. And I Think the people need to show up. I Think a message that we've seen resonating throughout the country over these past special elections that we've seen, like the ones in Pennsylvania that nobody ever thought Democrats would win at or at any chance, but the candidates there, they ran on an explicitly anti oligarch, anti Elon Musk platform.


And I Think that's been proving, at least at this point, to be an effective, a to be a potent message out there. Because guess what? I don't think people like having their votes bought off by billionaires. I don't think they like billionaires coming on in from the outside their state to tell them what to do because it's going to help the billionaires and screw over the people. And I Think finally, folks are waking up to this. And especially in these midterm elections, when you see folks who are, the people are showing up to these elections are people who vote the most, who also tend to lean democratic in these races. I Think you're seeing an extra urgency right now. More organizing in order to make sure that people get out the vote to tell Elon Musk, to tell Donald Trump and to tell all the oligarchs, absolutely not.


We will not let you do this. It's a vibe shift for for sure. And I Think, I Think everyone's feeling that right now because the more, frankly, this, this reminds me of when, oh shoot, when DeSantis was running and the more he got in front of people, like the less people liked him, this is happening on a, on a 10 XA hundred x scale with Elon Musk and Trump right now, the more they're in the media, the more they're in people's faces. The American citizen is just constantly reminded just how often these people are, you know? Well it's, it's, it's impacting all Americans badly who are not billionaires, which is mostly all Americans. Yes. And whether you have, whether you are a veteran, whether you have a veteran in your family, you're seeing cuts to the va, you're seeing cuts to your services, cuts to the crisis hotline, you're seeing veterans get fired and then be defamed and told it's for perform its reasons And that veterans don't deserve these jobs.


Federal workers aren't just in Washington DC So it's horrific that federal workers in DC are being treated horribly, but in all states and varied cities across the country, there are offices where federal workers show up every day, hardworking people who are also being cruelly terminated and defamed and being told it's because of performance reasons, which also hurts their ability to get unemployment benefits as well. People are seeing that their Medicaid could be completely gutted and eliminated. People see what we showed you earlier, Howard Lutnick basically saying, if you complain that you don't get your social security check, you are the fraudster, you are the criminal that they say is causing fraud in social security.


Which of course you're not. But that's what they're saying to try to take away social security from me. They're already taking it away. They're shutting down 47 Social Security administration offices. So if you are on social security, you are seeing that it's harder to get in touch with people And that your local social security office is probably shut down. You are seeing it under former President Biden. You know what you were seeing infrastructure projects going up, things being built, an actual builder, right? With Trump who claims to be a builder. What you're seeing is what he did his whole life, which is to be a destroyer. He rips things down and he does it cruelly and then he blames.


That's what he does. This is impacting everyone. And I Think what Trump underestimated is the resistance and opposition here in the United States and abroad. Whether you're talking about in Asia where you have alliances like Japan, South Korea and China joining unheard of forces un unheard of joining forces to respond to the tariffs Together, you're seeing new European defense alliances form Europe coming to the defense of President Zelensky and standing up to Trump and of course elbows up. You're seeing Canada lead the way as well.


And Canada boycotting all things American boycotting, American tourism. Y'all remember when some in the media were saying, we think this may be a 10% boycott, which would cause still like massive amounts of down. I said, let me tell you about the Maple Midas. Okay, let me tell you what's really going on in Canada right now. I said, I Think the tourism boycott will be like 85%. And that's more in the range of where it's at. So you're seeing like tourism, you know, even at a micro level, you're seeing like in certain locations, like in Vegas, right? Vegas significantly down 'cause Canadians aren't traveling there.


Then you're seeing this in cities across the country. Then in the aggregate you're seeing flights being canceled. The airline industry right now in the United States is absolutely plummeting by the way the European markets are for the first time in a long time doing better, by the way, than the United States as they're all forming alliances with each other in other countries isolating the United States. So that's what's actually happening on the ground here. I mean, take a look at this. While the US spirals into a Trump induced chaos, European equity markets are now outperforming US markets by a record margin, not just, not even close by a record margin. Like Ben, do you remember, remember all the headlines that we would wake up to during the Biden administration where it would be like us leads the world in GDP growth, you know, post Covid recovery, US leads the world in employment, US leads the world in this leads the world.


Now us beating China for the first time in 50 years, these were the stories we would wake up to every day under the Biden administration. Then Fox would tell us why was all horrible. Now the stories we wake up to are this, we wake up to that. The European markets are way ahead of us. We're waking up to that. There are these alliances forming that China is now the world leader and they are actually being quite smart. 'cause they're going out to people who have previously been like not their friends and are going, Hey, let's get together. We gotta get against this guy. They're even going to Europe and they're going, we could figure out some traits that between us, we, we don't need the United States anymore. You have the Canadians boycotting the US and shout out to the Canadians. You know, we are in full solidarity with all you and everybody who Donald Trump keeps coming after.


I mean, it's a disgrace to us. And then he has the nerve to, in these conversations with the press, you see Donald Trump often go, we are now more respected than we've ever been. We're the most respected nation. Now it's completely different. And it's actually, no, we're actually the opposite. Okay? We're a fricking clown show. Everybody thinks that we are. It's just completely embarrassing. Everybody thinks we look like fools. And it, it's just the whole thing is embarrassing, quite frankly. Trump the great unifier. Yeah. He's unifying everybody against the United States. Way, way to go Trump. Way to way to go, buddy. Okay. I was talking about great point Jordan. I I, someone in our group chat while we're live showed me that photo of your leg. Jordy. Yes. You may wanna reevaluate that them.


Anyway, Josh wheel, the, the Democratic candidate for Florida's six congressional district. He's out with some ads that don't pull any punches, you know, and, and this reminds me of like the earliest Midas days too. Like where it was like, just go, like, just, just don't mince words. Just say it. Just go out there and you know, you don't need to hold back where you have Doge and Musk and this wrecking ball. Take a look at the ad that Josh Wheel who's running for Florida's six congressional seat, which is now open because Mike Walls, the national security advisor who leaked all of the classified information And that signal group thread, and then invited into the chat.


Jeffrey Goldberg from the Atlantic. Oh, do not do that. Is he doing it again? It was, oh, that's the photo. I thought he was doing it again. I thought you were doing it again. I was in the chat. I didn't see what Brett did, but I'm, I'm assuming he brought up the photo. It was probably my excellent again, leg day today. Did, yeah. I'm proud of those CVEs. That's, that's some good branding right there. Coke is getting some love night. Let me show you the, Josh, let me show you the Josh wheel head. I'm Josh Wheel and I approve this message. Randy. Fine. A violent, corrupt politician. So radical and dangerous. He supports the effort to cut 880 billion for Medicaid, devastating disabled children and those in nursing homes.


Fine is so unhinged and anti-American. He supports the idea that social security is the biggest Ponzi scheme of all time. He wants to cut 700 billion stealing from your retirement, Randy, fine unhinged on American. Pull up the photo Brett of the Donald Trump, JD Vance. No, not that photo. The photo, not that photo, the photo. This is where we get immature as Brett, the, the photo at the cas, you know, which is what the MAGA Republicans are posting on their foreign affairs committee. I mean, so I don't know how else you can describe what these MAGA are doing and what Doge is doing other than how Josh wheel is like describing it, right?


Like, like this, this is real. What we're showing you right there, that this is the MAGA Republican House Foreign Affairs Committee, right? This is supposed to be a, this is supposed to be serious stuff. And that is what they're, that is what they're posting right there. I'll share this with you as well. This is from Judge Crawford in Wisconsin and here's how she describes Brad Shimmel, the magar Republican Doge candidate in the ad that she just had to come out here and Play this clip. It was just a one-time thing. That's what Brad Shimmel said when he gave a quote, sweet Bargain to a man who sexually assaulted a 10-year-old girl. The sex predator served just 18 months in prison for his crime and got out a few weeks ago.


He was convicted of sexually assaulting a child again. And that was just one time Brad Shimel let a sex predator loose on our kids. So why would we ever give him another chance? Brad Shimel two extreme for the Supreme Court. Also, you should know that Brad Shimel, as I mentioned earlier, dressed up as Donald Trump for Halloween. He would go to those Trump boat parades and it would be like, I look Jesus and Trump's my president. Like he would do shirts like that. Like this is the guy they want to have implement the Doge agenda in Wisconsin. Again, just a reminder, the election Wasn Tuesday. It's April 1st.


And in Wisconsin. And in Florida, these are key key races right there. Let me give some legal news as well. Some updates in the various court cases Earlier today, a federal judge barred the Trump regime from ending temporary protected status for 350,000 Venezuelan nationals, which was slated to expire next week. This order by Judge Chen said the decision by the Trump regime appeared to be rooted in racial discrimination against Venezuelans by Nome and Trump saying that they basically intentionally distorted data to label the massive group of Venezuelan TPS holders to be linked to crime.


Now, it's worth mentioning as well that the Venezuelan community, especially in southern Florida, big Trump community, these are family members of Trump voters, Cubans for Trump. Venezuelans for Trump. So what does he do? He turns around with Christie Nome and his MAGA regime and he labels all Venezuelans basically trend deua. Like that's the pretext to do all of this. All gang members, everybody's a criminal, you know, and again, we've been reporting on these stories. Mother Jones has been doing a great job reporting on these stories. Time Magazine has done a great job reporting on these stories.


I mean, you've got this guy who we've talked about before. Andre, a gay makeup artist sent to ROT in a prison in El Salvador. They call him trend deua 'cause he has a tattoo that said mom and dad on his arms. We talked about an individual who had an autism awareness tattoo sent to rot in the El Salvador prison system. There you had someone with the Real Madrid tattoo. They were labeled Trend Deua in connection with the lawsuits that had been filed in this area of this ghoulish program, kidnapping program by the Trump regime.


The A CLU filed documents, which basically said, here's how ICE is determining it. It basically, if you have a tattoo and there's certain street wear, like a color of the clothes, those things make you gang members in their mind. And you don't get to process. You don't get to say, Hey, by the way, can you, can I try to prove it to you? Nope. They go, you go to concentration camps in El Salvador. So you have this one case right here that involves the federal judge barring for now the Trump regime from ending the temporary protected status. Because once that's ended, right, then you go to the next step, which is the sending these people either back to Venezuela where their political exiles and they'd potentially get tortured or killed from the Maduro regime where they fled to then become lawfully here into the United States, or they get sent to El Salvador.


Then there's the other case that the A CLU filed against the Trump regime. That's before Judge Boberg, where Boberg through at least mid-April, blocked the Trump regime from sending or kidnapping migrants and sending them to El Salvador without providing due process. Judge Boberg earlier today set a Thursday hearing on his efforts to determine whether the Justice Department violated his orders, restraining the removals under the Alien Enemies Act. And then we learned in the past 24 hours that the Trump regime sent more people to El Salvador and they said they're doing it not under the Alien Enemies Act, but under something else that they don't want to even talk about what it's, and again, I want to be very clear, I don't want gang members on the street.


Nobody wants that. We have a system for putting gang members in prisons and deporting them that already exists. Call me old fashioned. But I believe in due process because I don't want to hear or see or learn about people being kidnapped in the United States and then being sent to concentration camps in El Salvador, concentration camps anywhere, or being sent to any place without having an ability to show or share who it is that they are. That's the system that we have. And as the old adage goes, right, first they came for this group and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a part of this group.


Then they came for this group. I didn't speak up because I wasn't part of this group. Then they came for this group and I didn't speak up and then they came for me and there was nobody left speaking up for me. That's the lesson of history. And that's why right now it is important that we all, I Think basically commit that we are a nation of laws. Due process is a thing, due process is a thing. And we're gonna keep highlighting these stories here on the might such network. And then, you know, Brett, you broke the story about when Christie Nome wearing the $60,000 Rolex watch, one of the El Salvador prison, which by the way is also a violation of the Geneva Convention to like parade yourself Cru and use people as props as a Geneva Convention violation as well.


It is horrific to see, and by the way, why lots of countries are also not traveling. They're having people travel to the United States and they're issuing tourism warnings. They're telling their people, if you go to the United States, you may end up in ice detention or in concentration camps. If you go to the United States, they're telling their people the US is a dangerous, dangerous place under the Trump regime And that it can't be trusted. This is a natural consequences of Trump's horrific, horrific policies. And it's shameful. And one of the things that they're always gonna try to do, and, and they're gonna continue this throughout this entire administration, is they wanna try to put you in this hard to answer question or this situation that they think is a hard thing to answer, right?


Like with Doge for example, their whole thing is, oh, so you don't want the government to be efficient. Oh, so you like waste and abuse and fraud. They always try to frame it in a way to try to get your back against the wall to try because they wanna be able to do the indefensible and have zero resistance to that. I say, fuck that, don't let them do that because they will gonna, they're gonna do that for everything. So I've heard so many like sort of, you know, strateg political strategists and stuff say, oh, this isn't the fight that you want to take. You don't wanna rail against Doge because the people are gonna think you're against government efficiency or you don't wanna rail against the what Donald Trump's doing, what the Alien Enemies Act because they're gonna think you support gang members in the country and unfettered immigration and, And that you want gang members to be in people's towns and cities and violent murderers.


And I just don't accept that framing whatsoever. I Think it is imperative that we all speak out over these issues and acknowledge, yes, no, we don't want gang members here. Yes, of course we want the government to be efficient, but we don't believe that you should be allowed to kidnap a human being because they have a tattoo that says mom on their wrist and send them to an El Salvador in prison without due process. That is not okay. This is a human rights issue. This is some of, this is the kind of stuff that some of the most vile dictators have done in history. And I will not stand by silent because people think it might be politically expedient to and say nothing when we are witnessing these horrors of this administration.


And I Think this message is getting through to people. I mean, you even saw today, you know, it reached, maybe he was just intimidated by our, our, our podcast numbers, but even saw Joe Rogan go, oh, this is kind of screwed up. He like Rogan was like, yeah, no, it's actually this isn't cool that they're just rounding up random people that they sent this barber to El Salvador and torture prison camp because he had a tattoo. Like, that's not cool. When you hear a guy like that saying that you're kinda like, okay, this is kind of breaking through a little bit because it's so obvious. That's the thing to me too. These things to me are so clear. It is truth verse lies, it is morality versus immorality. And we need to stand on the side of the truth.


We need to stand on the side of morals. We need to stand on the side of the law and point out how these people are breaking the law every single day. How they're violating every single principle that this nation is supposed to be about. And we need to call them out for being un-American and inhumane every single day and do it unapologetically. Stop worrying about, oh, well then they're gonna try to tell you so that you're into this, that you're into that. No, I am sorry, lead with your values. Speak up for people and show some conviction. Speaking a conviction. I don't wanna end this episode without giving a shout out to Cory Booker right now who is giving a, delivering an old fashioned filler buster right now on the Senate floor.


He said he's going to speak until he physically cannot anymore to protest the Trump and Musk regime. So we haven't been able to tune into him 'cause we've been doing this show live. But just wanted to give him a shout out for doing something and speaking truth to power on the Senate floor. It's so important right now. Do not back down. Finally, I just wanna say, I don't think that people want Democrats to look more maga. I'd be very clear about that. They want 'em to be fighters and fight maga harder and put it all out on the line because people are suffering, people are feeling pain. And it is so important that we understand what people are actually going through.


It's important that we listen to what the people are experiencing and whether they're a democrat, republican, or independent. Pain and suffering doesn't have a political party. Pain and suffering is something that we all as Americans, as citizens of this world should want to try to minimize, mitigate, and eliminate. Just trying to be good people with this Trump and Magm movement, they want to inflict pain.


They relish in the pain that they're causing and the suffering that they are doing should not be more like them, should be as far from them. We should never scro sacrifice our empathy, our joy, our hope. But don't confuse those things for weakness because we can fight like our life depends on it because it does. And for the people out there who are experiencing this pain and suffering, which is most Americans, unless you're a billionaire, they want fighters right now.


We commit to you that the Midas Touch network, we will fight every day, every minute, every second. And we welcome fighters here in the Midas Touch Network. Thank you Midas Mighty, we appreciate you so much. Thank you to our mods, thank you to everybody. Hit subscribe. Help us get to 5 million Subscribe. Meidas, we appreciate you. Thanks for everybody who got those elbows up, emojis, all. Lets go. Shout out to the Midas.


Can't get enough. Midas,


check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.