
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spend $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's number one sports book two one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Mighty, smarty, great to see you again. I wanna do a rapid response just given the news cycle and all the issues on health that continue to pop. I I didn't wanna wait too long and I'm gonna keep this brief. Number one, fluoride. You've heard probably in the news that RFK is saying that we're gonna ban fluoride in water sources across the country. Turns out that doesn't make any sense. This is a solution that he's offering in search of a problem, which by the way, doesn't exist in the United States. This is what he does. He draws fringe science and he draws sort of half truths from science that has not been proven to actually be what he thinks it to be and then starts to generalize and make these grandiose statements.


And that's exactly what he's doing here with fluoride. Turns out in the United States, we put fluoride into the water supply for a reason. It prevents dental cavities and tooth decay. And when monitored and within a certain level, it's very safe. It doesn't cause any issues with, you know, accelerating any problems in the body, harm to the bones, really no issues whatsoever. And that's been proven time and time again. Here's the other piece. We monitor our water supply for its fluoride levels very, very closely. 99.9% of tests for fluoride in the water supply across the United States, greater than 99.9% of tests across the country, frankly have shown that fluoride levels are at the target goal 0.7 milligrams per liter.


That's where we want it to be. Those numbers may not mean a lot to you, but it's to say that we are monitoring the situation extremely closely. The EPA US Public Health Service is doing that. It's been doing that for decades. That's why these issues or these suggestions that there's some harm coming from fluoride in the drinking water supply across the United States has no merit to it. This is, again, a solution he's offering in search of a problem that does not exist in the United States. Fluoride has benefits when within safe levels. Again, it prevents tooth decay cavities and frankly, it keeps kids in school. It promotes a, if kids have cavities, they're likely to be absent from school for a day or two as they deal with it.


So fluoride supplementation has been shown to actually keep kids in school learning and, and doing the things that they should be doing. So that's number one. Number two, this utah's movement towards banning fluoride is completely just genuflecting to no signs of evidence, no evidence-based science. You know, nothing really legitimate coming from the HHS agency right now under Kennedy. There's really, there's no evidence again that what Utah has done at the state level to ban fluoride now. And that drinking water supply is based on an any new evidence or new insights. They're simply genuflecting and trying to create favor. It seems so important to keep that in mind.


We wa we monitor the water supply extremely closely for fluoride. There's never been any issues in the United States and when fluoride, for example, is outside what we recommend it to be at very high levels, can it cause problems? Sure, of course. And that's what RFK is pointing to. Some studies suggesting that when fluoride is at excessive levels, potentially it can cause issues with bone development, potentially even brain development. And so yes, if there was a concern about excessive fluoride in the drinking water supply, which again does not exist, there's something we would be needing to look into. We monitor the water supply very closely.


It's not an issue. Number two, real quickly, an update on measles. Measles and the outbreak in Texas, primarily in Texas continues to worsen. We have a former top vaccine regulator at the FDA just yesterday instead that he believes that this is gonna be one of the worst measles outbreaks on record. And that our, our, our accomplishment over the last 20 years of actually having removed and eradicated measles from the United States that we're at risk of losing that status, which would be an enormous, enormous stain on Kennedy's HHS and really reflective of the damage he's done not just over the last few months and his tepid endorsement of the vaccine of the measles vaccine for example.


Which by the way is the best way to protect yourself from measles. We've said this time and again on this podcast and other venues, one dose of the vaccine starts promoting antibodies against measles in just a few days. It's 93% are effective, two doses, 97% effective. They are very safe and unfortunately he's been very tepid in his messaging on the measles vaccine and he's been undermining its safety and its efficacy profile and and promoting mistruths about this very vaccine for the last 20 years. So it's no wonder that we are where we are directly because of him. Real quick also to fact check some of the nonsense he's been putting out there.


Inhaled budesonide, he keeps talking about inhaled budesonide and antibiotics like clarithromycin as somehow cure alls for measles. I'm a pulmonologist. I use inhaled budesonide for certain conditions. I use clarithromycin for certain conditions. We do not use them as treatments or measles. There's a very clear use case for things like inhaled steroids, antibiotics like clarithromycin. Measles is not one of them. It's complete nonsense. This suggests that these are things that have been proven to be treatments. Can they be helpful if somebody has a pneumonia, potentially pneumonia like complications in the setting of measles.


Maybe an inhaled steroid could potentially be useful. Is it a treatment? No. It could help reduce symptoms potentially. And again, we use it, we use it all the time in American medicine. We do not use it in any way, shape or form as a treatment for measles. So again, real truth both on fluoride, there's a lot of nonsense out there. It's important to understand that this is something that we take seriously. Fluoride in the drinking water supply. We monitor it closely. There are no issues with fluoride in the drinking water supply in the United States. And I'd be delighted to look at data from anybody that the believes that there is. Data suggesting that the fluoride levels on our water supply in, in some way proven to be harmful.


It hasn't been. And number two, clear eye on what is happening with measles. And also recognizing, please pass this message on, there are no treatments for measles steroids. Antibiotics do not treat measles. And this is a big, big thing to emphasize because people are under the wrong impression and there are over it. They're taking, for example, too much vitamin A. There are cases of toxic overdose to vitamin A causing things like liver toxicity. We're seeing these cases pop up in Texas again, it's no surprise, sadly this is the result and the handiwork of our incumbent health secretary, he's responsible for that 'cause that's what he's been saying and putting out there, not just again for the last few months, but for decades.


Real truth. We'll talk to you soon. Thank you. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.