
The NFL playoffs are better with FanDuel because right now new customers can bet $5 and get 300 bucks in bonus bets if you win. That's $300 in bonus bets. If you win your first $5 bet. FanDuel an official sports book partner of the NFL 21 plus in president select seats. First online real money wager only $5 first deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.


Trump's approval rating is in the toilet bowl right now. Some of the worst approval ratings in the history of pre inauguration, only 41% of Americans approve. This is supposed to be the honeymoon period. It's turning out to just be more of the same for Donald Trump. Donald Trump, the American people hate you. And you take a look at those confirmation hearings. You get confirmation why? I mean, you got some of the most unqualified people avoiding answering the most basic questions, whether they'd follow the constitution, whether they have basic competence and qualifications for the job.


When they did answer questions, they made it very clear their priorities are to help the billionaire oligarchs and screw over. We the people. We'll break down not just the Heif hearing, but we should talk about Trump's treasury. Secretary Pick Scott Beson. We should talk about Pam Bondi, who Trump wants to be Attorney General. We should talk about Russ Vote, the project 2025 Architect who Trump wants to run the Office of Management and Budget. We will talk about all of that. Also, we'll talk about the world uniting against Donald Trump who said Donald Trump can't bring people together. Well, here in the United States he can't. But when it comes to the world, he's finding a way to unite countries against the United States.


We're seeing that, for example, in Canada, where a big meeting was held in Ottawa, where mostly all of the premiers and the, at the provincial level, and then the federal government, regardless of the political parties joined together, there was one premier from Alberta, her name is Daniel Smith. She took the pilgrimage of shame to Mar-a-Lago where Donald Trump just further shamed her and said that 25% tariffs across the board, no exceptions are happening on day one. But other than her, Canada is fairly united against the United States ready for retaliatory tariffs ready to inflict pain on the United States in retaliation for the United States.


Inflict inflicting pain on that also, Mexico's ready. Europe's ready. Basically everyone's ready to inflict pain on the US on day one, when Trump goes through with the executive orders, he's threatening and promising. There's a MAGA Civil war taking place. You have MAGA Mike Johnson basically firing Republican. Mike Turner, who heads the intelligence committee or did head the intelligence committee in the House of Representatives. Turner had been a Republican congress member, represents the Dayton area of Ohio since 2003. A fairly respected guy on a bipartisan basis. He supported Ukraine. He supported nato.


So Donald Trump told Maga Mike, you gotta fire the guy. MAGA Mike fired the guy. The Republican conference is pissed. They like Turner. We're seeing it at the state level as well, where a MAGA Republican state senator was literally Beatdown by other Republicans 'cause he was banned from showing up to Republican governor Brian Kemp's, state of the state speech. He still tried to show up anyway, and then he was like literally shoved to the ground and he got arrested Republican on Republican violence right there. Now we'll talk about President Biden's farewell addressed to the American people from the Oval Office where he warned about the oligarchy.


He warned about the tech bro industrial complex. And then he also talked about how he wants to make sure there is a constitutional amendment, banning presidential immunity. We'll talk about all of that and more. This is the Midas Touch podcast. I'm Ben Marcel is joined by Brett and Jordy. A lot to discuss. Brothers and Midas mighty Whole lot going on folks. It's great to be here with everybody. Quick update here from Los Angeles. It feels like things are, are stabilizing here, which is good. Hopefully things stay that way. Hopefully these wins. Don't knock anything back up. Thanks again for to everybody, for all your support over these past few crazy weeks.


Oh my gosh, so much in the news right now. We made a big announcement on our social media as well this week that we will not be airing the inauguration here on Midas Touch. We've decided our editorial staff came together and we have determined that it is in the best interests of our audience of the country. For us not to be streaming the inauguration live. We will be having some alternative programming. We could get to that maybe a little later or give you some of our ideas. So see what you think about it. I think, I think, I think we could still have still have fun on that horrible day. Hint, Hint. Lots of puppies. He's not, he's he's not kidding. You said come on, was Trying surprises.


I was trying to do the deep teas over here, but, but He tell you exactly what it's, that's not how hints work. Yeah. Ben's, Ben's not good at the deep deal. It's okay. It's okay. There's more we, we, we'll get into more of that after. But that's it for me for now. I'm excited to get into the news. Jordy, how's it going by you? Super, super excited to get into the show today. Ben, excited for you to talk about how Donald Trump is this great unifier against Donald Trump and Maga just so incredible to see what's happening over there in Canada. I, by the way, new friend on blue sky. We're on blue sky for everyone who has been asking at Midas touched and then at all of our regular handles that you all know. My buddy JF came up with the Maple Mighty.


He's a fellow Canadian and he is like, he's like the maple mighty love y'all out here. I love Maple Mighty. I've also seen people because we're, we, we have a lot of people in Canada who listen to and watch the show, which is super cool. We've obviously been entering Canadian politics a bit and covering Canada and we will in this episode as well. I also saw the Maple Midas, which I, which I really, which I really like as well. I I I love our Canadian fans. I love all of our fans. Our Canadian fans have been so awesome, so welcoming as we do the coverage. So shout out Canada. Well, it stands in contrast to Maple Maga. The issue was a lot of the conservative party was overtaken by all of these, you know, MAGA extremist views. And they were kind of proudly declaring themself as MAGA Maple or Maple Maga.


A lot of them stopped that 'cause they felt betrayed by Donald Trump. They were like, dude, we were, we were your team. What are you, what are you doing? I mean, the person you see there on the left, Doug Ford, the conservative premier of Ontario, he would like wear MAGA hats. Now he's wearing hats that say basically Canada, you're not touching. I mean, United States not for sale. You're Not touching Canada. Canada's not for sale. And so, you know, he's done a complete 180. You still have this conservative premier from Alberta, Daniel Smith, who's very problematic. And she tried to divide and conquer, but got humiliated. But let's start here. Domestically in the United States where Donald Trump's a favorability rating is like the lowest ever going into an inauguration.


Usually there's, I'm gonna say this shocked me. I'm not gonna lie, Ben, this, this really surprised me because like you said, usually you're in this period and you think you're having this honeymoon period where your ratings are gonna be high. And some of the initial approval polls of Trump were in the positive territory. I I, I mean some of the best polls that he's received, and by the way, while still, while being in the positive territory, still lower historically than most presidents, if not all presidents, when they actually enter office, but positive nonetheless. So it's been interesting to see over the past few weeks that these numbers have shifted so strongly. And I think it's because folks are finally, are already rather seeing what a Trump administration means and are seeing that a Trump administration is quite literally an administration for the billionaires, for the oligarch.


So I'll pull up this poll, Ben, while you speak about it. Yeah, look, you've got Biden's approval rating heading in was about 65%, 70%. Donald Trump's approval rating is like 41%. I mean, just think about how underwater that is right there. And I think Americans are realizing that Donald Trump is A-W-M-D-A weapon of mass distraction. I don't know, like all of the crazy stuff that he's posting doesn't hit the way it did. I know corporate media wants us to chase it. The good news is that our platform's just as big if not bigger than corporate media now. So when Donald Trump wants to try to distract us, we'll cover how serious some of these bizarre and dangerous and threatening statements that he make are.


But we're gonna always bring it back to egg prices are at record highs, mortgage rates at record highs, the price of goods record highs we showed previously on the last episode that trump's envoy to Ukraine. Keith Kellogg is saying that he'll need at least 100 days before even a framework is developed for trying to discuss a peace deal there where Trump said it would be 24 hours after the election, or just even assume he meant 24 hours after inauguration, which is not what he actually said. That's not going to happen. So it's lie after lie after lie. In Americans who have now been Googling what are tariffs, he probably should have done that before the election.


And also Americans and corporations that rely on labor from foreign sources, including undocumented labor and construction and hospitality and agriculture and other areas in, in red states like Texas and Nebraska and, and elsewhere. They're saying, well, wait a minute. Like so you're actually gonna deport like all of our workers and do workplace raids. Well, why are you gonna do that? We, we need those workers. Can we do some sort of comprehensive immigration plan? I don't know, like the one President Biden introduced that Donald Trump killed, which would've had the strongest border as well as a comprehensive plan to make sure that the bad guys were prosecuted.


Which by the way, they are. And those contributing have at least a pathway towards citizenship where they don't have to hide in the shadows and we can actually fix a broken immigration system. Oh yeah. But Donald Trump intentionally killed that bill. 'cause he said it was a winning issue for him to create chaos at the border and to create chaos in our immigration system. So look, when Donald Trump makes a post like this, remember he's just trying to do a bait and switch. Oh, Donald Trump goes, it's my honor to announce John Voight, Mel Gibson, Sylvester Stallone, they'll become special ambassadors to Hollywood, California.


Okay. Really? I mean, you're creating, you're making up an ambassadorship to Hollywood, California. O okay, Donald cool, bro. But what about lower prices? Cool, bro. But what about the prices of eggs and groceries? Cool, bro. How are you gonna make housing more affordable when the 10 year yield on the bond market is pricing in the chaos you're about to cause? And now mortgage rates are up past 7%. Oh, and by the way, those billionaire oligarch bros of yours, the guys like Scott Besson who run hedge funds at private equity companies, yeah, they're the people who are scooping up the supply of housing and making it so expensive because the supply is diminished because they're commoditizing housing and buying it up.


So regular folk can't buy homes. Oh, those are your buddies. What are you doing there? Donald Trump says, I am hereby creating the external revenue service. The external revenue service will be like the Internal Revenue Service, except they're going to collect the tariffs. Dude, what are you even talking about? This is a real post from him. External revenue service. Okay? Tariffs are a tax on American companies, the importing company in America to try to dissuade them from getting goods from abroad. That's what it is. W that that, Do you notice by the way, that everything that he says, like the, the whole thing in the beginning right, was Doge, right?


We're gonna create this department of government efficiency, which is like a fake pseudo department. And then the first hint that this wasn't gonna be super efficient was him assigning two people to run Doge. Two people run the departments. So he had two people run it. Not very efficient. Now it seems like every announcement, he's just making government bigger. Like, I don't know if people who consider themselves conservative realize the irony of this. Like we already have departments that collect tariffs. That's already a thing that we have. Like the custom service, the, the custom and border patrol, they handle tariffs. So now Donald Trump wants to put a, a duplicative department in the government, thereby making the US government even larger.


It just doesn't sound super efficient. But what I've noticed about a lot of the things that Trump says is that, and I don't mean to sound demeaning to people, but a lot of the things probably sound really good to really dumb people. And I I, and I've noticed the people, the the people who get excited about this are always the same kind of suspects. And I see 'em on the other apps too. I see 'em on TikTok, I see 'em on the various, they're Like, yeah, bro, external revenues, sir. Yeah. F yeah, we, this is Go America, bro. Gulf of America. Yeah, exactly. Gulf of America, bro. We got Golf. I'm like, this is the dumbest shit on the planet. What are we doing here? People like, and, and you know what, that's the weapon of mass distraction, right?


Because like the dog in the movie up, Donald Trump is able to go Gulf of America, Gulf of America, wave the keys where it's a squirrel, squirrel over there. And then his followers, like the ones I'm speaking about, they go squirrel. And they look over there and then Meanwhile all the stuff is damaging their lives, raising prices, raising mortgage rates, really screwing them over while they're, they're pumping their chests and pumping their fists over the fact that he wants to rename something Gulf of America or has created another department that is useless and has no point. I mean, it's the same thing every time. I think this, every time the guy posts and the oligarch should Just sit back, laugh as they count their money.


It is so Pathetic. Well, you know, it's that first scene or, or one of the first episodes of the new Squid games. I'm not gonna try to ruin it on, on Netflix. And by the way, I really couldn't get through it because I really can't watch anything on Netflix in general. Like, I, I can't, I I I, I, there's nothing I can no span. Yeah, I'm zero, zero attention span. But there, but they, you know, to, to watch that type of stuff, like, there's so much real world stuff that I just can't get into, like fake worlds personally, I don't know. That's my my own thing. But the guy who won, the actor who won in in, in the fictional character who won squid games, one comes back to Squid games two, and then tries to like warn all of the people how the games work.


Look, here's what's gonna happen. They're going to shoot you if you do this, hold the line and stop. Do not be distracted by what they're about to say. I'm telling you what's going to happen. And so in the scene as he's warning the people about what's going to happen for most of it, he's able to do it. He goes, you see, that's the hustle. I I'm proving it. Look right there. This is what they did in the first season. You know, this is what they did when I won it. And then as he's trying to tell people, the people still couldn't resist it. And they're like, I don't know about it. I'm gonna go and try to run anyway. And then they would get like shot basically, right? I mean the, the, we've played the squid games before with Donald Trump or the Hunger Games.


We've been through it once before. This time it's going to be worse. But we actually know the playbook. So what we always wanna warn you about is do not get distracted by the shiny objects. Focus on what we need to focus about. It's why. Let's talk about what I think are some of the most important clips from some of these confirmation hearings that are actually not getting the attention they deserve. Look, we've covered the Hsif hearing. He's completely unqualified. The guy's got a a horrific past. His moral character is garbage. I would just describe it as just consistent, perpetual moral turpitude is what this guy's engaged and he's unqualified.


He is never led anything before. The fact that Republicans want to make this guy the Secretary of Defense just shows you there's no depths to their depths of depravity. And frankly, in my opinion, hatred of the United States of America, if you're willing to make that guy the Secretary of Defense, you hate this country because why else would you pick somebody who would do such damage to the country? So stipulated, we get it. That's who the Republicans are. I can go on for hours about what it, how dangerous this guy is. We've done other videos on, i I wanna show you clips that you're not seeing though. So Trump's pick for treasury secretary Scott Bessant, his, his confirmation hearing, he was asked by Bernie Sanders.


So we've been been told a lot about, you know, you're gonna, you're gonna help the workers, right? That was some of the campaign promises. You're gonna raise the minimum wage, huh? You, you 7 25. We should raise that federal minimum wage, right? 'cause you, you wanna help the billionaires. How about bringing the minimum wage up from $7 and 25 cents to something a little more? Watch the exchange. Right now in America, we have over 22 million workers who are making less than $15 an hour and nearly 40 million people in our country earning less than $17 an hour shamefully the federal minimum wage, despite the efforts of myself and other people here have not been raised since 2009 and remains an unbelievable $7 and 25 cents an hour.


Will you work with those of us who wanna raise the federal minimum wage to a living wage to take millions of Americans out of poverty? Senator, I I believe that the minimum wage is more of a statewide and regional issue. So You don't think we should change the federal minimum wage of $7 and 25 cents an hour? No, sir. Okay. Mr. Besson, Just think about that answer right there and then juxtapose that to this clip where Besson says his top priority, the biggest priority, how he thinks he's going to be judged is by ensuring that the billionaires get their tax cuts. Here.


Watch this. Senator, Senator Repo, thank you for this and thank you via for the meetings over the past few weeks. I've enjoyed working with your staff and this is the single most important economic issue of the day. This is pass fail. That if we do not the fix these tax cuts, if we do not renew and extend, then we will be facing an economic calamity. And then I want you to see this clip right here of him as well, where he's asked, do you think that there are any policies that Trump has proposed that will increase prices for families?


Hint, hint, tariffs, hint, hint. Bloody mass deportations, hint, hint. And then scent. By the way, lemme give you Scott Besson's background. You know how all the MAGA republicans are like, this is a George Soros plant, which it's never true. And it's always like some attempt at being like anti-Semitic to link people to like a, like a Jewish banker. And like that's the whole concept that this is a George Soros. This guy was literally George Soros money manager. This guy ran George Soros money and then launched his own hedge fund after rising the ranks for Soros. And then he became basically the tool of the oligarchs to implement their agenda.


That's who this guy is here. So watch this next question though, and then just listen carefully at the end where the senator says, So let me get this straight though. 'cause if the prices go up then, 'cause we all know the prices will go up under Trump. They're already going up in anticipation. You'll agree that it was a failure though, because you're saying that because prices went up under Biden, Biden was a failure. And then he goes, I I I just don't think I can say that I don I don't think I'll be able to say thought at all at all here, watch this. Are any specific policies proposed by the president-elect that you expect will increase prices for families? There not, nothing I can immediately think of.


So that's a no. If the president-elect were to propose a policy that you believe will increase prices, would you advise against it? I would advise, I would speak to President Trump about it. It is his decision and I believe that we think that if we look back, that it is a complete composite return in terms of aggregate inflation numbers. And I think it's very difficult. Well if you, you I have limited time. So if you believe that a policy that is proposed by President Trump would increase prices, would you advise him against doing it?


Yes or no? I I can't answer that question because it, it, it's a hypothetical. Alright, let's move on to when we met prior to the hearing, you told me that President Biden was responsible for increased prices over the past four years. Something we can litigate, but I don't want to right here. By the same token, I assume you would agree that if prices increase in the next four years, president-elect Trump would be responsible. I think there could be a variety, variety of reasons. I can answer that. I think it's a complete composite on the returns of the aggregate inflation number. The first 15 seconds wasn't, wasn't even a sentence. He was just President Trump.


I cannot respond to the hypothetical all that you're giving me. It's a complete aggregate mosaic. It's a mosaic and let's face, I need to, I need to do the mosaic. He is clearly coached to say as little as possible in, in these hearings. And by the way, I feel like all these people are kind of coached to say as little as possible. And you know, you kind of have to assume that most if not all of these nominees are going to get through now that they've made it to this stage. Just the makeup of the Republicans, the makeup of the, of the Senate of the Congress. And, and you know, then they're gonna vote along party lines, you know, and some, some of them will be much wi wider margins than others, depending on if they're more serious candidates or if they're people like a heg Seth.


But Besson's gonna get in there easy. But it's still good to get these folks on the record with these questions. So I think why those, that line of questioning was so important, even if he didn't give a straight answer there. But he did give a straight answer in that Bernie Sanders clip. And I thought that was very telling to hear him say adamantly no not interested in a federal minimum wage. That's a state issue. The federal minimum wage is, it's a federal minimum wage. It's absolutely not a state issue. It's been 7 25 for decades now. It's, it's, it's quite frankly an an embarrassing minimum wage that our country is at. And I, but, but I think that folks who want to oppose this administration and this party need to continuously emphasize is the fact that this is the party of the oligarchs.


And that's why I was just very excited to hear President Biden make that stark warning during his speech, which we'll get to later, his farewell address. But one of the things that I've been pulling my hair out, and I know I've said it on the show, maybe every episode since the election is like, isn't it so obvious? Like, look at the people who are running this party. You have Vivek Ramas Swami, who in my opinion, by all accounts basically scammed his way into becoming a billionaire with the way that he basically did this pump a dump, dump scheme to get rich. You have Elon Musk, you have Donald Trump, you have people like Scott Biss. You literally, you have all the oligarchs coming together right now. You have all the kind of big tech people coming together.


You have the Zuckerbergs, you have the Bezos you like, like it couldn't be more clear and the contrast couldn't be more clear. So it's like you have something to run against here and you have policies that the people are, that are very popular amongst the people. I mean, there's a reason love m there's a reason that Senator Bernie Sanders has something like a 69% approval rating. I saw this earlier today. 69% approval rating in his state, highest in the entire United States Senate. His disapproval is just at 27%. Those are unbelievable numbers, unbelievable approval numbers to have in the Senate. And why? It's because he's speaking to these issues.


Now more people should be speaking to these issues that actually resonate with working people. Ironically, many of the people who voted for Trump for whatever reason, but these are the people whose policies Trump, who the policies of Trump are going to ultimately end up hurting. And it's like they're laughing in their face when they have Elon Musk up there kind of mocking them and mocking government workers. And you have the Bezos and all these people. It couldn't be clear. You have such an opportunity for clear, concise messaging on this topic. Don't let that slip away. Hey Brett, ask me a question. Let's pretend that I am one of Trump's cabinet officials or picks who he's picking.


Ask, ask me a question about how I would handle matters in the, in the administration. So how would you handle Sir, sir, sir, sir, how would you handle matters relating to tariff policy? What Donald Trump's gonna do by imposing blanket tariffs on, on every country, basically across the world? Will that raise prices? Is it, is it gonna be, is it gonna create hardship for everyday Americans? Well, I haven't spoken this stage to the president-elect. I I cannot answer a hypothetical of that nature. I I, I will say that I have full faith that the president will engage thoughtfully.


He will build a can I just, he'll build, he, he will build a composite structure with the right team. There will be synergies in place. I am confident that ultimately a solution will be reached that will be complimentary to the overall operation. That it's a long Bit, it's a long bit You're, you, you're you're in. But that's what they do though, right? It's a long, it's a long bit. You're right. We gotta go to our first. That, that's my issue with the hearings, at least this stage, given the makeup of the Senate, They didn't force out the nominees up until this point there. They're confirmed.


I I, I hate to say there's nothing that any of these folks could say up, you know, when they're being questioned, aside from I hate Donald Trump, that would get them removed from the cabinet position that, that you know, that they're going for. And so I do, I do wanna say this, I like it for the Bernie Sanders moment. And I think Dems in general need to get more pointed with their questions instead of these open-ended more ambiguous questions. Because if this is just a, Hey, let's get this person on record so we all could hear it and see it, then let's get real frigging pointed with how we're asking these questions. 'cause everyone here is gonna get confirmed. Oh, and it was a long bit. We gotta go to our first ad break.


I wanna remind everybody to check out patreon.com/midas touch in the next week or so. We'll hold another meeting. If you ever wanted to meet Brett, Jordy and myself in a private meeting, sign up for patreon.com/midas touch. We don't have outside investor, so it's one of the ways we grow. Let's take a quick break.


When it comes to cookware, I've always struggled with choosing between the performance and durability of stainless steel pans and the easy cleanup of non-stick. But then I discovered HexClad. And let me tell you, it's completely revamped my entire kitchen and it's made all my friends pretty jealous with HexClad. You don't have to choose their pants. Combine the performance stainless steel with the convenience of non-stick in one incredible design. So whether I'm searing a steak, making a delicate omelet, or whipping up a quick stir fry, HexClad handles it all beautifully and cleanup it's a breeze. These pans are dishwasher safe and wipe clean effortlessly. It's seriously the best of all worlds. One of my favorite things about xcl is how durable they are. I don't have to worry about scratches even when using metal utensils, thanks to their patented hexagon design plus their oven safe up to 500 degrees, making them perfect for finishing dishes in the oven. I've even tried their Japanese Damascus steel knives and their game changer razor sharp. They make slicing and dicing feel effortless and they stay sharp much longer than your average knife. Here's the kicker. Gordon Ramsey himself uses HexClad in his restaurants and at home. And we all know he's the toughest critic on the planet. If it's good enough for him, it's definitely good enough for me For a limited time only. Our listeners get 10% off your order with our exclusive link. Just head to HexClad dot com slash midas, support our show and check them out at HE xcl ad.com/midas. Make sure to let them know that we sent you Bon Appetit. Let's eat with HexClad D'S revolutionary cookware.


Think about this, your business established in 2025. It has a nice ring to it, right? I remember what, five years ago, me and my brothers had this audacious idea to start a media company called Midas Touch. And we wanted to have pro-democracy content and change the way news was delivered and consumed. And, and here we are. I want you to think about your idea for 2025 and start that business that you always wanted to start. And when you do, you have to have it powered by Shopify. Shopify is the tool that will actually help you make it happen. Let me explain to you how the best time to start your business is right here, right now. And Shopify makes it simple to create your brand open for business and get your first sale. Get your store up and running easily with thousands of customizable templates. No coding or design skills are required. All you do is drag and drop their powerful social media tools, let you connect all of your channels and create shoppable posts and help you sell everywhere. People scroll. Shopify makes it easy to manage your growing business. They help with the details like shipping, taxes and payments from one single dashboard, allowing you to focus on the important stuff like growing your business. And what happens if you don't act now? Will you regret it? What if someone beats you to that great idea? Don't kick yourself when you hear this again in a year because you didn't do anything. So with Shopify, your first sale is closer than you think. Established in 2025. It has a nice ring to it, doesn't it? Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash midas. Go to Shopify dot com slash midas, lowercase MEI ds to start selling with Shopify today. One more time. That's Shopify dot com slash midas.


Shout out to HexClad, shout out to Shopify links in description of both audio and YouTube. Use the links, use the codes. If there's any exit surveys, let them know we sent you. Very helpful, Ben, I'm sorry I saw you at break. I didn't mean to like make fun of you 'cause the bit was going long. You looked a little upset with me. I, I apologize. It was a Good bit. I mean, Ben, Ben knew how long these senators actually have to ask questions and he was gonna fill that whole time. They have seven minutes and so you can, but I was showing how it's, this is not like complicated stuff. But the funny thing is is, and I think they've done this intentionally, it's not all that funny. Cash Patel, who the, who Trump picked to be the FBI director. I think that Republicans like that.


He's not going right away. They're having him watch all of these. And they're saying, wa this is how you do it. They're gonna get asked these questions. When you get asked these questions, just don't give real answers. Okay? That's all you have to do. Just don't answer the questions. Just say other crap or just say you don't know and you never heard about it, or you can't recall or you don't remember. Which by the way is pathetic. That shouldn't be the case, right? I think when our founders created our constitution, and I think over time, unfortunately, so much has been based on good faith and norms, the ability that co-equal branches of government will protect their turf.


That even if you're a Republican senator, you will respect that you are a senator and not just do anything that the Article two president tells you to do. And that's unfortunately though what this Republican party has become. They gave Trump an inch and he took their life. Here's Pam Bonde Trump's Pick for Attorney General. She was asked a very basic question about, have you heard that audio recording where Donald Trump said, find me the 11,780 votes. And as Trump's attorney General picked, what, what do you think about that? He was threatening and intimidating a Republican Secretary of State in Georgia to commit fraud.


And her response is, I I've never heard that. I've never I've heard of it, but I need to see the transcript. I, I don't know here play this clip. Have you Heard the recording of President Trump on January 2nd, 2021 when he urged the Secretary of State of Georgia to quote fine 11,780 votes and declare him the winner of that state? No. I've heard about it through clips, but no, no, Senator, I've not heard it. What was your reaction to President Trump making that call? I have, I would have to listen to the tape Senator. Well, The quote that I give you is exact, he said to the Georgia Secretary of State find 11,780 votes.


Do you have the entire context of that call? I I feel like it was long, much longer than that and maybe been taken outta Context. It's, it was an hour long. Right. And you can certainly listen to it. I hope you will. IE every American should As the former prosecutors, are you not concerned that the president of the United States called a state election official and asked him to find enough votes to change the results of the election? Senator? I have not listened to the hour long conversation, but it's my understanding that is not what he asked him to do. You need to listen to it. That is my understanding. That is not what he, I mean, it literally is what he asked him to. It's, it's on the audio recording and, you know, look, I know that people aren't, people are more focused on the hegseth one, but I did think it was important to show you Scott Scent and Bondi, and then also you had the head of the OMB Russ vote.


Literally the guy who authored Project 2025, who's put in the position to implement Project 2025 in terms of all of the budget priorities for the DECA billionaires. I did a whole video on that. It's on our YouTube feed. You should go take a look at that as well. But I I I wanna talk about this MAGA civil war taking place right now at the state and federal level. At the state level, like it's literally Republican on republican violence. You had the state of the state speech, kind of like the state of the Union, but within the state of Georgia Republican governor Brian Kemp was delivering the speech and he banned the pro-Trump state Senator Colton Moore.


And Colton Moore was always out there saying the most like cultist stuff about Donald Trump, which is really weird. It's like a Marjorie Taylor Green type guy, that same level of derangement. But Brian Kemp banned him from showing up. So what did Colton Moore do? He shows up and then he got pushed. But like look at it like, it looks like he took a dive watch for yourself as Republican on Republican violence. And then I'm not even gonna show you after. 'cause then afterwards he gets arrested and then like he takes a, a pho a video of himself in the hospital and he acts like he like broke his arm. And it's like, all right, relax, dude. Like it looks like you literally just took a spill on the floor yourself.


Like, watch this Going too far. It has gone too far. Okay. I have an obligation to be in that room. I represent 200,000 people in northwest Georgia who duly elected me to be here today. Can you Play it again one more time? Fault. When he looks like a fish. Yeah, because now people are ready for it. So he just takes a big spill right off the bat. Just nose dives backwards. It's going too far. It has gone too far.


Okay. I have an obligation to be in that room. I represent 200,000 people in northwest Georgia who duly elected me to be here today. It's so maga that whole moment is just so maga because the, the fight ensues or the flop ensues. He falls, it's all for like, it looks ridiculous. And he gets up and they both go, it's gone too far. It's gone too far. And then they try to have like some sort of civil conversation. It's like y'all can't just like throw down on the house floor like lunatics and then try and have a conversation. No, you're gonna get arrested buddy. Yeah, to remind everyone he gets arrested after that. You cannot come in. Oh My God. He, he gets arrested after that and then ends up in the hospital and takes a picture in the hospital.


You could judge for yourself. If you look up the picture, whether this injury is legitimate or, or, or not, the most ridiculous thing, but it's got vibes of Nancy Mace wearing a sling after she, after she took a handshake, rough handshake. But then, but then they go around. I mean the whole thing too is like, oh, the alpha bros. Like this is Alpha. I'm like, okay. I I, I, I I, That framing is so weird, but this is like the least alpha ish stuff I've ever seen. I mean, seems like A big guy too. I just wanna talk about it one more time 'cause he seems like, like he seems like a big guy and then he just falls in the most hilariously awkward way. And then this photo at the hospital is just, anyway, you have a guy named Mike Turner, Republican congress member from Dayton, Ohio, was the chair of the intelligence committee in the House of Representatives, had been a member of congress since 2003.


A respected guy on a bipartisan basis. He said a bunch of stuff that I disagree with, but overall he was viewed as a very kind of competent guy, a competent actor. You know, you'd be happy that he, if, if any of these Republicans were the head of the intelligence committee, that at least it was this guy. But he was very pro Ukraine. He was very pro nato. He was very anti Tulsi Gabbard. So he had to go. Donald Trump gave the order to Magda Mike Johnson to get rid of this guy from the Intelligence committee because Maga Mike is the speaker of the house. He gets to pick who leads the committees and Maga Mike takes his orders from Donald Trump.


So he fired Turner and then replaced Turner with the guy by the name of Congress member Rick Crawford. Let me do it in reverse order. Let me show you Rick Crawford first. He's an Arkansas GOP Congress member. This is what he said on July 31st, 2021 about covid. Here, play this clip. Look, we need to, we need to understand, I I, I believe that the Covid virus is real. However, I don't know that it's any worse than the common cold. And we somehow managed to get through the common cold as we develop overtime, vaccinations and herd immunity and things of this nature. I I'm not downplaying the, the severity of the pandemic, but I also, we have to learn to live with it.


While I have you have you here, I do want to move on to infrastructure. 'cause I mean the fact that that's a political issue is the most ridiculous thing. The fact that that guy is now chairing the intelligence community. That was the least intelligent thing I've ever heard. He's also opposed aid to Ukraine and he's now leading the Intelligence committee. Let me contrast him with Mike Turner. And here, rep Turner says that it's absolutely true. Congress member Turner says it's absolutely true that Russian propaganda has infected the GOP. This is from April 7th, 2024. Let's play it. Let's turn to Ukraine.


An issue that's important to you and your fellow Republican chairman, Michael McCall, who runs the Foreign Affairs Committee. Congressman McCall made a comment this week about what he says sounds like Russian propaganda from, from some conservative media and why it's so difficult to explain to Republican voters why supporting Ukraine is important. He told Julia Yaffe quote, I think Russian propaganda has made its way into the United States, unfortunately, and it's infected a good chunk of my party's base. He singled out primetime shows on conservative channels. Do you agree with him? And, and how big is this problem? Oh, it, it is absolutely true. We see directly coming from Russia attempts to mask communications that are anti Ukraine and pro-Russia messages, some of which we even hear being uttered on the house floor.


I mean, there are members of Congress today who still incorrectly say that this conflict between Russia and Ukraine is over nato, which of course it is not. Vladimir Putin having made it very clear both publicly and to his own population, that his, his view is that this is a conflict of, of a much broader claim of Russia to Eastern Europe and including claiming all of Ukraine territory as, as Russia's. Now, to the extent that this propaganda takes hold, it makes it more difficult for us to really see this as an authoritarian versus democracy battle, which is what it is. President Xi of China, Vladimir Putin himself, have identified it as such. We need to stand up for democracy. We need to make certain that, that we know that authoritarian regimes never stop when they, when they start an aggression.


Ukraine needs our help and assistance now and this is a very critical time for the US Congress to step up and provide that. So Republicans got rid of that guy because Donald Trump ordered that they get rid of that guy is, he's still a member of Congress, but all his seniority, his entire career, right, working up through the ranks to chair the intelligence committee. Trump just said not you. I want the guy who thinks that covid is the same as the cold. And that's the problem. I mean the, one of the biggest problems to me is just the basic facts, right? Just the basic character, basic qualifications and the fact that any of this stuff is political, especially out here in Los Angeles, the, the way they've politicized the fires.


And, but that's not just unique to us, but not just politicized it lied about it the moment it started. It was a hurricane of lies as California governor Gavin Newsom had said in the recent interview with Brian Tyler Cohen, that that's what it was. But it wasn't unique to California. Any tragedy, any situation over the past four years, they pumped the disinformation. And with Elon's acquisition of Twitter now x it just gets pushed out with such force that it's a full-time job of a governor who has to deal with a crisis to deal with the crisis of disinformation.


That's the unfortunate reality that we inhabit in the MAGA world that's removed the norms and good faith and we're all Americans, kumbaya, let's lock arms, let's do things together. That's that's not where we're we're at. And I think Democrats are playing by old school rules while the MAGA Republicans are playing an entirely different game built on lies and propaganda. I wanna share with you when we come back, president Biden's farewell address. I want to talk about the state of the economy. Brett will break that down as the handoff is made from Biden to Trump. And we'll talk a little bit about Canada uniting against the us Let's take our last break of the show.


It's playoff time and it's now or never. Don't miss out on the last few weeks of football action with prize picks the best place to win cash while watching the playoffs. You can now win up to 1000 times your money on prize picks. Prize picks is the best way to get action on sports in more than 30 states, including California, Texas, Georgia, and Florida Prize picks now offers MasterCard for quick easy deposits into your account this sports season. Sign up today and get $50 instantly. When you play $5, you don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's Guaranteed. Price picks also offers weekly promotions that can lead to big payouts like Taco Tuesday. Each Tuesday price picks discounts. Select player projections up to 25% to provide even more value for your lineups. Think Lamar Jackson will get more than 250 passing yards next week will Patrick Mahomes pass for more than one and a half touchdowns? Cook up Hot takes with your friends and win real money this football season when you and your crew run your game on prize picks. Prize picks is the best way to win real money this football season. Which players are going off? Which ones are it? Make your picks in less than 60 seconds and turn your sports opinions into real money All season long on prize picks. This week on prize picks. I'm looking at the football board and selecting Jared Goff for more than 230 passing yards and Saquon Barkley for more than one touchdown. Download the app today and use Code Midas to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Download the app today and use Code Midas to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Again, download the app today and use code Midas to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Price pick. Run your game.


Are you Looking for something simple and delicious to add to your wellness routine? I used to rely on regular honey for my breakfast tea and even salad dressings, but then I found Manukora. And let me tell you, it puts all other honey to shame. Manukora honey is rich, creamy and the most delicious honey I've ever had. The best part, it's ethically produced by master beekeepers in the remote forests of New Zealand. These bees collect nectar from the Manuka tea tree, which is packed with bioactives, giving Manukora three times more antioxidants and prebiotics than your average honey. Each morning I start my day with a heaped teaspoon of Manukora letting in the creamy texture melt in my mouth and coat in my throat. And it's not just a treat, it's packed with powerful nutrients to support my immunity and gut health. And here's something that sets Manukora apart. It contains a special antibacterial compound called MGO, which comes from the Manuka Tea tree. Manukora tests every harvest for MGO and you can see the results yourself through their QR system. It's a honey with superpowers, whether you're adding it to your food or enjoying it straight off the spoon. It's a game changer. Now, it's easier than ever to try Manacor honey. Just head to Manukora dot com slash midas, that's M-E-I-D-A-S to get $25 off the starter kit, which includes an MGO eight 50 plus Manuka honey jar, five honey travel sticks, a wooden spoon and a guidebook. That's Manukora dot com slash midas for $25 off your Starter Kit. Start your mornings with Manukora. You'll never go back to Ordinary honey.


Let's go. Shout out Manacor, shout out prize picks, links in description of the YouTube and the audio. Use the links, use the codes, let them know we sent you Benji, where to next? One of the other things to mention is that on the dais next to Donald Trump during the inauguration, there will be the physical manifestation of the oligarchy, right? You're gonna have Elon Musk, mark Zuckerberg and Jeff Bezos sitting together, the richest people in the country. They're sponsoring all of the events. They're gonna be right there. Just you're gonna see it. So if, if, if you want to know who is screwing you, it's right there.


Then the cabinet basically that they bought and then the MAGA Republicans who they bought as well. Well Michelle Obama's not going to be, there're Nancy Pelosi's not going to be there. Others will be there on the democratic side and we're not going to stream that there. The interesting thing is like when you have Charlie Kirk who previously didn't like, you know, these individuals posting like this is great, look who's gonna be there? Even some of like the MAGA supporters are like, what? What? These are the billionaires that you told us that we were supposed to hate. Like what are you talking about? You know, and I think it's important, again, WMD weapon of mass distraction. Anytime that Donald Trump tries to bring our attention to, oh, Mel Gibson, I'm appointing to become the ambassador of Hollywood.


We go, okay, cool bro, but what about egg prices? Okay, cool, bro. But what about the costs of groceries? What about making housing more affordable? What, what, what about all of your promises about workers and, and all of these things? Oh, wait a minute, you're not doing that. And look, I think on day one, look, here's the thing and, and Brett, I'll let you do this economic update. President Biden had things in the right direction just objectively. It's not like, oh, you'll like Biden, you interviewed him. I mean, just look at the charts and the graphics and where the market was. It was up 50 to 60% from where it was under Trump.


You had great job reports every month, never a single month where jobs were lost. 16.6 million jobs created all Trump like actually would've had to do is basically nothing. Just coast on it and take credit for it. But pathologically Trump can't do that. And now we're already seeing before day one, the market reacting to it. Brett, take it away. Well, first I just wanna pitch, before we get into the economic updates, I just wanna pitch our idea for the inauguration. I wanna see, I wanna see what the folks think in the comments. So you could let us know in the comments, what if instead of airing the inauguration, 'cause we're not gonna air the inauguration.


What if we just air videos of puppies throughout the inauguration? Like, I'm not even like exaggerating. What if throughout the inauguration love it. We just, we just do a stream of a loop of a bunch of videos of adorable puppies the entire time. If you like this idea, let us know in the comments. Let us know here in the live chat. I want to hear your thoughts. I'm not kidding. Like we will go ahead and you know, it'd be hilarious as well if our stream of watching puppies gets more views than the streams of the inauguration. Just an idea. Just an idea, folks. We're throwing it out there. If you like it, let us know. Okay, every time for everybody's favorite segment, let's get right into it.


Is the NetSuite by Oracle. Know your numbers Minute. Alright, it's time for the NetSuite by Oracle. Know your numbers minute. Let's get into the latest economic updates here. As everybody knows, Netsuite provides easy access to economic data and trends through integrated analytics. So let's break down some of that data, shall we folks? So we're seeing some news on mortgages and mortgage rates. Right now the 30 year mortgage rate is back above 7%. For the first time since May. Freddie Mac says the average rate is now 7.04%. This is quite frankly one of the least affordable times to buy a home in the past 40 years. And it's gonna be hard to spur a lot more buying or building with rates this high. And I want to be clear, rates were coming down quite substantially leading up to the November elections that all changed following the results of the elections.


In fact, just a few weeks ago, the CEO of Compass was interviewed on CNBC and they said that prior to the election it was Compass's view that the mortgage rates were heading to the fives either next year or the following year. But then we had these fears of new tariffs and other inflationary policies from Donald Trump, from the incoming administration that have now changed the courts course of rates. Now we're seeing them come back up to historically high levels in the past few decades. It's honestly, I, I think it's a huge bummer because as Ben was saying before, things were heading in the right direction. Everything was on the up and up. And then we had this huge reversal over these past few months, just the sign of more things to come.


And in inflation news, we had a new inflation report come out. Inflation was a mixed bag in December. In the report that came out this week, the consumer price index, the CPI showed some relief in core inflation, which was definitely a, a some positive news. But the threat of those sticky high prices continue to loom. Although inflation has been slowing, it still remains above that 2% level by the Federal Reserve. The consumer price index increased the seasonally adjusted 0.4% on the month, putting the 12 month inflation rate at 2.9%. That number was exactly in line with the forecasts of what the experts thought that it was going to come in at the core CPI annual rate.


And, and for those who don't know the core CPI, it excludes food and energy prices because those are much more volatile. So this is a more stable way to measure the underlying inflation trends. Those slow to 3.2%, which was a notch down from the month before. So slightly better than the 3.3% outlook that analysts had predicted that excited investors quite a bit. If you all saw the various markets, the stock market indices rise in a big way on Wednesday. That was why, because the markets reacted positively to to that number. NetSuite offers tailored reporting features that allow businesses to focus on specific stock market indicators relevant to their sector.


That way your business can always be ahead of the curve no matter what happens. A shelter prices housing, which comprise about one third of the CPI waiting rose by 0.3%, but we're up 4.6% from a year ago. That's the smallest one year gain since January, 2022. And the stubborn inflation numbers are gonna present an interesting situation, I'd say for the Federal Reserve in the coming year because as you remember from our reporting, the the Fed was getting ready to do a lot of aggressive rate cuts over the next few years. And we saw the beginning of that happen kind of prior to the election and, and kind of just after. But now, as Trump's policies are expected to contribute to higher prices, and this is how you can kind of separate right?


The, the, the Bs, the bluster, the messaging from what's actually happening. You see how the actual, how the fed's reacting, how the economic experts are reacting because these policies are expected to contribute to higher prices. Markets aren't expecting the next federal reserve rate cut to come now before June, despite the fact that we've had this better than expected


economic data. So there's my economic update. That's where things stand, that's where things are heading. Obviously things could change, but we always think it's important to bring you the latest updates as we have them. Thank you to Netsuite by Oracle. That was the Netsuite by Oracle. Know your numbers minute. Do you know your own numbers for your business? Download NetSuite's ultimate KPI checklist right now at NetSuite dot com slash Midas.


Thanks for that update. B, that was a really, really solid one there. I agree that streaming puppies versus the inauguration is the route to go. People Seem to like the puppy idea. I gotta say, I feel pretty confident that the puppy stream is gonna get more than any inauguration stream. So I, that's Really what I wanna know. Could we get more, like if we look at the Midas Touch puppy inauguration stream and then we compare it to like the M-S-N-B-C or Yeah. Name your corporate name, name, name, name your stream. Can we get more viewers on videos of puppies? And, and Ben could come in and narrate the puppies too and do some voiceovers. Ooh. You know, to tell you what's going on with the pups, right? They're super adorable. Super cute. Could we get more views then?


I love it. Just an, I just, just an idea folks. Just an idea. Stay tuned. Alright. WMD weapon of mass distraction. One of the things that Donald Trump is promoting at his Palm Beach golf course, he's now doing, I guess his mugshot, which is basically his portrait. Now, the, his portrait like is his mugshot photo. That's where we are in the United States internationally. Well, well he basically replicated the photo. Exactly. I wanna be clear, it's not the same exact photo, but he basically replicated the Post. It's the same exact pose. It's The same exact post. That's what I meant. Split in Harris there, Right? But, okay, got it. Okay.


Here he is though. He's doing his face on burgers. So if you eat the burgers, his face appears on your burgers at all of his properties now, which is, you know, I mean, it's very weird. It doesn't even look Like him. It looks, don't get, honestly, it looks like Putin. Don't get distracted by, don't get distracted by that. Let me show you what's going on in Canada though. This is Doug Ford. He was Maple Maga, you see right there projecting unity, the various different parties, provincial level, federal level. You know, Ford is a conservative leader, the premier of Ontario. You see Justin Trudeau prime minister, he's resigned.


Canada's in the pro rogue period right now, as they pick their new leader, their new prime minister for the liberal party, then we probably will have a vote soon. I've seen a lot of people call for a Unity government. There parties need to unite against Trump, but they're projecting unity as well. Here's what Doug Ford, again, this guy was Maple Maga. This guy was a Trumper. He said his support for Trump would never waver. Well, not only has it wavered, he removed his MAGA hat and now wears the Canada is not for sale hat. And here he is describing this meeting where he says, you're never gonna see what you see right now here in Canada. You'll never see Democrats and Republicans meeting in the Oval Office, united on stuff.


He goes, here we all are. He goes, I don't care if you're the orange party, green Party, NDP Liberal party conservatives we're uniting. The one wrinkle to that though, is that the premier of Alberta, she's still Maple Mag, her name is Danielle Smith. She showed up at Mar-a-Lago with Kevin O'Leary. You see them right there. And then, I mean, Donald Trump just utterly humiliated her. I think she like lied to the press too. And she said she was on a vacation, but with her husband, but she ended up being in Mar-a-Lago. And Trump said to her, no, we're doing tariffs on day one. You're not exempt. There's no Alberta exemption. 25% we're, we're gonna do it on crude oil as well.


Screw you, basically. And she's been really odd. She's been like attacking this unity government from Alberta saying, no, you're gonna screw us over Alberta. The issue with Alberta is, is that they, they have a lot of big oil companies there, and so she's a shill for the oil companies. That's what's taking place there. But anyway, let, let, let me show you Doug Ford from Ontario. Again, this guy used to be a Trumper, but here he is now saying that we're united to cause pain to the United States and have retaliatory tariffs on the US when they come after us play this political Parties sitting down and we have a robust conversation. We may agree or disagree, but we're coming out united.


I can tell you, spending a lot of time in the US you would never see a group of Democrats and Republicans sitting here collaboratively. I promise you one thing, president Trump's office is a whole bunch of Democrats and Republicans saying, how can we attack Canada? It's not happening. We have the greatest country, we have the greatest elected officials, the greatest democracy in the world that we can sit here from one extreme to the other extreme to in the middle. And I have always said, I don't care about political stripes. I don't care if you're from the orange party, the blue party, or the red party. We're gonna be united, we're Canadian, we're gonna get this done. And by this done, he's talking about uniting to inflict retaliatory tariffs on the United States, which by the way, Mexico would do on day one as well.


If Trump, when Trump imposes the tariffs, you know, for all these people out there too, you know, who are like, well, we still need to see what he is going to do is gonna, he's gonna do it. He's gonna do it on day one. Okay. He said he is gonna do it. So like when all of a sudden all of these analysts are like shocked, they're like, oh, he did it. And then the markets are impacted by it. Yeah, he did it. He said he was gonna do it. We warned you about it. What, what, what else is it that you need? Like what, what other things do you need to be shown? And you know, it, it's, it's a wild thing. If you were to tell me, Hey Ben, I got a great investment for you over the next four years, we can increase your income by 50 to 60%.


I would go, that's a great return on investment, right? That, that's good. That's what President Biden did with the markets. He was up 50 to 60%, but he was like excoriated and attacked by all of these so-called finance bros or finance people. Oh, we're gonna do it better. Are you gonna do a better than a 50 to 60% increase? Are you gonna do a better than 16.6 million jobs? I'm just so sick of this prevailing narrative that, oh, the Republicans are better on the economy. Look, over the past three, four decades with 50 million jobs created, 48 million of those jobs were created during democratic administrations. The big recessions that took place, right?


Were under Trump, were under George W. Bush, Reagan. I mean those, I mean, like, i I, it's such a strange thing to me. What, what what they're really saying is that these billionaires want deregulation so that they can basically rip people off and that they can have not just 10 yachts, but 20 yachts, and then they get bailed out by the government while we, the people get screwed and we don't get the bailouts. They get the bailouts. And so there's zero risk and they just, you know, snatch up all the money and view it as a zero sum game. It's, it's really screwed up. But it's what President Biden warned about in his farewell address. He gave a few warnings and I thought it was great.


I thought it was substantive. One thing he was very critical of is the Supreme Court a ban on stock trading in Congress? And also he wants a constitutional amendment to say no to presidential immunity. Here at playlist, We need to get dark money. That's that hidden funding behind too many campaigns. Contributions. We need to get it out of our politics. We need to enact an 18 year time limit, term limit, time and term for the strongest ethics and the strongest ethics reforms for Supreme Court. We need to ban members of Congress from, from trading stock while they're in the Congress. We need to amend the Constitution to make clear that no president, no president is immune from crimes that he or she commits while in office.


President's power is not limited. It's not absolute. Here's what President Biden said about the threat of the oligarchy that has formed in the United States. Let's play it. And this is a dangerous con, and that's the dangerous concentration of power in the hands of a very few ultra wealthy people. And the dangerous consequences if their abuse of power is left unchecked. Today, an oligarch is taking shape in America of extreme wealth, power, and influence that literally threatens our entire democracy, our basic rights and freedoms and a fair shot for everyone to get ahead. Powerful, powerful stuff. And then Brett, he talked about remembering your oath.


I know you wanted to share that. Yeah, I Thought this was a powerful clip. And I think President Biden is obviously, he's always very deliberate in his language. And so, you know, these warnings carry a lot of weight to me when, when he says these things, I think we need to take it to heart. So earlier today, president Biden was speaking, he gave a, a, a farewell address as commander in Chief to the United States military. And he gave them this message. Let me close with the final request. I say it not as your president or commander in chief. I say it as a man who spent 50 years of his life serving his country in a different way. Remember your oath, my son, major Bo Biden used to call it home base.


That's a set of principles of values that give you light and darkness that guide you. It's true to the military. It's the best weapons, the best training in the world. We are the most cutting edge ships, planes, and subs. We are the smartest, most well-trained force on earth. That's all critical. But that alone is not what makes us strong. This is not what brought Washington, it's band The brothers together all those years ago. Powerful, powerful stuff right there. And Brett, as you said, very deliberate.


And you know, I'll, I'll, I'll leave everybody with this thought 'cause we see it with California Governor Gavin Newsom right now, who, he wasn't ready for the, at first, for the deluge of the lies and disinformation, right? He, he just, and then it hit and he was about two days late. Not because he was negligent or anything, quite the contrary, right? He was head down focusing on the crisis. He was solving the issues. He couldn't fathom that as he was doing that though, there would be all of this disinformation and lies that were harming his ability to handle the crisis.


Then he is like, oh, we need to create a whole website that debunks the lies. I gotta be out every day. I gotta do videos and highly produced pieces every single day. The the, the thing is, he's doing such an effective job at it right now. You have even speaker Mike Johnson Mag and Mike saying, instead of making highly produced clap back videos with social media influencers, you should get to work, help in Californias, you know, which, which he is. But you see how effective Newsom is, but you have to do it relentlessly. You shouldn't have to do it. Be clear like this was not the country that President Biden grew up in, or Yeah, this was Not part of the job.


Not, not too long ago. It wasn't, it wasn't. You had to be a, a social media influencer yourself in addition to being a governor or a president. But that's where we are now. Yeah. And you could tell it's effective, quite frankly. Exactly. Because of what Speaker Johnson there, speaker Johnson responded. That was a response to one of the clips that Brian Tyler Cohen, Brian Tyler Cohen, by the way, did a fantastic interview with Governor Newsom. And I think it's very smart that Governor Newsom is, is doing these interviews on site and is getting the message out to people in unique ways. It's one of the things that folks need to be doing. It's one of the things that Republicans have excelled at. And so now that speaker, Mike Johnson, Elon Musk, these people are seeing that, oh shit, Democrats are wisen up.


Look at them going on, getting their message out in ways that they're supposed to be the way we've been doing. They're like, oh, no, no, no, that's our thing. You're not allowed to do that. That's what we, that's what we do. And so now we're gonna demean you for doing exactly what you need to be doing in this era, because we don't want you to counter our bullshit. We don't want you to counter our lies or disinformation. We want to be able to do this, and we'll just run over you with these lies every single day while you're out there trying to do your job. But Newsom realized, you know, I'm talking, he's like, I'm talking to people out there these first few days and they're coming to me and they're saying, oh, this is to, to form a, the, the democratic cabal pedophile ring and all this. And he was like, where are you getting this stuff from?


Like, what are you even talking about right now? And they would be like, Twitter, Elon Musk, you know, and that's the problem with this, with this new ecosystem. These lies spread so quickly. And I think, yeah, I've even made the mistake in the past of thinking that this was insulated into this online bubble. The fact is, these lies go beyond that bubble. They reach normal people. And by the way, people who are pretty smart people, I hear echo all out of these lies. It gets to them. They think it's fact. They then spread it. They tell it to their friends, their family. Next thing you know, there's a whole large section of the population that believes these lies are the truth. No matter how outrageous they are, no matter where they started from, because they even lose where they, people don't know this started with Donald Trump or started with the, they just know the information that their friend told them that this is what's happening, even when it's the complete opposite of the truth.


Like, I saw this post that was saying that Gavin Newsom was trying to, this is all a part of Gavin Newsom's plot to sell off the land to speculators on the cheap so that he could give all the land away in Los Angeles to these, to these speculator. It was actually like when you actually played the clip that they were referencing, it was Gavin Newsom saying the opposite, that he wanted to make sure that the people of the city were protected from vultures trying to swoop in and take their property. It was the op Gavin Newsom signed like an executive auto, And then Brett to that point, but then Maga then attacks him and says, well, now you're screwing over the people because they should be able to sell Yeah, their homes to the land developers.


So now you're screwing the people to which Gavin's like, wait, Ted Cruz said that. So now you're a shill for predatory land developer. It, it's in, they're not consistent things, but it doesn't have to be when it's a lie. It's just everywhere. And then whoever gets it gets, it's easy to lie about everything. If that's what you, if that's what you, And let's face it, all of this right now is also coming from a place where Republicans are looking ahead in politics. They're looking to 2028, they see that Governor Newsom is clearly going to be one of the top contenders for the Democratic nomination. They view this as a moment where they could weaken him politically. And we can Democrats politically in the state of California and nationally, that is part of this whole plan.


It's sick, it's devious, it's cynical. It's in the middle of a crisis where people are suffering. And it truly hits home for me and all of us here, because we are living in, well, not you Jordy, but me and Ben and, and so many people who work with us, live in this city, live in this state. And it is just so abhorrent to see this kind of behavior. But, you know, all in all, watching this, I actually think that Gavin Newsom has done a remarkable job. I think he has risen to this occasion. I think despite all the shit that they've thrown at him, that Newsom has proven himself to be a very effective leader in a time of crisis. I think he's been very effective at getting the truth out. I think he's been very effective at consoling people in this state, in the city.


I think he's been very good at kind of telling people where we go next from here, dealing with the crisis in real time and being an effective communicator. And that is one of the reasons why MAGA hates him so much. That is one of the reasons why they try to spread all of this crap about him. And I'll definitely defend him. I think that he's doing a, a fantastic, a fantastic job during a very difficult time. And shame on the people. And, and by the way, I'm not saying that anyone is above reproach. I'm not saying that anybody is, is beyond receiving criticism, but the, what they are doing to Newsom right now is possibly even more than what they've done to Biden over the past few years in a truncated time period. The lies there spreading the disin info they are throwing at this guy, the way they're doing this in the middle of a crisis.


It is absolutely vile, vile stuff, inexcusable stuff. And you know, but thankfully, I think he's equipped well to handle the situation in the climate. I wanna remind everybody, we're gonna be doing a meeting at patreon.com/midas Touch next week, helps grow this independent media platform. We don't have outside investors, so it is a way to help us grow. We're billionaire free, no oligarchs here. So patreon.com/midas. Its, and you get to meet us, you get to ask Jordy questions. Jordy gets the fun questions always when we do those Zoom meetings. Also, midas plus.com is the destination where Ron Philip Kowski, our editor in chief, puts some great content.


He does an incredible daily summary. Like, if you miss the day of news, just go get midas plus.com. You just read it all. It's pretty incredible. So that's where I, that's where I go honestly, to consume the news and make sure I've done all of the videos that I, that I need to do. I'm just gonna be Honest. Sure. You, if you're not reading Ron's recaps of minus plus.com every day, you're missing out. I'm just gonna be honest with you. You're missing out. You're missing out. You gotta read Ron's recaps, this's today in politics, bulletins that come out every day. At The end of the day, Ron send all day, literally writing the literally all day up until he hits send writing. And they're fantastic. And I think I followed the news all day. Sometimes I look at these recaps and I go, I didn't even know half of these things happened.


By the way, we're also doing ad free episodes of the Midas Touch podcast. We released them the following day on the Midas Plus as well. So check that out. Make sure you also subscribe on audio to the audio podcast. So wherever the Midas Touch podcast is available on audio, even if you don't like listening to audio podcasts and you always get the video, it helps us a lot if you subscribe to the audio. So it'll take you two seconds to do it. It's free to do it. Just whatever device you have, whether it's like Spotify or Apple Podcasts, or Google pos, whatever it is, just search it, search Midas touch, hit subscribe. And then that's all you have to do. And if you click play occasionally, if you watch on video, that's great.


And audio listeners, check out the YouTube site. Help us grow the YouTube site so we could do a trade, right, the video watchers, maybe do audio. Audio listeners do video. All right. Thanks everybody for watching this episode. We covered a lot. Jordy, send us out. Shout out to the Midas my day. Hey, Midas, mighty, love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day.


What are you waiting for? Follow us now.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.