(1s):
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms Apply.

(30s):
Ladies, you'll end up shopping for your guy's deodorant, right? So try Degrees original. Cool rush. You see, last year, degree change the formula. And men were mad. One guy even started a petition. So degree admitted they messed up and brought the original Cool Rush scent back. It's clean, crisp, and actually smells like someone you wanna cuddle. And it's in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So toss one in your cart and find out why it's the best selling men's antiperspirant for the last decade degree. Cool. Rush is back and it smells like victory.

(1m 1s):
Are you ready to rock? Big savings Rakuten's Big Give Week is a limited time Festival of savings. Just eight days of epic deals earn 15% cash back at RayBan, Lego, Adidas and More Big. Give Week is only once a year and the cash back rates are through the roof. Plus your cash back gets sent directly to your PayPal so you'll feel even better about your purchase. Join for free today and get a $20 welcome bonus. Hurry big, give Weekends May 12th and there won't be an encore. Go to rakuten.com or download the Rakuten app.

(1m 30s):
This podcast is brought to you by Carvana. Customizable, fast, easy, all words Carvana. Customers have used to describe buying and financing their car with Carvana. We wanna make your car financing journey hassle free. Carvana has thousands of affordable cars, transparent pricing, and customizable terms. We do everything in our power to give you the power to find finance and buy the perfect car. Go to carvana.com to finance your car today. Terms may apply.

(2m 0s):
This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor's, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 T's and C's apply.

(2m 31s):
Donald Trump announced a fake deal with the United Kingdom today, where essentially Trump partially removed tariffs that he put in place in early April, and he's calling that a deal while trying to manipulate the markets and telling people, I don't know, something good may happen with China. You may wanna start to buy stock right now. We've seen this game with Donald Trump before, but let's face it, mainstream real people are suffering right now unless you are in the 1% or the 1% of 1%. Inflations on the rise again, the deficits. Trade deficits are actually getting larger. Our economy is shrinking. We'll talk about that on this episode.

(3m 11s):
Also, A new Pope was selected, the first ever American Pope, now named Leo the 14th. It was previously a cardinal in Chicago. One of the interesting data points is that the new Pope had previously made lots of posts, very critical of Donald Trump and JD Vance and also a bishop who was part of Donald Trump's committee on religion had made a statement that he does not expect there ever to be an American Pope unless the power of America is in decline. And if an American Pope were to ever to be appointed, it would demonstrate the view by the Vatican that America is in decline.

(3m 52s):
So you can ask yourself if that's a correlation. But this bishop, who's part of Donald Trump's religious council is the person who made that statement. Also the Magar Republicans at war with each other over the reconciliation of the budget. You've got a lot of Magar Republicans who want to gut Medicaid. Others are worried about the optics of gutting Medicaid and how that could impact their election in the midterm. They're calling this a big beautiful bill 'cause Donald Trump's making them call it that. But it is a big, massive disaster. And already Magar Republicans in the Senate like Ron Johnson from Wisconsin, are already saying there's no chance that a reconciliation along the lines of what the MAGA Republicans in the house are doing will ever pass the Senate.

(4m 38s):
We'll talk about that. We'll talk about a lot more. And of course, Donald Trump saying, little girls, you get one pencil, one doll, and shut up Trump regime. Central planning is telling you what you can buy and not buy while Donald Trump is getting ready for a trip to the Middle East to meet with countries whose sovereign wealth funds have put literally what, $4 billion in Donald Trump's pocket in the past 100 days. Whether it's a resort deal with Qatar, Abu Dhabi, using Trump crypto, Saudi Arabia, having Trump resorts in Oman and more. Donald Trump's family is the only person benefiting off of all of these, what I like to refer to as the Rug Pole Ponzi scheme presidency.

(5m 22s):
Let's bring in Brett and Jordy guys. How are you doing? Brothers? Doing well. Trying to make sense of this all. Ben Jordy. Good to see you guys. Good to see you, Midas mighty. Everybody watching here on YouTube, everybody listening on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, wherever you get podcasts, make sure to add the Midas Touch Podcast another day, another day of chaos. As always with Donald Trump. I like how these Republicans are always concerned about the optics. What if this looks, what if it looks bad that we're taking away people's healthcare? How about don't be so concerned about the optics and be concerned about the fact that you're actually trying to take away people's healthcare? How about we start there and not with how is this going to look to people? Because it looks pretty bad, because it is pretty bad. And Trump now kind of just encouraging these shortages saying that we're gonna have to learn to live with less, that girls are going to have to have less dolls, fewer dolls.

(6m 10s):
And what's his obsession with dolls anyway? Everything's about to get more expensive. They're about to be shortages of every single product under the sun. And Donald Trump just continues to sit there, manipulate the markets, do his same scheme and honestly sound like a communist dictator of the way he speaks. Like Trump is like full on commie right now. The statements coming out of his mouth are what we've heard from communist regimes throughout history. Now it's coming from an American president and the irony of the party who's always calling everything communist, the irony of that coming from them is just very apparent to me, I would say. Anyway, good to be here with you guys. Jordy, what's the latest on your end? Excited to get into the show before I toss it over to Benji.

(6m 50s):
I know everyone's on the edge of their seats. Yes, I do finally have power back after eight days. So super excited. Again, shout out Western pa man. Crazy us Yinzer, man. We're, we're a different, we're a different breed. We're tough, we're tough out here. Benji, where do you wanna start? I was speaking at this conference this past week, and one of the things I was asked is, what do you think resonates about the Midas Touch network to your audience? And I said, we try to just break th break things down. Not at a political level, but just kind of basic common sense when it comes to, you know, people and facts and data. And we try to come with receipts and we try to come with common sense.

(7m 31s):
So we all know that when the ships are not arriving at ports in the United States, that's a bad thing, right? It it, the ships are supposed to come in. We're supposed to have healthy trading relationships. So to me, when Donald Trump is out there holding press conferences and he's asked the most basic of questions, are you concerned that ships are not coming into, say, the Port of Seattle or the Port of Long Beach and Los Angeles or ports in Boston? Or, or does that concern you that these shipping volumes are down significantly? Isn't that going to result in scarcity and supply shortages and it's a lagging indicator, but but does that worry you?

(8m 15s):
And when Donald Trump's response is, no, I think it's a great thing because that means we lose less money. You think about that and you go, that makes no sense right there. So we can't normalize statements like this. Here's what Donald Trump said earlier. To that extent, let's play it because Business, because business has slowed down, as you mentioned, we're seeing, but we're seeing as a result, the ports here in the us the traffic has really slowed and now thousands of dock workers and truck drivers are worried about their jobs. Is That, yeah, we lose, that means we lose less money. You know, when I see that, that means we lose less money when I See that, that means we we lose less money.

(8m 56s):
We lose less money. What are you talking about? It means we lose more jobs. It means we lose trucking jobs. It means we lose the jobs of longshore men and longshore women. It means that the products are not getting on the shelves. It means Americans can't access goods. And that's a problem that, that, that's causing harm to the economy. And by the way, the trade deficit is at record highs right now. So if this whole thing was, well, we need to reduce the trade deficit 'cause America's getting screwed over, it's had the exact opposite effect as American companies have scrambled to try to import as much as possible before the supply chain completely breaks down.

(9m 38s):
So that what we're showing to our audio listeners, just so you know, this is a headline from newsmax, don't get much more right wing than newsmax US Trade deficit surges 14% to record high of 140.5 billion. And then you take a look not just at the Trade deficit, but our overall budget deficits here in the United States. And you look at the GOP budget that is going to explode the deficit by trillions and trillions of dollars, like at a bare minimum, like three to $5 trillion just on this alone. I think it's gonna be more like 15 to 25 or even more trillion dollars because the Trump regimes basically fired all of the IRS auditors and they've gutted it to the point where I don't think we're gonna be able to effectively collect tax revenue the way, the way we did before.

(10m 28s):
But while that's going on, here's what Donald Trump was doing at the same press conference. And again, he's using his position in the Oval Office and he's also using state regime media known as Fox. 'cause the Chiron, did you all notice what the Chiron said there? It said Trump going to have a good weekend with China. That's what it said on the prior Chiron. And this is all arranged together. Ra regime Media works, basically Fox Trump, they're basically the same, right? Janine Pirro, for example, from Fox, she's being looked at right now to be the next United States attorney from Washington DC after the Trump regime dropped at Ed Martin guy after at least one MAGA Republican, Tom Tillis from North Carolina said they wouldn't approve Ed Martin because he supported January 6th.

(11m 15s):
Insurrectionists too much. This is a little bit of support for j Sixers is okay, but just too much for the MAGA Republican in the Senate. But here, what Donald Trump then does with this press conference where he's announcing this fake UK trade deal, is he goes and tells people, you better buy stock. You better buy stock. Then he combines that with using the term Palestinian as a slur to attack a Jewish senator, Chuck Schumer, here, watch this. Yeah, You better go out and buy stock. Now let me tell you this, this country will, will be like a rocket ship that goes straight up. This is going to be numbers that nobody's ever seen before. That's a very important element of all of this. You know, if we get that, if you don't, and, and the Democrats are fighting it only because they wanna fight, they have Trump derangement syndrome.

(12m 2s):
You know, if was somebody else, they wouldn't fight. If you had a normal person that had some stiff sitting behind you, they'd be fine. But, but they have Trump derangement syndrome. You know, Senator Schumers become a Palestinian welcome. I, I don't know whether they're gonna give him the ceremony, whatever the ceremony may be. It's terrible what's happened to the Democrats. So very, very important element of, of everything, of what we're doing unrelated to today, but related in the sense that we'll do, if if that passes, we'll do even more business with the uk we'll have so much. First off, all UK trade is under 2% with the United States, number one.

(12m 43s):
Number two, the person laughing in the background there at what was just not funny at all was Commerce Secretary Howard Nut, I mean Howard Lutnick. And you heard him laughing. Oh, he called him a Palestinian. Oh, I mean, what? It's not funny. Number two. Number three, when you talk about this UK trade deal that they announced, again, it's another part of the Ponzi scheme, it's not a trade deal. So any Corporate news that refers to this as a trade deal, it is not that first off trade deals need to be approved by Congress, number one. Number two, Donald Trump declared an emergency, essentially war against the UK and every country to impose emergency tariffs, which Trump never had the ability to do.

(13m 33s):
He then reduced some tariffs, unlike Range Rovers and Land Rovers from the UK basically from like 20% to 25% to 10%. And then they kind of encourage the UK to buy American beef, which there's no guarantee of. That's what they're calling a deal. That's not a trade deal. Is that one of what Treasury Secretary Scott Besson calls a sub deal? This, this is not a deal that took place, Trump created a fire. He's the arsonist. He then tries to, he doesn't even try to put it out. He pretends he shows up with a hose, doesn't even put the fire out, and then he just says, Hey everybody, I put the fire out, look what I did with the uk and then goes and says, you better buy stock now.

(14m 23s):
So that the market goes up on that. Because the past times Donald Trump has said that he's announced something where he can move the markets up and then the markets go down. You need to understand though, systemically, right, what's happening with our economy, what it means when the GDP is shrinking, what it means when mortgage rates are now 6.9 or 7% and housing is less affordable, not more affordable, and inflation's on the rise. I mean, you take a look at what Goldman Sachs, not exactly a lefty organization, Goldman Sachs, you take a look at what Ken Griffin, the head of Citadel saying what Mark Rowan, the head of Apollo Global is, is saying, you take a look at these, you know, you know, Republican donors and republican business leaders, they're saying that Trump has destroyed the brand of America.

(15m 15s):
Basically, the value of the dollar has essentially been irreparably tainted. Our bond market has been irreparably tainted and the impacts are gonna be felt for for generations. And then you see the day-to-day market volatility. And again, it, it just, it looks like the Trump meme coin our stock market. And who's gonna get screwed? Not Trump, because he's getting Qatari money and Saudi Arabian money and Abu Dhabi money. You are gonna get screwed and, and you being the global, you, anyone who doesn't have private jets and yachts and people including Trump supporters, they're gonna get screwed.

(15m 55s):
Brett and Jordan, those sters at Goldman Sachs classic woke lib, Goldman Sachs, WMAN Sachs, I think is what they're calling em now. Woke Ade Wlo. No, that one doesn't quite work. It was Apollo with woke before. Oh, got it. Didn't it didn't really, it was a good try. It was good. Sometimes stuff board, sometimes you gotta shoot your shot once every few, you know, you connect. Yeah, this was totally embarrassing. And, and Trump held it as this, this was gonna be some sort of major trade deal last night. One of his classic all caps tweets. We did it, everybody. It's like, what did you do? First off, once it came out that it was the United Kingdom, I couldn't help but laugh because we actually have a trade surplus with the United Kingdom, which the whole point of this is for the trade deficit.

(16m 39s):
So it doesn't even make sense to begin with. Of course you're gonna cut the deal with the one that we have the surplus with because your tariffs, by your own admission of the reasoning that you're saying these tariffs are being placed doesn't make any sense with the nation that we have a trade surplus on. And even with that, they couldn't even get to an actual deal. It's a concept of a deal that we are working on right here. And just like everything they do is just a scam from start to finish. And quite frankly, I wish that there were a lot of aspects of this that could work. I wish that Doge was actually an organization that was going into, IM improve the technology of government, increase the efficiency of government, but then I, I, I wish, you know, maybe they actually could actually lower the deficit or balance the budget.

(17m 22s):
The fact is, when they actually come into office, they complain about all that crap and then they do the opposite and they do it far worse than any of their major complaints. Like Donald Trump is gonna explode the deficit once again, way more than what the deficit or debt went up under Joe Biden, which was actually decreasing under Joe Biden. The deficit you see with this whole doge nonsense, Trump at at, or Elon Musk was promising over $2 trillion in cuts, right? We're gonna have $2 trillion in cuts to the government. Well, Judd Legume did a report yesterday showing that Elon Musk is now on track to deliver just $5 billion worth of cuts. So 0.25% of the promised cuts.

(18m 2s):
And that's him being generous to get to that number. And not only that, that to doesn't take into account the amount that Doge is actually costing us. As Ben mentioned before, by do's actions in the IRS alone, it is going to cost the US more than $1 trillion. I think some of the estimates are 1.6, $1.7 trillion in costs to the United States. So Elon Musk said that he was going to save the federal government $2 trillion. In fact, he is costing the federal government at least that amount and probably more while also causing chaos, while also causing mass unemployment, while also just disrupting people's lives.

(18m 44s):
The trauma that comes with all this, the collective trauma that we are all experiencing here as Americans, it's just one scam after the next scam, after the next scam with nothing actually getting done. And that's why we see when these Republicans actually have to do something, or when Donald Trump actually has to do something like, okay, fellas, it's time to pass a budget. This is your most basic of tasks. You gotta just pass a budget. This is what every Congress and president needs to do each year. Right? They cannot even do the most basic tasks of governing. That's why they're so focused on let's rename the Persian, the the Persian Sea, or let's rename the Gulf of American, Mexico, the Gulf of America.

(19m 24s):
They wanna go the Persian Gulf, they wanna call it the Arabian Gulf. No. Something like that. Yeah. So th this is, th this is, that's all they could do because they could only handle the performative crap. And they're not even that good at that. Like even when you look at, I know I'm covering a lot right now, but even when you look at deportations trump's deportation numbers, despite all the chaos, despite all of his illegal actions, despite him deporting people, kidnapping people, abducting them, disappearing them, sending them to these death camps, these concentration camps, he's actually deporting fewer people than Joe Biden did, than Barack Obama did. Like how could he be so evil yet so incompetent at the same time. But that is the name of the game with the Trump administration.

(20m 5s):
Brett, you talk about this collective trauma that we're all going through. And I just wanna say that, that that's exactly what it is. Like you're so right. It's just so deeply pathetic watching Trump field these questions. He's barely getting out sentences as he's responding, but is corporate media gonna push back on that and say, Hey, are you cognitively all there? I don't know if they will, but we certainly will here. And you got nut like in the background, just chuckling it up. Like it's all just so honestly dystopian and like what in the North Korea are we watching? It isn't isn't that just so embarrassing to watch too? Oh, like the way he was laughing ha humili. And you know, it's a fake laugh. It's like, okay, you're doing fake laugh. It's like Austin Powers when like the people around Dr.

(20m 47s):
Evil are like, ha ha. Yes. It's like, that's so funny that you were saying, I, I was thinking of, of an, of an analogy like it that's exactly what that is. Is the doctor evil when they're all around the circular chair? Like, ha ha like the extended, but, but it, but it, but it hurts. Like, I wish it was funny, but it like genuinely hurts me as someone who deeply loves this country and I know the Midas mighty and this pro-democracy community, like it hurts you too. Like you see these losers up there, these completely incompetent fools who are just destroying the country that we love and, and they're laughing about it on their way and they just look so evil and manipulative and it's just all so pathetic, you know? And it's like whack-a-mole. There's so many things you kind of have to cover.

(21m 27s):
Like, yeah. At the same time they're like destroying museums in the United States. Like, they're like getting rid of artifacts from the African American History Museum, the Smithsonian, they're going after the Japanese American Museum in Los Angeles, and also museums like that across the country that celebrate diversity and inclusion of, of other ethnicities and other cultures. They're getting shut down and like attorney generals across the country have to like file lawsuits to protect museums. You know, the, one of the things that they're doing too, I know we have a lot of supporters from Sweden here and on the Midas mighty, so like this, this doesn't even get enough attention. So the US Embassy in Stockholm, in Sweden is demanding that Stockholm itself, that the city stop all diversity and inclusion initiatives.

(22m 17s):
The, the US Embassy is making an order to Sweden through the US Embassy that they don't support Sweden doing diversity and inclusion. And it, and it's just goes to show you like, I can go to different countries, but just think about what the people in Sweden are thinking. Like you're the US Embassy is telling us in Sweden that we can't support diversity here. Like who, who are you? Like, no, we're gonna, we're gonna do what we do in our country. And Brett, you talk about the renaming of the Persian Gulf, they wanna call it the Arabian Gulf. And by the way, you know, it probably went down like this. Trump was probably like on a call with MBS or, or the Abu Dhabi fund or someone in advance and you know, he was probably like, you know, you know, which is like, you gotta be funny.

(23m 3s):
You want me to do, I'm gonna go out and give, I'm go let go of America NBF I'm gonna do, I'm gonna call it the Arabian Gulf. Ha. You know, and N Bs like, oh no, you're not gonna do it. I'll gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. You know? And like that's what our foreign policy has become. But what it really abstracts and obscures is what we should be focusing on, right? Like what's going on in the Red Sea right now? We've lost at least two F 18 Hornet jets just fell off airplanes while the Houthis are attacking, I think it's the USS Harry Truman. That's, that's, that's out there. We've lost at least what, seven or eight, but potentially more reaper drones over Yemen.

(23m 46s):
And this is, as we're also aware that Department of Defense and State Department are putting a lid, they're preventing any information about us casualties in Yemen from even being reported on at all. And we know that it was the communications about the Houthis and strike targets that were in the signal text threads between Mike Walls, the former National Security Advisor and Pete Heif, the Department of Defense secretary. And so do we have any trust or faith that the Trump regime is not covering up? What the hell is going on? Like why are we losing a combined half a billion dollars to maybe a billion dollars in military equipment in the past 100 days?

(24m 34s):
Could you imagine if former President Biden lost nearly a billion dollars in military equipment in the, in the, in just the Red Sea? And there's no explanation really for it other than the plane just fell off the ship. Ah, the Reapers, they just got shot down in the past 100 days. We're talking about, and I could tell you they'd be blaming, you know, DEI, they'd be find, they'd find some transgender person to pin this on because that's what they do. They'd be blaming some, a black person because that's what they do. This is like what they got the hearings they'd hold, oh my God, there'd be hearings. How could this happen? How this is woke? This is DII mean, you know, that they, they do it right with such, they would go, you know, they, they, they would go up there and they would grandstand, right? They would go eight Reaper Jones Jones, they would go, you know, and they would make it a big deal.

(25m 22s):
This is treason. And they would say it just like, right. And then that would be on Fox treason impeachment. And, and, and, and by the way, four Americans died in Lithuania, Trump. And the regime said nothing about it. Two American soldiers died in the border of New Mexico. NN nothing about it at all. Like literally, like you said, it's, you know, their strategy is the covid strategy, which is you don't test, there are no cases. And that's what they do in every single aspect that, and anytime anything looks bad for them, they just don't talk about it. Or Trump says, I don't know anything about it. They don't report the actual facts. The fact that we are like, let's face it, like we are at war in Yemen right now. Like we are at war in the Red Sea with the Houthis.

(26m 3s):
And I know people don't wanna call it that, but that is exactly what is going on. And Trump's, you know, now claiming that there's some sort of ceasefire, well, there has to be attacks for there to be a ceasefire. Like this is a ceasefire, everything's going great. We're saying it's a ceasefire. But even after Donald Trump said that, that's like when a lot of these incidents continue to happen. And I believe, and this is my speculation, and it's backed up by facts at least a little bit, that we're not getting the full picture of what's going on because the Trump administration refuses to tell us what's actually going on in the Red Sea. So when I hear these stories of these fighter jets that are mysteriously falling off the USS, Harry s Truman, you know, I cannot help but think, did something else happen here?

(26m 45s):
Then this ship just happened to miss the landing or it just happened to fall off. Like those stories just to me, I I they, they're not like quite checking out as, oh, that makes sense. It's a usual thing that happens. Planes just roll off aircraft carriers all the time. And there's been like multiple, multiple instances just like this over the past few months, multiple instances. And when you look at like, you know, what, what is Pete Hesset saying while this is going on? You see Pete Hesset, like yesterday, like when we were learning about some of this new stuff with the Houthis and we were learning about, you know, these wars breaking out between India and and Pakistan, you see headset posting things like, no more woke bullshit in my military, kiss my ass.

(27m 29s):
And it's like, okay, talk tough all you want, like you're the worst. You, you're you're completely incompetent. Like our shit. You our our fighter jets are just being lost off, off off our aircraft carriers we're being attacked. The world is on fire and you're complaining about woke him. Like, get over yourself, do your damn job. You mean, Brett, you don't think we're getting accurate information from the slow the testing down guy? You don't think he's giving us up to date details on everything? I'm gonna say probably not. I'm gonna, I'm gonna say problem, you know, and also Donald Trump said, it's also really weird too to like very quickly enter into like a ceasefire agreement with the Houthis after talking so much shit. Like, just think about it like you're the United States of America, right?

(28m 10s):
You're talk, we're gonna demolish 'em, we're gonna do, we're gonna f 'em up. I mean, right? They went everything and then eight Reaper drones go down, we lose two F eighteens. And then Donald Trump said, he's like, you know, they're very, he called the Houthis honorable people in a press guy. He goes, they're very honorable people. We trust them. We're doing this. They call them brave. He, he was like, yeah, they took, they took our, they took our hits very well. They were quite brave out there. I'm like, they, you're calling the Houthis brave. Like what are you doing man? Like you're the commander in chief act like it. And when we come back, I wanna talk about this too, Brett, 'cause you, we've covered, we've covered like a lot of topics Wow. You know, in a, a short period of time already. But, but I want to bring this to, because we've gone from real credible scientists, people like Dr.

(28m 51s):
Fauci who are out to, now you have people who are in and, and Fauci wasn't the surgeon general, but you know, but, but we had, you know, top doctors who used to be the surgeon general. But right now, for example, Trump fired his prior surgeon, general Pick, who was a Fox News host. But she was actually somewhat qualified, but she was pro-vaccine. So that made her go the same way Donald Trump fired the head of FEMA today who was a MAGA guy. But he said that FEMA really needs to help communities. And so Trump fired the FEMA guy because the FEMA guy was too pro fema. And the Fox host that he had as the surgeon General was two pro-vaccine.

(29m 32s):
So they bring in someone named Casey means. Now Casey means is not a licensed doctor. She quit during her residency. She never made it through her residency. Which by the way, you know, as I've said before as it relates to Jim Jordan, he never took the bar exam. And I said, does it, look, I took the bar exam, does that make me a smarter person because I passed the bar? You know, I mean I would prefer a licensed lawyer with experience to lead the judiciary committee. So the fact that you have a, not a not licensed lawyer in Jim Jordan, I don't like that. The Judiciary committee, someone who never passed the bar exam.

(30m 11s):
You know, same thing too. Surgeon General, let's start with you passed your residency and you're licensed as a doctor. We could go up from there. But I also don't like when the Surgeon General said that the way she found love at the age of 35 was through shrines, full moon ceremonies. She talked to trees and then did mushrooms. And that was part of her plan. We've got a lot more to discuss on this episode of the Midas Touch Podcast. Podcast. Although we covered a lot right there. We'll be right back after a quick message. I wanna remind everybody, go to Midas Plus dot com, support our substack, go to patreon.com/ Midas Touch and we're gonna have another zoom meeting with our patron soon there.

(31m 0s):
And store dot Midas Touch dot com. Get that Midas Touch gear. And for everybody in Canada, we got that elbows up Canadian gear, 100% made in Canada over there. And then the rest of the stuff is here in the us But we may have to make some gear for our Australian supporters. Elbows up. And Anthony Alban Honor Elbows up. Elbows up. Let's take our first quick break of the show.

(31m 29s):
It's 2025. Why aren't my blinds smart and automatic like the rest of my home? Are your blinds still from 2025? Look, there's a better way to buy blind shade shutters and drapery. It's called Three Day Blinds. They are the leading manufacturer of high quality custom window treatment in the United States. And right now, if you go to three Day Blinds dot com slash Midas, they're running a buy one get one 50% off deal. Look, we can shop for almost anything at home. So why not shop for blinds at home too? Three Day Blinds has local, professionally trained design consultants who have an average of 10 years plus experience. They provide expert guidance on the right blinds for you and the comfort of your home. Just set up an appointment and you'll get a free no obligation quote the same day. It's what I did. And then I put their blinds all over my home, except for right there. 'cause my neighbor's a Midas Touch fan and she likes to see her green friends when I do these hot takes. Look, if you're not very handy like I am, just go trust them. They come into your house, they figure it out for you and you're not going to regret it. I am so happy I have three Day Blinds. Look, it's 2024. I have so many smart gadgets and gizmos in my house. Why not do that for your blinds as well? That's what I did. I'm very happy. So right now, get quality window treatments that fit your budget with three Day Blinds. Head to three Day Blinds dot com slash Midas For their buy one. Get 50% off deal on custom blind shade shutters and drapery for a free no charge, no obligation consultation. Just head to three Day Blinds dot com slash midas. One last time. That's buy one. Get 50% off when you head to the number three DAY blinds.com/midas. And spell Midas, right? M-E-I-D-A-S. Thank you.

(33m 10s):
This episode of the Midas Touch Podcast is brought to you by Graza. And yes, it's my new favorite olive oil. It's fresh, never blended and comes from a single type of olive. The paqua straight out of high end Spain, where over half the world's olive oil is made. So what makes Graza so good? First, it's single origin, which means no mystery blends. Just pure flavorful oil you could actually trust. And the packaging game changer, squeeze and spray bottles, no drippy mess, no fussy tins, just aim, squeeze. Done. They've got three types. Frizzle, the newest one for high heat frying and grilling sizzle. Your go-to everyday oil for sauteing or roasting and drizzle. A bold finishing oil you'll want to put on everything. Yes, even ice cream. Don't knock it till you try it personally, I love using Graza. It's perfect for when I'm roasting veggies, super clean, super flavorful, and way easier than my old olive oil setup. I've also been making some amazing salad dressings with the drizzle oil. It's so good, so convenient. I don't think I could ever go back to anything else. So head to Graza dot co and use code Midas to get 10% off of trio, which includes sizzle, frizzle, and drizzle. And get to cook in your next chef quality meal. That's Graza dot co. And use Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. Let's go.

(34m 25s):
Shout out to our sponsors. Shout out. Three Day Blinds. Big update. Benji. Looks like you got some three Day Blinds behind. Now. Sorry to your neighbor, but those are looking pretty fresh. Shout out to Graza. Let these sponsors are new this year and they've just been frigging awesome. So if you're in the market for that stuff, check it out. Links in description of audio and the YouTube. Click the links, use the codes, let them know we sent you Benji, where to next? You know, like Treasury Secretary Scott Bessons, the guy who came from Wall Street, right? He knows what a tariff is. He knows that tariffs are bad like this. This, there are some things that we shouldn't even have to have debates over, right?

(35m 6s):
We shouldn't have debates over. Is there due process or not? Due process. There is due process. That's the United States of America. If you are even having a debate over it, the debate is in bad faith because the answer is yes, there's due process, period. You don't like that. Go to Russia, go to North Korea. We have due process here. Even for really bad guys. They get due process and then if they're convicted, they get thrown in jail. And we should be law and order law is the first part of it, and then order law and order that. That's what there should be. We shouldn't, we shouldn't have to have debates again over, over, you know, is a tariff a good thing or a bad thing?

(35m 46s):
We, we, we know what a tariff is. A tariff is a tax, it is a levy quite literally on the importer in the United States, which is passed on the consumer. It's the biggest regressive tax in American history. That's what's taking place. That gets passed on to the consumer. That's what it is. Not a hard question, but people like Treasury Secretary Scott Besson, who know better why? And the problem is, is is it's this whole covid mentality of like a miracle. It's all gonna go away. It's not happening. Seven cases are gonna go to zero cases while a gathering storm is happening, while the shores are moving back and the tsunami wave is, is coming.

(36m 32s):
We see it. And all that's happening in the interim is market manipulation, which sucks because that's helping regular folk, which is why there shouldn't be a Democrat or a Republican issue. We see what's happening at the ports. We know what's happening. I don't think we need to play the clip. But the guy who runs the port of Seattle saying he doesn't see ships, the guy who runs the Port of Long Beach, which is in Los Angeles, I don't see ships, less ships we're gonna run out of supplies. They're, they're, they're telling us this. And Scott Besson is lying. He, he, here was his testimony. Here's treasury Secretary Scott Besson being asked a very simple question by a Democratic Congress member who pays the tariff.

(37m 13s):
You don't get much more basic than that. Here, play this clip. Who pays tariffs? Mr. Secretary? Lemme No, no, no. Ask the answer the questions I ask please. I only have five minutes. Who pays tariffs? Sorry. Well, who Pays tariffs? Sorry, Mr. Secretary, please excuse me. The question is very simply, who pays tariffs? Mr. Chairman? The, I'd like him to answer that question. Well, he wants to answer other question. Well, Congressman, if the congressman, if the exporters they dislike tariffs so much, the why wouldn't they? If I think what you're trying to get me to say Is, did you remember the question?

(37m 53s):
I'm not sure you did. Who pays tariffs? The, They. It's a very complicated question. Reclaiming my time. People pay tariffs, right? I'm reclaiming my time, Mr. Secretary. Reclaiming my time. Mr. Secretary. No. Reclaiming my time, sir. No sir, you clearly aren't gonna answer. I'm not gonna waste my time. You having you go Mr. Secretary Or claiming to know what he was trying to say. If the exporters dislike the tariffs so much, just a barrier for them to do trade based on the levy that's being imposed on the, on the importer.

(38m 33s):
So when they go, oh, well they're going to, they're going to eat the tariff. What, what, what do you mean they're going to eat the what do you mean they're going eat it And what are we even talking about? They're gonna, they're going to, they're going eat it. No, they're gonna, it's gonna happen. What happened in China where there's now basically a trade-in bar no one's eating it. Whatcha talking about? I don't even know what, I don't even know what eating it means, honestly. And, and I guess the only, if we really want to dig into this stupidity, and I don't know why I'm bothering it, I guess the company can eat it and then pay the consumer to buy their product. I guess if there's 145% tariff, I think that's the only, that doesn't make any sense. They just say word. They just say phrases. You, you don't have the cards. The linsky you don't have the cards full. He doesn't, he had to fold.

(39m 13s):
He didn't have the car. They're gonna eat it. They're gonna eat the tariffs. They just say shit. And they, their words don't have any meaning in that case. Wouldn't the importer be the one eating it if they didn't pass it on to the consumer? Yeah. And by eating it, you mean the exporter would need to make their prices lower. So when you still add the tariff to the lower priced good, it technically evens out what it was. But then you still have the tariff. Is that what? And and a lot of these tariffs are like the China tariffs over a hundred percent. It's like 145%. So it's not even possible a possible thing. I I, one, one of the things that we've seen also is that, and, and remember when it's a China tariff, that's like Ben saying, a tariff on the imports coming from China that's being paid by American businesses.

(39m 58s):
That's America paying more. That's the American consumer paying more. And it's pretty obvious why Scott Bessant didn't want to answer that because he would be directly contradicting Donald Trump who continues to lie about what a tariff even is. Or maybe he honestly doesn't even know what it is. Because when we watched that a b, c interview the other day, it showed that his mental capacities were at rock bottom. And so perhaps Donald Trump doesn't even know what this is, who knows? But Scott Bessett definitely knows what this is. And he's just trying to protect Donald Trump here by continuing to lie to the American people about what's going on. I think one of the interesting things that I've seen, I'm not sure if you guys have seen this, but on social media, a lot of companies now are posting their tariff bills.

(40m 38s):
And a lot of these people are people, you know, small business owners who supported Trump. And I think it's actually a really interesting trend that we are seeing, whether it's on Blue Sky or Twitter on Facebook or, or whatever, people posting like their statements from DHL that says, in order for you to take this package, you not only have to pay the price of the goods, but you also owe, and its prices are exorbitant. Like for, you know, goods that don't even cost that much. They're paying thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of dollars that they now have to pay. And so when Donald Trump says, we're getting rich, we're getting rich. Maybe he's just speaking about himself because the people who are actually paying those fees are American businesses and the American people.

(41m 19s):
Now most employment in America actually comes from small and medium sized businesses, right? The big corporations are out there lobbying for their exemptions, but the small and medium sized businesses are getting absolutely screwed. And so when Bessant or Lutnick say, well, look, I've spoken to a lot of corporations and they've already built up the inventory to be ready for this situation. Small and medium sized businesses are, are not. And and what, what this all leads us to head towards, I've said it before, I've called it a Tom Hanks moment because remember when Tom Hanks got covid, and by the way, Australia took great care of him after Donald Trump's lies like a miracle.

(42m 8s):
It's all gonna go away. It's great, everything's amazing. Tom Hanks got Covid and then everyone was like, whoa, this is real. It's not going away. And then we had Trump lockdowns, remember, when is there going to be that Tom Hanks moment? Because Trump's entire life has been that when the lies have caught up to him, and then there's been a catastrophic event that's led to a bankruptcy, right? What Donald Trump do in Atlantic City, he created three casinos right next to each other that cannibalized each other. He over leveraged it. He told everybody it was going great. And then one day, boop bankrupt, everybody loses their jobs.

(42m 48s):
Contractors don't get paid, employees get fired. It devastates all of Atlantic City. And there were so many people saying, dude, if you open up three casinos next to each other and you take, and you're over leveraged the way you are, of course you're gonna go bankrupt. And Trump would try to get those people fired. The experts fired, right? That's what Trump did during Covid. When the Ponzi scheme runs out, he blames the expert and now he's trying to Dr. Fauci, the Federal Reserve chairman, Jerome Powell. And so when things go bad, when it all blows up, they're gonna blame Powell. And you're gonna hear Powell did this. If he just lowered the interest rates, we'd be good. We, he would've figured it out. That's the campaign that they're running right now. Now, let me show you this Treasury secretary, Scott Besson, like all these Trump regime members, they go on TV and they talk about, because Donald Trump, Donald Trump says Alcatraz, they say Alcatraz.

(43m 38s):
Donald Trump says tariff movies. They say tariff movies. Donald Trump says, it just parroting what he's saying. Donald Trump posts AI images of himself as the Pope. Oh, that's so funny. You know, isn't this guy the funniest ever? And by the way, just let me address quickly the idea of like Trump them saying that this is a joke. And just, Donald Trump said that when he claimed that he was gonna bring peace to Ukraine in 24 hours, he told Time Magazine, that that was a joke. And he said it was in jest. And if the fake news took him seriously, they shouldn't have. So Donald Trump uses the concept of jokes, which by the way, there's a time and a place for jokes. You know, what time and a place for a joke in the presidency, the White House correspondence dinner that Donald Trump never shows up to, because he can't take, he can't take self-deprecating humor.

(44m 25s):
There's places for it. But joking or saying you're joking about bringing peace to Ukraine in 24 hours. That that's not a funny joke. We're not looking for you. No offense to clowns because it's a real profession in circuses. I don't wanna offend Donald Trump. We don't, we're not looking for that in a leader. You, you're you, you be an adult, be grown, behave normally. Just stop with, stop with this crap. Anyway, I digress. Treasury secretary Scott Cent has to go out there and then say, so what? Donald Trump. And he has this like, arrogant face. Two, what Donald Trump really meant. What Donald Trump really meant when he was saying that you get two pencils is that you're gonna, you're life's gonna be much better, much, much better to the girls, little girls, little girls.

(45m 12s):
You understand? Have your pencil and your one doll here, watch this. The the other thing too is this reporter behind me was quite snarky the other day when President Trump talked about the, the girl having two dolls. And he said, well, what President didn't take the question, but he said, what would you tell that girl? And I said, I would tell that young girl that you will have a better life than your parents. That you and your family, thanks to President Trump can now be confident again that you will have a better life than your parents. Which working class Americans had abandoned that idea. Your family will own a home. You will be able to the advance, you will have a good education, you'll have economic freedom.

(45m 55s):
That's what we are advancing. That's why you get $1 and one pencil and you pay more for it. Housing is less affordable right now, not more affordable. We're not mo we're not moving towards a situa. And by the way, if tariffs are working great, then why are you trying to do deals that remove the tariffs? And of course there's no intellectual consistency here 'cause there's nothing intellectual going on. I'll show you this clip right here of oh, oh. The ultimate irony is, let me show this video of these little girls that the Trump campaign and like the Magna supporters put out there during the campaign, or even just, it just, it just, there's always a clip for everything with Donald Trump, right?

(46m 38s):
Where these little girls were like, we, he's gonna give us more Barbies and we're gonna get Barbies cheap. And that's like the message that right wing media was pushing over and over again. We're gonna get Barbies. And now literally Trump's central planning says, you get $1 and one pencil here, watch those. What Do you want him to do? What do you want him to say today? I want him, I want him to lower prices and lower the taxes and make Barbies cheaper. Make Barbies cheaper. Yeah, tell me more about that. Have they gotten expensive? Yeah. And Polly Pockets, all my favorite toys are so expensive.

(47m 18s):
You know, dollar by the way, by the way, real quick, I just like, that's what indoctrination looks like. Like I, like, I feel, I feel for those girls and, and you know, they're just given talking points by their parents to say these things at these rallies and it, it, it act actually breaks my heart a bit that I haven't seen that clip. Holy cow. There truly is a clip for everything. Unfreaking believable. Speaking of a clip for everything. Then you have Cash Patel, who's somehow the FBI director, he shows up for a Senate hearing today on the FBI budget. And he doesn't do his homework right? He doesn't hand in his homework, which like, literally you have to turn over the budget so that the Senate can go through it and ask you about your budget.

(48m 1s):
So the senators are asking him, where, where is it, you know, it was due by law, it was due and you violated the law. Are, are you gonna follow it? Watch FBI direct, this is why this shouldn't be a Democrat or a Republican thing, right? This is why this should just be an American people thing. And the American people think, wait a minute, you're not, you're not even doing your homework. You're not even submitting the budget. And then when he's asked like, so are you just gonna violate the law? He's like, I'll, I'll submit it to you when I wanna submit it to you. Just think about that. Just think about where you work. Matt, you tell your boss, did you hand in your thing? No. Why? No, I'm not gonna do it. Are you, do you plan on doing it? No. When, when I want to here watch this clip.

(48m 43s):
I have a timeline on that. It was due last week by law. I understand. And your answer is you just understand you're not gonna follow the law. My answer is that I am following the law and I'm working with my interagency partners to do this and get you the budget that you are required to have. And you have no timeline. No. Hmm. Well we also need a full budget request, not a single paragraph full of wild talking points that we saw with the skinny budget proposal. We're now having a budget hearing without a budget request. So Director Patel, where is the FY 2026 budget request for the FBI?

(49m 24s):
It's being worked on. Ma'am, Have you reviewed it? Have you approved it? Not yet. When will we get it? As soon as I can get it from my interagency partners and get it approved Six months from now. I don't know ma'am. I'm not gonna make That time. Well, how do we as Congress do our budget and our work without that request and without the spend plan? Don't care. Well, ma'am, I'm here. I'm doing the best. I can't, I can't make up answers. I'm gonna commit to you to work on getting you the information you need, That that is insufficient and deeply disturbing. No response. I've given my response. Again, can you imagine if Pete Buttigieg transportation secretary, can you imagine if the previous FBI director under Donald Trump, who was, you know, who who was competent, showed up and and and did that, right?

(50m 16s):
Can you imagine what what we'd be talking about here? And again, what the hell is that? This is where, again, I don't care what political party you're from, you watch that and you think about, wait, these are the people who are making economic decisions. These are the people who are making decisions over war and peace. These people have access to military. These people are, these people are idiots and they're dangerous and they're lazy and it's not a political thing. And, and, and they're, they're just, they're just there to dismantle. They're not there to be efficient. If you want to be efficient, department of government, inefficient, maybe efficient is submit the budget.

(50m 58s):
It's the first part of efficiency. We've got a lot more to discuss. I want to talk about Cardinal Robert Prevost becoming Pope Leo the 14th and his post and maga freaking out after they've looked at his social media posts. They didn't seem to like that at, at at all. I'll talk about the big, beautiful disaster that is the MAGA Republican budget Bill reminder, everybody go to store. Do Midas Touch dot com during the last break. There was a lot of people at store dot Midas Touch dot com. I guess everybody's gearing up for the summer gear. Go to store dot Midas Touch dot com Also Midas Plus dot com. The fastest growing substack in these United States and the world.

(51m 41s):
Subscribe to Midas Plus dot com. We'll be right back after our last quick break.

(51m 48s):
Long work weeks and busy weekends can leave you feeling and looking depleted. Prolongs five day fasting mimicking diet works at the cell dealer level to rejuvenate you from the inside out providing real results. And now they're upping their game with the new Next Gen five day program, delivering the same science backed benefits in a cleaner, more convenient and more flavorful format. ProLon is a plant-based nutrition program featuring soups, snacks, and beverages designed to nourish the body while keeping it in a fasting state triggering cellular rejuvenation and renewal. NextGen builds on the original ProLon with 100% organic soups and teas, a richer taste and ready to eat meals developed over decades. At uscs Longevity Institute and backed by top US Medical Centers. ProLon has been shown to support biological age reduction, metabolic health, skin appearance, fat loss, and energy. Now I did the five day program and I feel so much better now. I can't wait to experience ProLon NextGen and continue to see results. For a limited time, you can be first in line to experience the new next gen at special savings. ProLon is offering the Midas Touch Podcast listeners 15% off site wide, plus a $40 bonus gift when you subscribe to their five day program. Just visit ProLon life.com/ Midas Plus, that's P-R-O-L-O-N-L-I-F e.com/ Midas. Plus to claim your 15% discount and your bonus gift, pro prolong life.com/midas.

(53m 31s):
Even if you think it's a bit overhyped, AI is suddenly everywhere from self-driving cars to molecular medicine to business efficiency. If it's not in your industry yet, it's coming fast. But AI needs a lot of speed and computing power. So how do you compete without costs? Spiraling out of control time to upgrade to the next generation of the cloud? Oracle Cloud infrastructure, or O-C-I-O-C-I is a blazing, fast and secure platform for your infrastructure database application development, plus all your AI and machine learning workloads. OCI costs 50% less for compute and 80% less for networking. So you're saving a pile of money. Thousands of businesses have already upgraded to OCI, including Vodafone, Thomson Reuters, and Suno ai. Right now, Oracle is offering to cut your current cloud bill in half. If you move to oci. For new US customers with minimum financial commitment offer ends March 31st. See if your company qualifies for this special offer at Oracle dot com slash Midas Plus. That's Oracle dot com slash Midas. Plus, shout out to our sponsors.

(54m 49s):
ProLon is like super legit, by the way. Definitely love it. Links in description of YouTube and the audio. Use the links, use the codes, let them know we sent you one sec with those ad reads. Like a quick aside, that's kind of funny. The hardest part for me is when you have to spell out the link, sometimes, like on the scripts, it's like spell out each individual letter of the vanity of like the special URL, your trouble with letters. And so I really like, I, you could see me in the read, I am hyperfocused on making sure I hit every letter in order. Benji's looking at me like I'm so ashamed of you. Little bit. It's okay. It, I'm just, sometimes you do a really good re sometimes you nail the read and then at the very end you gotta do the letters. And then you're like, and then if you misspell, like, I gotta do, I gotta do it all again.

(55m 29s):
Spelling, I didn't realize I had to spell during the reads that, that it's like a, it's like a NFL player's like running to the end zone. He like does great 90 yards and then in 10 yards he like drops the ball right before the end zone. So speak. Speaking of letters, I think we should speak about Trump's latest DUI hire perhaps Janine Piro, who is now going, we, we mentioned this at the top, at the top of the show briefly, but it is like an official thing that Trump is actually doing. Trump announced that Judge Janine Pirro. That's right. The Fox host, AKA Judge Box Wine will be appointed interim United States attorney for the District of Columbia. Trump, you know, goes on and on and on about her things. I mean, he's appointing her because she's a Fox host.

(56m 11s):
Trump actually had pardoned her husband for crimes, I believe. Was that during his last administration? Hard to keep track of, of all of this stuff. And I like, you know, I remember what, you know, people think this is like a meme. People think this is, this is fake, but this is legitimate what Donald Trump is doing. Just adding to the complete and utter clown show, as Ben says, no offense to clowns, but the clown show of the Trump administration that we are seeing right here. This of course, after Ed Martin, the previous us interim attorney for the District of Columbia was withdrawn from his nomination today because of his overall. He was just too crazy for, too, even too crazy for the magazines.

(56m 52s):
Ed Martin was the guy who actually, he, he defended the January 6th insurrectionist. He defended the January 6th insurrection. If you saw a lot of the memos that we covered that Ed Martin has released while he's been interim US attorney, it is straight out of authoritarian governments, like very scary stuff. He's the guy who put forth all of those various memos saying like, if you criticize Elon Musk, we're gonna come after you with the full power of the Department of Justice. Like this guy is a complete and utter lunatic. So he's gone and we got another lunatic, I guess in his place now. Judge Janine Donald Trump picking again from the Fox News propaganda pool. Then your thoughts on Judge Janine As U US attorney, a a very, what used to be a highly respected position.

(57m 39s):
Well just look at his cabinet and look at his hires. They're all Fox hosts, right? I mean, you've got Pete Hegseth, secretary of Defense was the former co-host of Fox and Friends Weekend Show and a Fox News contributor since 2014. Sean Duffy, who got famous from the Real World Road Rules Challenge, was a former Fox co-host of the show called The Bottom Line on Fox Business. And he was a Fox News contributor since 2020. You have Pam Bondy who co-hosts the Five on Fox News three days in August, 2018. And she was a guest who frequently appeared on the Hannity Show and on Laura Ingram and Jesse Waters, you know, and then the other positions, whether it's Dan Bino or Tulsi Gabbard or, or you name him.

(58m 29s):
I mean, these people are, you know, he hires Fox Host. It's why I call Fox State Regime Media, because there is no separation between the regime media and, and, and the Trump administration, you know, and, and you know, there's Sean Duffy right there. I mean, you know, we, we've seen plane crash after plane crash after plane crash. You know, this guy like then takes like selfies of himself and he'll like be like, ooh, so good to be home on Friday for the Fiesta hashtag Latina wife. She's making me tacos. And by the way, Sean Duffy's wife, I'm not making that play word for word. A tweet that he sends hashtag Latina wife.

(59m 9s):
And then Sean Duffy's wife is currently a host on the Fox Morning show right now, you know, Lara Trump has her show on Fox. It's just a bunch of Fox hosts and it's a bunch of people who cosplay and they, they like, they dress up like it's Halloween, you know, or I guess for Duffy Dia de los es. And they, and, and they, you know, and, and, and, and, and they're, they're, they're, they're like pretending they're playing make believe, make and politics has become so gamified by Corporate news that we're like, these people are not these, these aren't the people who should be in these positions. Again, stop Republican, Democrat.

(59m 51s):
I, I I don't really think that we should have WWE wrestlers become actual like professional athlete, you know what I mean? Like what do, what, what's, what's what in the world's going on here anyway, there's nothing to say about Judge Z and this is ridiculous. This is a, this is embarrass, it's an embarrassment right here. You know, maybe not quite as embarrassing of the Secretary General or the surgeon general that Trump's picking. Casey means not actually being a licensed doctor and not passing her residency, but maybe it's tied or, or quite close the big beautiful budget bill.

(1h 0m 31s):
That's what Donald Trump's calling the stupid thing, which is gonna gut your Medicaid like $880 billion. They wanna, one of their scams they're trying to do is shift the Medicaid financial burden to states. Many states already have trigger laws, which would automatically stop state funding and Medicaid if federal funding shuts off. But then even states that don't have the trigger laws, they don't have the funds to fund Medicaid. Like there's a role for federal government, right? Like you need federal government to do certain things. States don't have the ability to coordinate natural disasters themselves. They can help. They don't have those resources. States don't. That's why our system of federalism relies on cooperation between the federal government and state governments.

(1h 1m 15s):
So Trump fired the FEMA guy who was a MAGA guy because the guy said he takes his job. But even as though he is maga he says, FEMA needs to do a better job reacting to the states. See you later, bye-bye. That gets you fired. They walked him in and they perp walked him out today, Maga FEMA guy, just because he said he cares about fema. You have to be like a Linda McMahon who runs the Department of Education, who's willing to gut $2 billion in mental health money for mental health treatment in schools. That's what they're doing because she's so rich, it doesn't affect her. And she doesn't give a crap about public schools. They care about private schools and, and helping businesses run private schools.

(1h 1m 57s):
So Linda McMahon gets rid of all mental health treatment in, in public schools and she says, oh, I I, I, she's so rich, it doesn't, nothing matters to her. So she's like, yeah, I'm gonna fire myself. Ha you know, so they try to destroy the Department of Education from within. Anyway, moving back to though this, this, this budget, what They call the big beautiful bill that getss Medicaid and it's not beautiful. It's a big disaster. You have MAGA Republicans at war with each other, basically because, you know, one group of MAGA republicans wanna get rid of Medicaid. The other group of MAGA republicans want to get rid of Medicaid. They just don't want people to know about it. And because you all have made loud noise, we've all exposed it.

(1h 2m 37s):
Democrats have exposed it. The people have exposed what they're doing. They tried to hide it. They tried to say, no, this is actually 800 and billion getting removed from like the commerce committee. Everyone's like, okay, that means Medicaid, okay, that means you're getting rid of Medicaid. So they got caught there. Now they're like, oh crap. Now we're gonna get voted out for sure if we cut Medicaid. So we can't do that. So now you have this tension taking place, and then on the Senate, while this reconciliation's happening where the Senate has a bill and the house has a bill and they have to like blend them together through these markups and whatever the Mara Republicans in the Senate are already saying, we're not gonna pass the house bills, zero chance, or We're all wasting your time. Don't believe me. Here's a pretty far right wing guy.

(1h 3m 18s):
MAGA, Republican Ron Johnson from Wisconsin. Here's what he's gotta say, let's Play. But the, the tax bill, will we get it before Memorial Day? No. No, there's no way. Because again, unfortunately, president Trump chose the one big beautiful bill. What he should have done is the multiple step process. Mm. I suggested three steps hit the border funding. Second step, just extend current tax law. So we take an automatic tax, Will we get it before the end of the year quickly? Not if we don't come down with a reasonable pre pandemic level spending, there's enough of us in the Senate that we will not agree to that. Oh Boy, that's bad news, Senator, thank you for that. Appreciate it. Have a good weekend. Appreciate you coming on. And again, this is like, don't look up, right?

(1h 3m 60s):
Like we, we know what's gonna, you, you don't believe in there. He said it again today. Here, let, let me show you him saying again today here, play this clip Arguing over, you know, additional tax provisions and getting down to a reasonable pre pandemic spending level. But that's not the path we chose. So I think the, the sooner we acknowledge the fact that this current effort is doomed to fail, I'm so, I'm sorry, I've got a discreet president on this. It's doomed to fail. I'm not gonna vote for it. I know a number of senators who will not even come, we're not even contemplating this is, this is non-starter right now as it's being written. Yeah. We would actually increase the deficit. Yeah. I don't think many, many people realize that we would actually increase the deficit.

(1h 4m 40s):
That's a complete non-starter. So no, we're, we're not even close. So as I was saying before, you know, the movie don't look up, right? The come or the asteroids coming and everybody's acting like it isn't. So we know what's happening at the ports. We know what's happening with this bill. We know what's happening with inflation. We know what's happening with the fundamentals of the economy. We know where that's moving. So as I said this Tom Hanks moment where it's like, ah, that should never happen. Leadership should avoid that from happening. That may mean when you're a leader, you have to be honest. You have to confront the situation. You have to explain things. You have to let people know. You have to, you have to alter your strategies.

(1h 5m 22s):
If they're not working. But Donald Trump's like a miracle, it's all gonna go away. It's not what you're happening. This tariffs are the greatest thing ever. Things are amazing. Gas is a dollar in 89 when it's not. Eggs are down 87% when it's not. We've solved inflation inflation's up, which is not, that's just not how you run things. And, and they just want us to use our logic and our basic humanity, you know, and common sense to say we know where this is headed. We know where this is headed. Brett, I want you to talk about the Pope if you can, because you know that that was, that was an interesting pick today when we found out right?

(1h 6m 5s):
That it was gonna be an American pope. And so there was a lot of, there was a lot of people wondering, you know, who, who is Cardinal Robert Prius, right? He's someone who was spent most of his time in Peru, but he is American who was in Chicago for quite some time. We saw this from the guy who sits on the White House's Commission on religious liberty, someone named Bishop Robert Barron. And he said, until America goes into political decline, there won't be an American pope. He was citing a Cardinal George of Chicago. You know, he goes, because the Vatican doesn't want America to have a pope while it's running the world politically, culturally, and economically.

(1h 6m 50s):
They don't want America running the world religiously. But one of the signs of America declined by the Vatican would be to pick an American pope. And So it seems that the Vatican was actually sending a message here as well to the United States. Alright, we'll give you your pope now because that's like, 'cause he wasn't the front runner, you know, from, you know, and by the way, this guy's, by all accounts, this Pope seems like, you know, he, he's, he's gonna facilitate some of the good stuff that Pope Francis did, but he wasn't the easy pick. But then when you explain it like that, you're like, oh, and Mag's freaking out Brett. Yeah, Mag's losing it. I, I mean just to kind of, you know, get back to the beginning here, just the basic facts.

(1h 7m 33s):
You know, this morning I think we all saw the white smoke emanating from the Sistine Chapel chimney that signifies that a new pope has indeed been elected in conclave. By the way, the timing of that movie, I mean, my God, did they get lucky? But we saw yesterday there was the black smoke, which meant that, you know, that there was no Pope elected. And some people thought that this was gonna take quite a bit. And then I think everybody was shocked when all of a sudden the white smoke was coming up today. And we then learned about, I don't know, about an hour or so later, that the person who was selected is Cardinal Robert Francis Prevost. He is from Chicago of all places, the first Pope from the United States in history, the 267th Pope.

(1h 8m 15s):
He has now taken the name, you know, the pope's take, take other names. He's taken the name of Pope Leo the 14th. And immediately, you know, our researchers started looking him up and found his Twitter account. Right away he tweets and not that much, but when he does tweet, he's quite intentional about it. And so, you know, his tweets are honestly the kinds of things that you would expect somebody who embraces the tenets of Christianity to be speaking about. Right? Speaking about, you know, positively about immigrants speaking about, you know, caring for thy neighbor. When you look at his tweets, it is like the fundamentals of Catholicism, of Christianity. But I think the funny thing that kind of happens in these moments, and it happened all the time with Pope Francis, and by the way, Pope Leo the 14th was actually very close with Pope Francis shares.

(1h 9m 1s):
A lot of his beliefs about things is known to be kind of centrist, but more progressive on a lot of these kind of key social issues. But one of the things I think we realize when there are these moments is how contradictory the MAGA ideology and the Republican notion of Jesus in the United States is to that of the actual church. And when those come into conflict, MAGA doesn't know how to react. And so they lash out, They call him a DEI Pope, They call him a Democrat, They call him a woke lib. Like they, They call him, they're, they, they try to just throw all these words out here to try to smear the person who is simply just speaking about the tenets of his religion.

(1h 9m 42s):
And somebody who hasn't even said much, even in English at all, I don't think at this point about his papacy. And so when you look at his old tweets, I think they're very revealing about who he is as an individual. And this is one of the reasons why MAGA is so furious right now. 'cause you look at his tweets, you see some of the ones right here recently, this is in February, 2025. He wrote on Twitter, Pope Francis' letter, JD Vance, and what the gospel asks of us all on immigration. One of the other tweets he posted around then was, JD Vance is wrong. Jesus does not ask us to rank our love for others. A very recent post from him was about Donald Trump sending immigrants to these prison camps in El Salvador.

(1h 10m 26s):
You know, he was harshly critical of, of Donald Trump on that and was retweeting other people who were being critical about that. He retweeted Senator Chris Murphy on gun control in 2017. He's tweeted in the past about Donald Trump, you know, going back, at least we saw going back at least to 2015, about the things that Donald Trump has said about migrants being highly critical of him there. And you could just go through kind of all of his tweets, you know, go through his, what the things that he was saying about COVID-19. You see November, 2015 sign the Catholic Climate Petition. So, you know, you have all these things that are happening. And so you have the typical MAGA folks, the MAGA propagandists once again lashing out because the concept of faith and their ideology where they, their religion, let's face it as maga, their religion is Donald Trump.

(1h 11m 15s):
That is their God. And so when anybody, especially in a role like this, goes against their God, they don't know how to react. And so we saw just all these deranged posts. Laura Loomer called him a woke Marxist pope. She was like leading the charge against the new Pope. We saw this guy Joey Mannarino saying, Pope Leo the 14th is not an American, he's a Democrat. Just read his Twitter feed. That's very revealing also about the way that they view Democrats in this country. One of the comments to that person said, another MAGA wrote this, bolstered the new World order, fight against Donald Trump and the American people feeling discouraged. I mean, these people are, this is like mental illness that we're seeing right here.

(1h 11m 55s):
Laura Loomer was just on a rampage today. She said, this is the new Pope. His name is Robert Prevo. He's the first American pope. He's anti-Trump, anti maga pro open borders, and a total Marxist like Pope Francis Catholics don't have anything good to look forward to. Just another Marxist puppet in the Vatican. Sean Davis, another one of these mags, the new pope seems to be anti-Trump and pro open borders. It's just so pathetic when you see this like every kind of moment. They just have to like view everything through the lens of what does Donald Trump think about this? I must be loyal to my leader. I must be loyal to my God, Donald Trump. And it's just so incredibly embarrassing when you see it like that this reaction was no different, you know?

(1h 12m 36s):
But you know, obviously a big day, you know, for, for Catholics a big day for the world out there and a historic moment to have a, an American pope. I think it's just, you know, a crazy thing. And I mean, just to think about Pope from Chicago who graduated from Villanova University. I mean that's, it's kinda wild. No, he's, I know he spent like, what, 20 years I think in Peru doing a lot of things in Peru. He speaks like eight languages, you know, obviously like a, you know, brilliant dude. And, and yeah, you know, I mean, Bo was like the second, second day of them doing the voting and, and he's in there. You have it so wild. I don't know if this is gonna come out correct, but it just like maga a attacking the Pope.

(1h 13m 18s):
I'm it's chef's kiss, like just pure comedy. What, where, what timeline are we living in? These people are so sick. Like, please Maga, go touch, go touch some grass, go outside, take a breather. You're, you're attacking the, the Pope. It's utterly ridiculous. Think about how much they smeared former president Joe Biden, right? And his religion. And he was a devout Catholic, a practicing Catholic, somebody who went to church every single week, every Sunday. He, and how they hold up Donald Trump as this beacon of religiosity and piety when he represents like quite literally every sin. Donald Trump. But you, but, but you did nail it.

(1h 13m 58s):
The maga the their God is Donald Trump and he is infallible to them. And so, so that those two things are in contradiction, you know, at the end of the day. And so, you know, I mean, you see it play out, but that's why we always say here that this whole maga movement, it all kind of, the, the only way it can operate is when there are no facts, right? The only way it could operate is when they live in this alternate reality. So Ben, you were speaking before about, you know, like a, what a leader would do is tell the truth, right? What a leader would do is say, these are the, these are the things that are gonna be happening. There are going to be these shortages that is going to be difficult that Donald Trump, you know. But I think what they learned from, I think they always learn the wrong lessons.

(1h 14m 38s):
They learn that you gotta lie more from Covid. They didn't learn that, oh, we should have been more prepared for this disease. We should have been more open with the American people. We should have tested more people. No, if you ask these MAGA people right now, they double down on everything they did in Covid. They say that, oh, we were actually right during Covid. Actually Covid wasn't really that bad, even though millions of people died. It actually wasn't that bad people, you know, the, the, it was just, you know, everyone was just went crazy and it was just like a little cold. And why did everybody freak out? And they, they refuse to ever step back for one second and say, you know what, maybe just, maybe it would've been better. You know, if we actually acknowledge the reality of the situation, the gravity of the situation.

(1h 15m 18s):
They just know that if they continue to steamroll with their propaganda networks and their lies, and they just keep going, that they will ultimately be able to bring those mag diehards along with them on this fake reality journey that they have. That applies whether we're talking the pope, it applies whether we're talking covid shortages, you name it. It's all propped up by this house of cards of lies. And again, if, if the tariffs are working so well against China right now, and we're crushing it, why, why are we rushing to try to make a deal? Like why, why is Bessant even talking to them? Isn't this winning, right? I mean, isn't this what they say is great? I mean, why, why if tariffs were so great, why don't you do 500%? Why don't you do a million percent, right? Like, if, if that's the correlation, I mean, obviously because the tariffs aren't so great, and then let's just assume there, there's a pause on the tariffs with China and that that's viewed somehow as a deal and a win.

(1h 16m 12s):
Like, I just want everybody to think about like just the framework of the win for Trump. This is how much he's babied by Corporate news that it's viewed as a deal or a win when he slightly backpedals on a disastrous decision that he made. And whereas former President Biden has to be perfect with everything. And then even when he has 50 to 60% returns in the market to 16.2 million jobs, 40,000 infrastructure projects, record, low unemployment, energy independence, the most drilling ever, while focusing on climate change, bringing the semiconductor industry here to the United States. Even when you do all of that, that's, that's doing all of that's never strengthening nato.

(1h 16m 55s):
Two new nations joining nato, you know, you know, countering Putin's aggression. Like you can do all of that, but you are viewed negatively. And Donald Trump can do the most disastrous things for Corporate news and then slightly unwind a disastrous thing that he did. And then that's viewed as like, oh look, wow, he did a deal. He didn't do a deal. Stop it. He didn't do a deal with UK with, with all of these. 90 a trade deal takes three and a half years to negotiate a comprehensive trade deal. So the fact that Donald Trump ripped up the U-S-M-C-A, the United States, Mexico Canada agreement ripped up a deal he did with Japan, ripped up prior deals with the uk, ripped up a trading relationship with the European Union.

(1h 17m 40s):
I can go on and on and on, and then slightly adopts something that was part of a deal that was already in place. A deal that does not make, okay. Yeah, that's not called a deal. So the problem is the incentive structure, though I think that's in our media and in our financial system, which is completely backwards, which is when Donald Trump does backtrack on something a little bit after making everybody suffer, you know? And then he cuts the tariffs from, okay, instead of a hundred percent, it's 95%. When he does these little stupid moves, what happens? You get a quick stock market pump, right? You get the news making all these headlines that they made a deal like that whole machine turns on. And what Trump, I think is savvy enough to know through all of his bat of crazy moves is that he can manipulate the media easily.

(1h 18m 27s):
He can manipulate the stock market easily. He can manipulate all of his followers easily. All he has to do is do one little sort of thing and they go, oh my God, this is amazing. Oh my God, he didn't do anything. He's made things so much worse. Everything is still on. There is no deal. Let's get back to reality folks. I know that's what we're trying to do here at the Midas Touch Network. Ben, like you said at the Milken Institute in your speech, like, we just gotta look at these things and go, like, what we're watching right now is nuts. This is crazy. And we can never accept what we are looking at as normal. So stop being gaslighted, whether it's by the media, whether it's by billionaires, wall Street Tech, bros. Well, you, you name it. We all know what is going on.

(1h 19m 8s):
It is very obvious. Okay? It is very obvious. And that's why they are working overtime. And that's why these billionaires are working overtime to propagandize all day long to try to hide the simple facts from the public. Jordy, take it away bud. Shout out to the Midas

(1h 19m 44s):
Can't get enough Midas. Plus, check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.