
Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and as AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com cancel anytime terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Hey, prime members, are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes. Without the ads,


Donald Trump may be destroying our government, our economy. He may be taking away people's Medicaid. People are pissed. Democrats, Republicans, independents showing up at these town halls and letting the politicians know how livid they are at Elon Musk, getting access to their private data and destroying key federal government agencies. But folks, Donald Trump and Elon Musk are going on an adventure together. They're gonna search Fort Knox for some gold. Everybody it will be televised here, play this clip. We're actually going to Fort Knox to see if the gold is there 'cause maybe somebody stole the gold.


Tons of Gold for those listening on audio. You had Donald Trump seated in the Oval Office next to French president Emmanuel Macron, who's looking at Donald Trump like he's literally a crazy person, but a crazy evil person as well. French President Emmanuel Macron showed up to basically confront Donald Trump about everything that Trump is doing when it comes to attacking Europe and nato and Ukraine. Earlier in the day before that meeting took place, the United States officially joined I think the access of evil. You know what we used to be against? Yes, the United States joined Russia, North Korea, Belarus, and Hungary in opposing a resolution condemning Russia's aggression against Ukraine.


Yeah, not only not, not only did they oppose it, I mean they could have abstained. They opposed the resolution and they were in the group with North Korea, Russia, Belarus, and Hungary. How insulting can you get then Donald Trump in the Oval Office with French President Emmanuel Macron has asked, what's your rationale for siding with an access of evil against your allies? Here play this clip. Mr. The Now sir, in in The us. Yes, go ahead please. Can you Explain the rationale of having us vote against the UN resolution that Ukraine proposed and also the US Proposed? I would rather not explain it now, but it's sort of self-evident. I think I would rather not explain it.


It's rather self-evident. Is it self-evident because you support Vladimir Putin? That would seem to make some sense. And then Donald Trump tried to attack Europe and attack France in front of French President Emmanuel Macron. But Macron was ready and as Donald Trump spewed disinformation, I just want you to watch as Macron basically takes command and says, no, that's not true. Let me be very clear here and puts Trump in his place here watches. There Was a one to address Again, Just So you understand, Europe is loaning the money to Ukraine. They get their money back. Now, In fact, to be, to be frank, we paid, we paid 60% of the total default and it was through like the US loans guarantee grants and we, we provided real money.


To be clear, we have 230 billion frozen assets in Europe, Russian assets. But this is not as a collateral of a loan because this is not our belonging. So they are frozen. If at the end of the day in the negotiation we'll have with Russia, they're ready to give to give it to us, super. It'll be done at the end of the day and Russia would've paid for that If you believe That it's okay with me, Mr. President, if they get Their money back. But we don't. And now we do. But you know, that's Only fair. Yeah, you had French president, Emmanuel Macron basically putting Trump in his place and saying, you don't know what you are talking about. And 60% of the money came from us. Let's be very clear. Then later, Donald Trump held a press conference where he attacked what he said was a terrible deal with Mexico and Canada.


He says that's currently causing Mexico and Canada to take advantage of the United States because whoever negotiated this deal is a stupid person here. Watch what Donald Trump says. I mean, You know, who can blame them if they made these great deals with the United States, took advantage of the United States on, on manufacturing, on just about everything. Every aspect that you can imagine they took advantage of. I look at some of these agreements, I'd read 'em at night and I'd say, who would ever sign a thing like this? So the terrorists will go forward, yes. And we're gonna make up a lot of territory. We're gonna, all we want is reciprocal. We want reciprocity, we wanna have the same.


So if somebody charges us, we charge them. It's very simple, but it'll be very good for our country. Our country will be extremely liquid and rich. Again, Let me bring in my brothers Brett and Jordy to the Midas Touch podcast fellas who would make such a stupid deal. It's called the U-S-M-C-A. All I gotta say is you'd have to be like a complete idiot, right? Like just a total moron, mor moron idiot. Like whoever made that deal clearly Trump, Trump made it sound like that guy was a big fat idiot, is all I'm saying. A total idiot. The U-S-M-C-A United States, Mexico Canada agreement, who, who did make let them rob us blind like this?


I mean, who did? Who did that deal? Roll tape. It's my great honor to announce that we have successfully completed negotiations on a brand new deal to terminate and replace NAFTA and the NAFTA trade agreements with an incredible new US Mexico Canada agreement called us MCA sort of just works. MCA US MCA. Oh, that idiot got, got it, got it. You know, I said this in the last episode, Ben, and by the way, great to be with you guys. Great to be with everybody out there, everybody listening, and welcome to all of our new listeners.


You, you know, I said this to you last time, we can no longer think about the United States of America as being the good guys. And I said, I understand we definitely weren't the good guys a hundred percent of the time throughout history, but in many respects we could always at least look to that guiding star and say that America is trying to be the good guys in the world, is trying to fight for democracy, is trying to uphold our values at the very least. That that is the direction we are headed. Now, we have made a sharp turn to towards autocracy, towards authoritarianism and Europe right now knows that they cannot trust the United States to be a reliable ally, if an ally at all. And so I think that's why it's important that Emmanuel Macron thought that it was important to come and sit down next to Donald Trump just like that and instantly fact check and humiliate Donald Trump on these issues, putting forward the actual facts as to what is going on.


And that's why we're seeing these coalitions building across the u across the world right now that are against the United States. Essentially, the world is saying to the us, oh, you wanna be isolationists, you don't wanna have anything to do with the world order that has existed since the end of World War ii that has left the world in relative safety. You don't wanna be a part of this anymore. You don't wanna be a part of this. Guess what, we're gonna kick you out. You, we we're not gonna rely on you then we're gonna form our own version of NATO without you, I guess is what like the German, the, the likely new German chancellor was saying yesterday. We're not gonna, and we're gonna have To get used to a NATO list world. We're gonna have to make our own, you know, organizations, we're gonna have to figure out our own plan.


The United States is not going to be involved in it. If the US wants to hang with Kim Jong-Un or Vladimir Putin or whatever, do it. Do it. Do whatever you want. But the free world is going to stick up for the rest of the free world, whether the United States wants to be a part of it or not. And so we are seeing right now this resistance from overseas as well of all these world leaders getting together to actually push back and showing that by the way, you know, Europe, the use bigger than the United States, they have more people, they have more things they could actually push back if they remain united. And I think they are realizing that they actually have to in the wake of Donald Trump's actions, especially over these past few days. Jordy great to see you here. As always, what's new?


Well said b I'm excited To get into the show today. I just wanna say this and I'm really not being funny about that. Those first set of clips that we watched, these are ramblings of a person who, who needs to be 51 50. He, he's forgetting the deals that he's involved in and this is the person who has the nuclear codes. And then, let me just say this too, I don't wanna make this a corporate media thing. I know I say it a lot, but the media in the room with him, like, come on. When you ask the question about siding with the axis of evil over our allies and Trump says, you know what, I'd rather not explain it self-evident. And the reporters give zero pushback. Like just crickets. You are in that room. Like you have a responsibility to not fanboy over you being in that room.


You have a responsibility To get the truth. And if Trump truth social posts about you and gives you a mean nickname, really that's what you're scared about. Come on. You can't let him off the hook. The the funny thing is though, is that, so you know, one of the parts of Europe's strategy is they kind of send over like a babysitter to Trump, like literally just to distract him for like a few more days and then they, it's like then they pass the baton to like the next person. So it's like who gets the short straw, right? So today it was Emmanuel Macron and then later in the week you have Keir star or the prime minister of the uk. He shows up and they have to con, they realize that you have to like just sit there in front of him.


And Jordy to your point that he's got this malignant narcissism, he's so cognitively ad as well that the more you're just like in his face and you exhaust him and you wear him out and then you pass the baton to the next person because the more you're literally physically there, the less chance he does something stupid. That's like the new version of like mutually assured destruction. It's like babysitting Donald Trump so he doesn't commit mass destruction for the world, basically. And that's what, that's what they're doing right now. Because you know, you just let Donald Trump ramble and he just says, to your point, the most dangerous and crazy things, I mean it, it's clear you take a look at all of the polling data as well.


I mean Trump's approval is tanking and perhaps the only person less popular than Donald Trump are MAGA Republican congress members. And the only people less popular than them is Elon Musk. And folks, I'm not talking about amongst Democrats or Republicans or Inde, I'm just talking about Americans in general are looking at what's going on and they're like disgusted. They're like, what you, you're giving our private data to y to Elon Musk and you're supporting it based on some weirdo ex memes.


Like we live in the real world. What are you even talking about? MAGA Republican congress members get this guy to go before Congress, do your oversight job and get us answers. What the hell is going on? You're giving our medical records, our social security information, our tax information over to Elon Musk in a group of 19 to 25-year-old guys. He leads who call themselves big balls and who do them all of these. And they do 'em all of these other things. And then Donald Trump goes up on stage and he says that Elon's a very caring person. I think that we gotta use the word caring when we refer to Elon here. Let's watch this.


Tremendous fraud, tremendous waste. And, and when you think of what it is, you know, Elon uses an expression caring. If we had people that cared, just cared a little bit when they did contracts, when they negotiated with outside vendors for on behalf of the United States. That's what I'm doing now. I'm negotiating for the people of the United States. So we're doing a great job of it. I will say we found it'll be hundreds of billions of dollars of, of waste and fraud and abuse. Okay, that's a hundred percent false. And then just by the way, If you are finding these things then why is it that the MAGA Republican Congress members refuse to let Elon testify before Congress?


It all happens on this weirdo social media app called X. Now what, what, what are we talking about? Donald Trump posts. Elon is doing a great job, but I would like to see him get more aggressive. Remember we have a country to save, but ultimately to make greater than ever before MAGA exclamation point. And then Donald, then Elon Musk responds to Donald Trump, we'll do Mr. President. And then he then sends that weird directive he sent over the weekend to federal employees consistent with President Donald Trump's instructions. All federal employees will shortly receive an email requesting to understand what they got done last week.


Failure to respond will be taken as a resignation. I mean it's not just that they're firing these federal workers, which rips people of their dignity, but it's also the dehumanization as well. Just treating human beings like absolute trash who are working on very important jobs within our government that help us. And almost disproportionately too, we're talking about veterans who they are firing. 'cause a lot of veterans work in the federal government, these spouses of veterans. And because our armed forces people move place to place, the spouses of people in our armed forces are often considered probationary employees since they get new jobs in different states.


But they've worked in the federal government and amassed years of expertise like their disproportionately getting fired. Disabled veterans and just hardworking people in general are getting fired. And then they're being told that they're being fired for cause for their job performance. When their job performance met or exceeded expectations or they never even got a job review to begin with. So then it prevents them from even getting unemployment. And so they're just ripping people's jobs, they're throwing people on the street. And the payroll in the federal government is really only a very small portion of the overall budget.


I mean the majority of it is for social security and Medicare and other services like that. So they're like coming in here Brett and Jordy with this sledgehammer, like they're these, you know, like a hostile takeover. And that, by the way, shout out to that song by the way, that's going viral. The hostile takeover song. It's, it's like a hostile corporate government takeover, which what they're doing analogous to what they would do like in these businesses where they rip the guts out. But this is, these are, this is our government, this is how, this is how we stay safe. Yeah, it reminds me of when a, a corporation does like stock buybacks and then ends up laying off a whole bunch of employees. That's kind of exactly what we're seeing.


But in the government, and that's why, you know, I know people have often said stuff like, you know, the government should be run by like a business and Donald Trump's a businessman. Well, no, it actually shouldn't. There are reasons that it's not. And these are all vital jobs to keeping our country going. And when you get rid of these jobs, you are not really doing anything to the budget whatsoever. It's probably costing more for just those to exist. Then also think about all the litigation that's gonna come from this, and we'll get into some of the litigation later in the show. But these lawsuits are going to end up costing the government lots of money. And I'm willing to bet that the lawsuits from these employees who have been illegally fired, it's actually going to cost the US government substantially more than these mass layoffs. Plus there's of course the economic effect of taking away people's livelihoods who are then injecting that money into the economy, supporting their families, sending their kids to good schools.


You're ripping people's lives away from them in the cruelest way imaginable. And you are treating them like dirt. And the way they are treating these people is just absolutely appalling to me. But the thing that gives me a little bit of hope right now is I'm looking around the whole country, even in these red districts and I am seeing people speaking out. I am seeing people who are already fed up. You know, I saw James Carville the other day. He said, you know what, the Trump administration is already collapsing and he predicted like a full on collapse within 30 days, right? I agree with him that the Trump administration is collapsing when you look at these poll numbers, it's absolutely devastating for Trump and he's taking down the Republican party with them. And I think we are going to see massive ripple effects from all of this because these Republicans, they live on their Babbel on Twitter or X or whatever.


They're constantly reaffirm these shitty things and that, and they treat these people like crap. These hardworking Americans in the federal government, they treat them like crap and they either forget or are too dumb to realize that many of these federal workers don't actually work in DC but they work in their own districts, they work in their backyards, they are actually their supporters. So we are now seeing these Republicans and these independents rising up and they are demanding action. They are demanding that their representatives uphold their oath and these representatives have been kind of shocked by it and they've been giving the worst answers, by the way, just lying gaslighting. But here, here's gonna be my challenge to everybody out there.


We know that these were representatives. One of the reasons that they are so subservient to Donald Trump is that they are afraid of Donald Trump's supporters. I think we need to make these representatives afraid of us. I think that's going to be crucial to making change in this country. I think that it involves peacefully protesting. I think that means peacefully showing up to these rallies and doing exactly what these patriotic Americans are doing in all of these various town halls standing up to people. But you need to make these people not feel safe. They need, they should be scared of you every time they step into that town hall that you are going to challenge them. They should be scared of you that you are going to take to the streets and peacefully protest them if they are going to strip away your rights, your livelihood, their job.


And I think that's gonna be the key more than anything to bring putting our country on the right track. Look, these Jordy No, I was gonna say absolutely be the energy's palpable right now from people and it's important that we keep the momentum up. I just wanted to say this too, the the, the Trump is a businessman thing. I mean it just gets me every time I hear it. This guy's not a, okay, fine, I'll give you that. He was literally a businessman. But voters who came out on that issue saying, you know what, now Trump's gonna be good for the economy. He's a businessman that is gaslighting 1 0 1. I almost find it less offensive when it's the folks who would tell me like, no, I support Trump for X, y, z. Horrible issue. But but are you kidding me that he's a businessman?


That is absurd. This aligning themselves with Elon Musk too continues to just be outrageously offensive to every American because why? Why would we allow an oligarch like an Elon Musk to field questions in the Oval Office and let him continue to operate the the sham, whatever you want to call it, do Doge commit. It is so bizarre what's happening right now, and you as the viewer, none of this is normal. Don't, don't be gaslit by the media into thinking that any of this is normal. It ain't Ben. Yeah. You know, they're justification. These MAGA Republicans is, they go, aren't billionaires, the most trustworthy people, they're, this is what they really argue, which is ridiculous.


They go, billionaires are so rich that why would they do anything negative to you? Like they're the most trustworthy people out there, you know, billionaires, the heart of gold. And then when they say, well they're searching for that heart of gold apparently in Fort Knox, they're looking for all those parts of that. That's what's stored in Fort Knox apparently. And then people are like, what the hell are you talking about? And maybe that's what gets promoted on all of these right wing rage algorithms. But in the real world, MAGA people are on Medicaid too, right? They're on the Affordable Care Act, they rely on federal programs, you know, their special needs kids rely on federal government programs and then they find out that, oh, that's included.


And when you're using DEI, you're coming after my kids also, when you use that term, you're coming after all of these other programs, you're gutting. Oh, when we were cheering to gut the Department of Education, what we really meant is we were getting rid of the services that we rely on like lunches for what are like what are you all doing? All of a sudden? And it's like we tried to tell you that. Like what do you think we meant when we were saying this is what project 2025 says. Let me just give you a few examples. This is in Missouri, this is MAGA republican congress member Mark Alford, where he was confronted by constituents who were asking him questions. He was doing the usual gaslighting and then people were literally booing him. Here play this clip you talk About, but there were still 17 dead and 17 entered.


I think we need to provide, we've got, I am willing to invest more money in mental health care. We have got, I go, I go to several hospitals on this. Do you think we have gotta invest more money in healthcare? I have said on, it's on my website, social security, Medicare, more gun control in America we need more. So if you need help people with mental health, that is going to go a long way. What's your plan to do that? People are like, what? What's your plan? You're gonna cut Medicare, you're gonna cut Medicaid. I want you to watch this. This is, by the way, I wanna emphasize this is a crowded, that was a crowd in Missouri and the young girl had asked a question about guns and that was the reaction that he got.


These people think their beliefs are far more popular than they are, than they get out of their Babbel. And that's the kind of reaction they got. I watched like a full hour of that, that town hall today. The guy got booed the entire time. Ruthlessly and, and a smart crowd too. Smart audiences. 'cause when he would say that Elon did all this waste, fraud and abuse, they would say, well gimme an example. And he wouldn't be able to give an example. And they go, well if he actually, If you actually believe that we should be routing out waste, fraud and abuse like I do, this is what the people would say like I do and I'm a registered Republican, they would say, then why would you get rid of the inspector's general? Why would you get rid of the people at all these offices whose job it was to target waste, fraud and abuse?


And why are you letting this unelected, oligarch, billionaire, Elon Musk, why are you putting this guy in charge of my personal information and they have no response. So we'll go, we'll go through the rest. But I mean it's right, but right, but real, real quick. But these talking points, they work so well on X. He got 10,000 retweets on that talking point. He thought that was a home run. He got booed. Exactly. Didn't didn't have an answer. No. Hmm. Interesting. They, they thought they were going to show up and because Elon's rage algorithm told them that this is what gets likes, they literally thought people would buy the crap that they were selling. Oh, we found all of the Hamas condoms, everybody. We found the condoms in Hamas. And people are like, what the hell are you talking about?


Why are you taking away my Medicaid? Why are you gutting these agencies? Why can't I go to a national park anymore? Because people are being like fired. Why are you giving our tax records over to Elon Musk? I mean, don't you know that there's conflicts of interest here? Why don't you force Elon Musk to testify? Why are you, why are you like hiding him? Like this is a government, what are you doing? You're supposed to be a member of Congress. Are you that pathetic that you're letting Elon Musk do all of your jobs? That's what people are saying. I wanna show more of these town halls and we'll get into some Ruby Red districts as well, like the one we're showing there and and others. We'll go to Oklahoma, I'll show you Georgia seventh.


We'll go around the country so you can see the mode and the mood rather that's taken place in this country. Let's take our first quick break of the show. I wanna remind everybody about our substack, which is midas plus.com. Check that out. Our editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski does a great job curating that@midasplus.com. Also, we had a great meetup with everybody last week at patreon.com/midas touch. It was so great to see a lot of familiar faces and a lot of new faces. Check that out and make sure you're subscribed on both audio as well as YouTube. And we're the number one podcast right now on Apple and on Spotify in the US and in Canada right now.


Thanks to all of you. So please make sure you subscribe. We'll be right back after our first quick break.


You know you're officially an adult when you care about the quality of your garbage bags. This podcast is sponsored by Rubbish. You take out the trash 8,000 times in your life. Rubbish makes the best garbage bags on the planet that make trash day way better. Now, what makes Rubbish garbage so great? A few things. First, they have a new funny saying on the bags in every box. So trash day is less painful and more enjoyable. There's a reminder at the end of each roll so you know it's time To get more garbage bags before it's too late. And my personal favorite, they're compostable non-toxic and PFA s free and they donate 10% of their bags to charity. Oh, and I almost forgot, the bags are strong so they can handle whatever you throw in them. Now Rubbish was founded with the goal of solving all of your garbage related problems. They notice that the big guys were just churning out boring run of the mill garbage bags. So they decided to make something better. Now I love Rubbish. The funny sayings on the bags are definitely great, but what sold it for me was the emphasis on the environment. You know, between my wife and our newborn, we're throwing out a lot of trash. So I feel much better about how I'm getting rid of my waste using Rubbish. So you can either pay $20 a month for a streaming service that you don't watch or pay way less than $20 a month for hilarious jokes on garbage bags. When you think about it like that, the choice is pretty easy. You deserve the best garbage bags money can buy. So Rubbish created them. Rubbish is running a 30% off sale, but you can get an extra 5% by going to Rubbish home.com and using Code Midas, that's an extra 5% off for a total of 35% off your order. If you go to Rubbish home.com and use R Code Midas.


Okay, real talk. I love food, but I do not love meal planning. Every week I do my best, but often reality hits work, errands, exhaustion, suddenly I'm eating leftovers for dinner again. But then I found Marley Spoon and I, I'm officially a meal prep person. I could announce it right now, not because I suddenly got my life together, but because Marley Spoon did it for me. This podcast is sponsored by Marley Spoon and I'm genuinely excited about it because it's helping me fast track my way to eating well without all that stress. And our code, Midas MEIDAS, you could get up to 27 free meals. Here's what I love, Marley Spoon gives you over a hundred recipes to choose from. Every week we're talking everything cozy comfort food, like big batch beef stroganoff to lighter dishes like salmon and creamy mustard, deal sauce, tray bake. There's literally something for every single mood. And my absolute favorite recently, their beef noodle soup with bok choy. I made it last night. I had that moment where I just stared at my plate like, damn, I'm good. It looked incredible, smelled amazing, and more importantly, tasted like something out of a restaurant. And the best part, Marley Spoon just launched their new 15 minute Express recipes. Yep, dinner in 15 minutes. So even on nights when I'm feeling extra lazy, I have zero excuses. This new year fast track your way to eating well with Marley Spoon. Head to Marley Spoon dot com slash offer slash Midas and use that code Midas For up to 27 free meals. You heard me right up to 27 free meals with Marley Spoon one last time. That's Marley Spoon dot com slash offer slash midas For up to 27 free meals. And make sure you use our promo code Midas MEIDAS so they know that I sent you. Let's go.


Shout out to our sponsors links in description of YouTube and audio. Use the links, use the codes, let them know we sent you Rubbish. Brand new sponsor to the pod. Big fans of theirs, definitely check them out. And Marley Spoon, y'all know they're coming back. They're great. Use the links, use the codes. It's good stuff. Benji, I would say objectively this was probably the worst month in presidential history and I think the data bears that out as well. If we have some of those polls, you'll see that literally on every issue that Donald Trump's been pushing, Americans are absolutely pissed. And when you look at just a generic, would you rather see the next Congress controlled by Democrats or Republicans? It's 54% to 41% in favor of Democrats.


That's the latest Ipsos poll. When voters are asked to describe the nation's economy, you have 52% say not so good. 21% say poor so close to about 80% of Americans believe the economy right now is bad. And by the way, If you looked at those economic numbers, despite the fact that people would always attack former President Biden, consumer confidence started to soar again. Towards the end of former President Biden's term, the Wall Street Journal described how the United States economy was the envy of the world. Lots of newspapers were talking about how Biden was handing over a Goldilocks economy to Donald Trump.


16.4 million jobs were created by former President Biden. There were 40,000 infrastructure projects that were being funded and taking place across the country. You had the CHIPS act that brought the semiconductor industry here to the United States. You had Biden respecting our veterans, pushing forward the Pact Act to make sure that our veterans got the best healthcare, especially veterans as well, who were exposed to toxic burn pits despite Republicans trying to block that. You had the American Recovery Act. You never had a month where jobs were lost. You had GDP growth that was soaring under former President Biden.


America's economy was growing faster than China. It really was the envy of the world in terms of the economy. And inflation was going down. There was an expectation that inflation would hit 2%, which is the level the Federal Reserve wanted. Interest rates were being cut. And I just say all of those things to remind you that things were headed in the right direction. And If you want to go back to what causes inflation, let me just be very clear, it's kind of like what causes the fire. You know, there has to be kind of an ignition that takes place. And what it was was that Donald Trump's first administration, he added $8 trillion of debt.


Let me repeat that. $8 trillion of debt. And that's what caused inflation. And by the way, you can go, oh well this is the Midas touch. I hear when people talk about you, when they say that you're doing better than Rogan, they call you the the Trump Hating Podcast. So how do I believe you? Well, I want you to go and look at what Nikki Haley and Ron DeSantis both said during the Republican primary debates that Donald Trump was too scared to show up to. 'cause both of them talked about how Trump added $8 trillion in debt and that's what was the cause of inflation. And that it was the spending habits of Republicans during the first Trump administration. So when you look at this new budget that Republicans are talking about when they talk about cutting trillions to Medicaid, but then giving trillions in tax cuts to the billionaires, they are right wing, conservative economic think tanks that are saying that could add $25 trillion, $25 trillion, not just the 8 trillion that Trump caused the first $25 trillion in debt this time.


And I think it's going to be even more than than that quite frankly. So you have objectively Donald Trump taking that Goldilocks and turning it into even worse than kind of very cold stew at this point. And Americans are livid. And what Donald Trump is doing is he, 'cause he's comparing things now to how great they are, like a great golf game. He goes, this is how he's trying to like communicate to the American people. He's like, this was so good. You know what it's like, it's like a great golf game When you have those, when you really do well on those first holes here, watch this to Stick together for, because what we've done has never been done before.


Nobody's ever seen anything like this and nobody's ever seen four weeks like we've had, especially the four weeks, the first four weeks. You know, that's like If you golf, when you sink that first four footer in the first hole, it gives you confidence on the next show, you sink another one. Now you go into that third hole and you can't, and by the time you get to the fifth hole you feel you can't miss, right? Like a baseball player. He gets up and he hits our first one and then the second at Batty hits that one. He said that at the CPAC convention, which is like this MAGA event at this point, it's run by a guy named Match Flap who's now been accused like multiple times of like grabbing Republican men genitals.


Like he was sued for it, you know, once. And they had to like resolve that lawsuit. I think there were recent allegations that emerged. Again, that's who runs C cpac, sch slapp. That's where Donald Trump was describing how his first month was like a great game of golf. Like what, what are you talking about? As you cause this devastation, you're, you're comparing it to golf and I kid you not, this is what the press room looked like today. They have signs in the back of the press room that say this is from the official White House account. They say victory, it says victory. And then on the poster boards behind the podium it says, victory Gulf of America, victory Gulf of America.


And it shows the Gulf of Mexico and they're calling it the Gulf of America and they're declaring victory right now. I just want you to think about that as so many Americans are now suffering victory, Brad Jordy, they have so misread, I'll say their quote unquote mandate that they think they had because they never had a mandate to begin with. Under 50% of the country actually ended up voting for Donald Trump. There never was a mandate. They acted like they got like 70% of the vote and they pushed forward some of the most dangerous damaging policies. And not only just major changes, but changes that uniquely affect people's personal lives.


Like if you're gonna position yourself as the party of small government, as the part of the party of we're gonna leave you alone, let you live your life, and then all of a sudden you are literally the guy responsible for somebody's mom or dad losing their job or someone's brother or sister losing their job or all the crap that we are seeing losing their healthcare, whatever it is, then this gets real personal, real fast for folks. And that's what's happening. I think they've so overextended what they think they've had. I think the people are already turning on them. I mean, we showed that poll before the approval for Elon Musk's actions was in the twenties in that it was like 26% or something like that. That means that it's even digging into the MAGA people are and liking what they are seeing, which is absolutely astonishing.


Do you know how bad you have to be to have in the twenties approval for what you were doing now? I think it's important that people link a little bit, that what Elon is doing is what Trump is doing. And I think, you know, you got, we gotta be putting two and two together there, but we are seeing this outrage at all these town halls of people who are already fed up with what is going on. I think when Trump doubles down on this sort of rhetoric, I think when they continue to insult hardworking Americans, federal employees, veterans, I think when they continue to take actions and tell Elon to be more aggressive with the 26% approval rating, I think this is all, this house of cards is going to continue to come crumbling down. People are going to be outraged as they are now, but to next levels, the anger is gonna increase.


You already feel it in the streets. You already feel it in these town halls. And I, I don't think they understand exactly what they're doing because I think they're, they brainwashed themselves with these algorithms as well. But like they're in for a rude awakening right now. I'm, I'm telling you right now, at the risk of being made fun of by you two, did I, what, what were they declaring victory over? Did I miss something? I I'm not being think that they the Gulf of America. I don't know. I guess, I guess that's it here. Here's the thing, Jordy, they pick these dumb ass things like Gulf of America, right? They pick gold at Fort Knox. They do things that are just idiotic distractions, like kind of dangling the keys, as I've said in in the movie up, you know, or squirrel, right?


They, they wanna divert people's attention to some place to try to make them forget that they are robbing them blind, that they are taking away their jobs. But this is a, it's just too personal for people where that crap isn't working anymore. It may work during a campaign, but it doesn't work when a reality hits. And they tried this strategy once before. When did they try it? They tried it during the COVID-19 pandemic. They tried to tell everybody everything was okay. It's the, the numbers are gonna go down to zero. We're all cool, we're all chill here, everything's fine. But guess what? Eventually reality catches up to their bullshit. And we're seeing that happen right now. Reality is catching up quick, very quick to what they are doing. And so those are the distractions, right?


The, the reaming of the place, the, the Fort Knox, I mean Fort Knox is audited like every, every year. It's like a ridiculous, what is he national treasure? Is he Nicholas Cage now going to find the gold? It's just like he plays into people's kind of lizard conspiratorial brains. And then while he gets them distracted with is there're gonna be gold and the vault when I open up the vault while he has, maybe I'll give you some gold. Yeah, maybe If you do gimme some money, maybe I'll give you some gold. And Meanwhile he's screwing people. But, but you know, we're seeing people rise up and like I said before, make these people scared. Make them scared everywhere they go with the facts, with the truth peacefully, but make them afraid of your voice the same way that they are afraid of MAGA people.


You know, the new thing that they're dangling in front of people, because this is a Ponzi scheme administration, I'm sure you saw it, are those Doge rebates. Like, don't worry, when Elon finds it, we're gonna give you some money from it. We, the Doge rebates where Elon's basically saying, you know, when we actually find all this money, when we, when we uncover all the fraud, waste and abuse, guess what's gonna happen folks? We're gonna give you checks of up to $5,000 the Doge rebates. So he's just dangling them. Like, maybe when we find you some money, we'll give you, we'll, we'll we'll give you a handout. We can give you some money. I mean, first and foremost it's such an obvious con. Number one, it's such an obvious scam.


Number two, even if they did that, it would cause inflation to skyrocket and it would absolutely tank the markets. And so also what's their plan to, they're gonna tank our economy to then try to give people recovery checks after tanking the economy and then keep people in that type of cycle. That's what conservative means right now. And I just think people aren't buying this crap anymore. I mean, take a look at this MAGA Republican congress member Fitzgerald, this is at his town hall that he had where he got a rude awakening as well. Let's play it. When will you stand up to them and say, that is enough, The end result of the fraud and abuse that has been discovered already.


No evidence, No proof. Yeah, that played so well. That played that talking point played so well over acts, it got 17,000 bajillion views. What do you mean people were mad about that? That's not what my ex algorithm said. I want you to watch, I want you to watch this one here. This is a constituent calling into MAGA Republican, Congresswoman B, she's from Oklahoma. Watch this Republican constituent call into the MAGA Republican congresswoman vice. Let's play it. I'm a registered Republican voter and retired active army officer. How can you tell me that Doge with some college whiz kids from a computer terminal in Washington DC without even getting out into the field after about a week or maybe two has determined that it's okay to cut veterans benefits.


I think a couple things. Let me give you an example. Did you know that the VA was in charge of payments for illegals? For, for housing? Basically the va? No. I'd like, I'd like for you to send that, send me, could you send that me that reference so I could research that? Because no, I'm not aware of that. And I would tell you that that's a red herring, a false flag. If you're throwing that kind of political stuff up, trying to cut veterans benefits, that's very alarming to me. Now let's go to the Ruby Red Congressional District of MAGA Republican Rich McCormick in Georgia. Ruby Red here. Let's play this clip.


I'll pause whenever you want and you can go and yell all you want. But What you congressmen and your fellow congressmen are going to do to reign in the megalomaniac in the White House. I remember having the same discussion with Republicans when Biden was elected. The funny thing is, you're sitting here and com, a lot of you would probably say those January sixes who are yelling just as loud as you, who are upset just like you. Hey, hey, let's restore some order. So yelling, screaming out. So yelling at me is not gonna get any answer.


Okay, Show. I've seen Game of Thrones too. Thank you. Let's go ahead and move on because what If you wanna, if you're not gonna listen, if you're not gonna listen to the answer, we might as well not discuss it, right? The REINS act, which reigns in executive power for both parties, whoever's in party. I don't wanna see the president make all the decisions. I don't, I didn't wanna see. How do you feel About, do you not want to hear that? I just said I, I answered it directly. I said, I don't wanna see any president be too powerful About it. I look, I'm the one saying let's work together and you're the one screaming at me.


Okay, let's be fair. I'm telling you how you solved this and you're saying, no, we don't want to hear that. I mean, the level of gaslighting and arrogance is just through the roof. And now you're seeing all these MAGA Republican Congress members canceling their town halls. They don't want to be a part of it. They don't want to hear from their constituents. And you know, the people are letting them know what's going on. I mean, and, and again, that gives me hope as well. So you have that taking place. And then you also have like what's going on in in Russia right now where Russian state regime media, which is basically the equivalent of, you know, our fox at this point is basically state regime media.


They're out there basically saying we couldn't asked for anything better. We've got America in total alignment with Putin got, Trump and Putin have formed an alliance together here. This is what they're saying all over Russian State tv. Trump appreciate When Trump is answering questions about the press conference. I think it is not a coincidence that many of the narratives that are being voiced largely materialized after their conversation. The phrases he's saying are so deep and so correct, they are in total alignment with, with the way we see things. Okay? So then Fox has to like justify it. So then Fox is in damage control mode.


And so at this point at Fox, like If you look at some of the hosts, right? You have like Lara Trump, like who ran the RNC? Donald Trump's daughter-in-law. You have Kaylee McEnany, who was Donald Trump's former press secretary, right? The former Fox host, Pete Hegseth is now running the Department of Defense with like literally zero experience. And by the way, firing the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of staff via a Donald Trump social media post. I mean General CQ Brown, the highly qualified chairman of the joint Chiefs of staff gets fired in a social media post basically in the past few days. And then they bring in a guy who has To get an exemption because he has no qualify, he did not have the qualifications to be the chairman of the joint Chiefs of staff.


So firing the highly qualified black chairman of the joint chiefs of staff bring in an unqualified white guy fired by Pete Heif. And people get what's going on? This Fox host, like, what the hell is going on is now the defense secretary firing general CQ Brown. Like, what the heck? So then Kaylee McEnany on Fox, this is the message that they're pushing folks you don't know Trump's a good deal maker and it's all part of four dimensional chess that you're seeing and it's a strategy. What you gotta do is you suck up to the dictator, you soften them, and then that's how you show strength, right? Because everybody knows a tough negotiator tries to look really weak. That's like negotiating 1 0 1 right here, play the, play the clip.


There Might be some strategy to that. I, I do think there's a quote method to the madness Yep. Of, you know, buttering up a dictator who very much enjoys that to then find some sort of deal that is friendlier on your terms than maybe it would've Been. Yes, seriously. Sometimes you just like look at those clips and you're like, it does give me hope though that I think people now are looking at this and it's making them extra angry when they just see how ridiculous it is. Brett, I want To get your take on it. Jordy, I want To get your take on it. We gotta take our last quick break of the show. I wanna remind everybody to subscribe on both audio and to our YouTube channel. So our YouTube listeners subscribe to the audio podcast currently, number one on Apple and Spotify and both the US and in Canada, beating Joe Rogan and all those Rightwing podcasts as well.


Thanks to all of you, the Midas mighty and subscribe on our YouTube channel, our YouTube channel today beating Fox, the N-B-A-S-P-N-A-B-C. And that's all thanks to you, the Midas mighty. Check out midas plus.com where our editor in chief Ron Popowski writes some great pieces there. And also patreon.com/midas touch where you get to meet me, Brett and Jordy, when we hold our monthly meetings. Let's take our last break of the


show. Did you know that the liver is the second largest organ in your body? It's responsible for over 500 functions in your body, but for some reason, liver health doesn't always get the attention that it deserves. Dose for your liver was formulated to cleanse your liver of unwanted elements, a digestion, and maintain your body's filter. Why does this matter? Well, your liver is the second largest organ in your body and is responsible for over 500 functions in your body. It acts as your body's filter flushing out unwanted elements and breaking down what you consume into essential nutrients. The liver produces and regulates cholesterol stores vitamins and minerals and impacts digestive and metabolic health amongst many other things. Doses science backed formula promotes liver function aids, digestion, eases bloating, and even boosts energy levels. Clinical results in a double blind placebo controlled clinical trial dose for your liver. Lowered liver enzyme levels by 50% in over 86% of participants stick with dose and feel the incredible benefits over time with more energy, better digestion, reduce bloating, healthier liver enzyme function, reduction of brain fog, and better sleep. One dose for your liver shot is equivalent to 17 shots of turmeric. Juice dose is gluten-free, dairy-free, sugar-free and vegan. Save 30% on your first month of subscription by going to dosedaily dot co slash midas or entering Midas at checkout. That's do OS E-D-A-I-L y.co/midas for 30% off your first month's subscription


Ever Walk into a store and just stare at the wall of wine like it's some kind of cryptic puzzle. Yeah, same. That's why I stopped wasting time guessing and started getting my wine from Naked Wines where the best independent winemakers deliver right to my door. This podcast is sponsored by Naked Wines. It's 2025. Do you still shop for wine like it's 2005? Well, time to upgrade Naked Wines connects you directly to world class independent winemakers, so you can get award-winning bottles delivered straight to your door without the massive retail markup. I recently enjoyed a bottle of the Matt Parish Napa Valley Cabernet, and let me tell you, it was incredible. I love cracking open a bottle, putting my phone away, and actually enjoying the moment with friends and family. Here's how it works. Naked Wines cuts out the middleman letting wine makers pass the savings onto you. So you get top tier wine at up to 60% off store prices, no gimmicks, no memberships, just amazing wine. And If you need to pause or cancel, it's super easy. Now is the time to join the Naked Wines community. Head to Naked Wines dot com slash midas, click enter voucher and put in MyCode Midas. That's MEIDAS for both the code and password To get six bottles of wine for just 39 99 with shipping included. That's $100 off your first six bottles. That's Naked Wines dot com slash midas and use code Midas for both the code and password and get six bottles for just 39 99. Cheers.


Let's go. Shout out to our sponsors links in description of audio and YouTube. Click the links, use the codes, let them know we sent you dose. Amazing Naked Wines. Amazing. Check 'em both out. Benji, where to next? Well, let me show you what was posted from a now official government account. This is from the Department of Defense rapid response account where question was asked to defense secretary Pete Hegseth about why he selected an unqualified retired Lieutenant General to replace the general chairman of the Joint Chiefs of staff, CQ Brown. This is what they posted. So this isn't like, this is what they think makes him look good.


If we have, do we have that clip rep to play, judge Mr. Second, why did you select an underqualified retired Lieutenant General to be the next chairman of the Joint chief of Stafford? Given that I'm gonna, I'm Gonna choose to reject your unqualified Que, I'm going to choose to reject your unqualified question. I mean, these are just a bunch of clowns. Like these are a bunch of real pathetic people. Whether it's Kaylee McAneny's response, trying to act like this is four dimensional chess, whether it's Pete Hegseth saying, I'm going to reject your unqualified question. That's the response of someone who is very unqualified, who is not confident in their job and who behaves like, like, like fifth grade. No, no offense to fifth grade petulant bullies, but like who behaves like that as a grownup, as a leader, yet alone, the leader of the defense department.


What was that? What wanna offend those fifth grade petulant bullies? Definitely. Definitely not a segment of our audience that you would want to offend. So I'm glad you cleared that up. Yeah, you definitely not. Please, please leave. Leave them alone, Ben. You know, the reporter responded to that Pete Hegseth clip that from the Department of Defense rapid response account. So silly that they have all these accounts, but whatever. I'll get to that in a second. But he wrote the following, to be clear, I asked why he selected a, a quote, underqualified nominee, Dan Kain does not meet the legal requirements to be chairman and would need a waiver. Kain is a retired three star and will need to be brought back to service and then promoted in order To get the job. So that was the actual question that the reporter was getting at.


They tried to do some sort of sick burn To get back to him. Didn't answer the question because what they're doing is indefensible. But I think their whole strategy as we see it, is that they view reality as malleable. This has been the Donald Trump thing from back in 2016. Then before they view reality as just something that's an inconvenient thing. That's in the way that we could change. We could mold public opinion, which is why they put such a emphasis on the propaganda and they view their propaganda as more important than the actual actions that they are taking. So the actual actions that they are taking are dangerous, they're incompetent. They are ruining people's lives. They could likely throw the country into a recession. We're probably gonna see some dramatic job losses on future job reports.


There's going to be mass unrest. We're already seeing prices skyrocketing. We're seeing all these horrible things, all these horrible things happening. But they think as long as we could control the narrative, especially online, we can control the populace, which is why they have all of these various accounts, rapid response for every department and why they treat 'em like they are a MAGA influencer. By the way, I wouldn't even be shocked if they put one of those MAGA influencers in charge of these accounts, but they've really, they've given away the game in recent weeks, especially when you had Jesse Waters go the other day. I mean, he, he was like, it's what? It's an asymmetrical war. You know, we, we get it on Twitter, Elon boosts it, then we do talk about it on Fox, then it's in the paper the next day. Bottom Bing. By the time they even catch up to it, guess what happens?


That we're we're already onto the next one. Like he admitted that on the air. That's, that, that's the strategy that we've been telling you guys that they've been doing. But Jesse Waters just said it out loud that that is their strategy. The White House is employing the same strategy here, and we're gonna see this over and over again, just lies. That's why I'm urging you all do not take White House comments, official White House statements as the truth. If they say, Zelensky agreed to X, y, and Z, don't believe it. If they say, we just got a deal in this place, do not believe anything you see unless you see it reported independently outside of them, unless you have confirmation from the other sides. Because this whole, this whole operation, this whole house of cards relies on these propaganda platforms, which is why Elon Musk was willing to spend the amount of money he spent on Twitter, because they know that that is their one trick pony in order to, to have success here.


And by success they may, I mean, by controlling the people and pushing forward their horrific agenda. And so, you know, I'm happy though that, that we're breaking through the propaganda right now. We're breaking through the propaganda here with this network, reaching more people. We're breaking through the propaganda by seeing people take to these town halls, take to these protests. And we're gonna have to see more of it. People are gonna have to be talking, people are gonna have to be spreading the word, and it's gonna have To get personal for people. And people are gonna have to share their personal stories. You know, somebody asked me the other day, you know, on, on, on like a TikTok live that I was doing, they said, but I don't have like followers. So like, if I went to a town hall and it spoke, you know, talk to my representative, no one's gonna see it. I said, well, send, send it to me.


You know, and I, and I want everybody to know that we got your back here at the Midas Touch Network. We wanna be uplifting your voices. So if you go to one of these town halls and peacefully push back at your representative, we wanna be the ones who help you get that out to the masses. And we need everybody in this community. Anytime you see these stories of, of resistance out there to spread these stories, to show that there are people out there all across the country who are not okay with it, despite what social media wants to feed you. 1000 and Ike, you know what other, you know, another thing here, you could tell how and when Trump and his MAGA cabinet don't want to answer a question by how ridiculous and bully like they come when a reporter is close to, to figuring out the truth, you know, and, and really getting to that sensitive subject.


That's that reflex that we see from Hegseth there just acting like a total lunatic. Like who, who behaves like that in any setting, let alone the setting that he was in. Just there. I mean, truly bizarre. And the same thing with Trump earlier. I'd rather not, I'd rather not answer that question. Well, too bad answer it and defend it, answer it. There's a lot of litigation with the Trump administration that we've been covering here on the Midas Touch Network. I think one of the most interesting ones that's probably not getting enough coverage is what's taking place with that guy Hampton Diller, who leads the Office of the Special Counsel. And that is the agency that's responsible for investigating illegal actions taken against federal employees.


So the Trump administration tried to fire this Hampton Dillinger and Hampton Dillinger sued to make sure that he does not get fired. There was a temporary restraining order preventing the Trump administration from firing Hampton Dillinger. The Trump administration took that case up to the Supreme Court as fast as they could, and a lot of people were probably like, why is that one, what's it about that special counsel department that's getting so much attention in what's happening behind the scenes there? Well, we now know what's happening. So the Supreme Court made a ruling that basically said, you can't, we're not going to overturn the ruling from the district court that you can't fire this guy Hampton Dillinger yet.


And so that's going to expire soon, I think in the next two days or so. This district court order expires, and then there's gonna be a more fulsome hearing on the termination. But in the meantime, Hampton Dillinger dropped an absolute bombshell, and this is what the Trump administration was terrified about. So Hampton Dillinger, who runs the Office of Special Counsel, issued a report basically saying all of the terminations of these probationary employees is almost certainly illegal. Now, what the special counsel's office focused on was six specific cases, but in their finding, they extrapolated basically the way you would almost view like a class action lawsuit.


That all of these similarly situated people, all of these probationary employees who were fired, were filed, were fired illegally. And as a former practicing attorney who handled wrongful termination cases, you don't really get much more of a smoking gun than when human resources essentially says, yes, the company engaged in employment violations. So that's basically the equivalent of what went down. You have now the equivalent of basically human resources, this office that looks into these things and making a finding saying these probationary firings were unlawful.


And the basis of why they were unlawful is that you have to go through certain steps even when you fire probationary employees, like you have to communicate if you're firing them for, cause you can't just randomly one day be like, you're fired. See you later. There has to be some like attempt to engage with them to let them know, are they not meeting the expectations? Like there has to be preliminary steps. I mean, you have to think about it like this. These federal government workers gave their life to do jobs that aren't in the spotlight. Right? A lot of these jobs aren't glamorous. These are just tough jobs where people sacrifice a lot of their time to do things that keep Americans safe, right?


Whether it's working in the agriculture department, whether it's working in the Department of Education, whether it's working in energy, whether it's working in national parks, whether it's, you know, being part of the crisis hotline or working elsewhere within the, you know, veterans Administration. You know, these are jobs that are necessary, whether it's working within the transportation department and focusing on railroad safety, focusing on aviation safety, focusing on shipping safety, right? And what these federal workers just wanted in return was just to be treated with respect and dignity and have a due process if you're going to, you know, do anything to them.


They, they signed up also for these federal jobs not to be worked by Elon Musk for 20 hour days and to be treat treated like trash. I mean, these people were giving their time and their life to the federal government to kind of give back as well. And for them to be treated like this is so utterly horrific. But I just, Brett you alluded to this at the beginning, you know, based on this finding now, what if all of these probationary employees who were fired, they now would have to potentially get reinstated, put back into their job, get back, pay, get penalties, all of these monetary damages as well for being deemed terminated for cause when there was nothing for cause about the termination.


Just imagine if these tens of thousands of people who are fired, what if they now now file all of these wrongful termination lawsuits as well? And before you know it, you're talking about literally tens of billions of dollars billion in the aggregate because of these unlawful acts. Yeah, I mean, honestly, I think at the end of the day when you, when we look back on Doge, you know, hopeful, hopefully we all get out from under this. And I do believe we'll be able to, I think we're gonna see that Doge was a massive net negative on the United States of America, that it destroyed America's, the United States' productivity, that it destroyed obviously jobs and that it actually ended up costing the country more for this ridiculous vanity project than nobody asked for.


Yeah. More so than a net loss. A net negative. Absolutely. And and to your point, just the overemphasis there on credibility, like what's happening right now, I don't know how we start digging ourselves up from where Trump and Musk has positioned us within the respect of the world. 'cause frankly, it's declining at a rapid, at a rapid pace. We've lost the respect of the world, like, I guess aside from Putin and Kim Jong-un, but they don't even respect Trump. They're just using him. They're making fun of him too. So where do we go from here as a society, as a country? That's gonna be the biggest hurdle now going forward, as long as we could all, you know, preserve democracy in these last or next four years.


Look, supporting Vladimir Putin is not a popular position inside the United States. That is one of those areas that what 80% of people or more disapproved, I think it's maybe in like, even like the 90% of people and the way they, that's why Fox tries to say this is still part of the four dimensional strategy. It's not part of four dimensional chess. When you literally cast a vote in the United Nations that says you oppose condemning Russia as the aggressor in the Russian war against Ukraine in Russia's unlawful invasion, that the United States would not even join with all of the other countries, but instead side with North Korea and Russia and Belarus and Hungary against Ukraine.


It's like a gut punch when some of these things just hit me like a, like a gut punch. And I'm like, what? That is humiliating. You know, when I see how the new Chancellor of Germany, f Friedrich MEIDAS goes up there and says, now the United States, Elon Musk, Donald Trump, JD Vance, and these mags, he goes, they're just like Putin. They're basically the same. They're interfering in German elections to try To get the neo-Nazi party, which picked up some seats. They came in second. It's scary that they're picking up seats, but fortunately they underperformed what they were supposed to ultimately do after JD Van showed up in Europe and attacked and attacked European nations and attacked the other parties in Germany and supported the A DF.


But we have the, the Republicans supporting the neo-Nazi party at cpac. You had both Steve Bannon and this other speaker doing the, so the Nazi salute symbol. You had Elon Musk doing it. I look at this and it literally, it, it, it, it's, it's a, it's a physical feeling of, of, of my heart sinking. And I go, this shouldn't be a Democrat, Republican independent. This is a should just be a human thing. What the hell? What the hell are we doing? Unfortunately, the C-D-U-C-S-U party in Germany's gonna, I think, be able to form this government behind the new chancellor, Frederick MEIDAS, you know, and, and he's saying though, look, he goes, I don't know what we're gonna do for our NATO summit in in June, because it seems like America's out.


I mean, that's how they're talking ab that's how they're talking about us, you know, in Europe. And, and then Donald Trump's proven it with what he's, with what he's doing. I mean, you know, then he posts something like this. This is what, this is from the official account of a United States president as a SpongeBob meme, where he's, again, mocking federal workers for Elon Musk's demand that they justify five things that they did last week. And Meanwhile, you had a lot of the agencies then telling their own employees, you, you don't have to respond to this. I mean, you know, we're not even talking about the fact that Cash Patel became the FBI director, and he's his first response in his press conference as FBI, director Patel was like, this is effing, this is effing crazy.


And then Donald Trump picked Dan Bonino, the conspiracy theorist podcaster, who never worked at the FBI, I mean, he previously worked at the Secret Service, which is not the FBI, to be the deputy director of the FBI. Dan, let's look at Dan, let's look at the bright side though, Ben, I think that puts you next in line for, to run Department of Defense under the next Democratic Administration. So could you, but could you imagine the a like if someone were the, the thing with like a he too, like the arrogance, if someone were to say that to me, I would just be like, okay, no, we talking about I'm not running the defense department. Yeah. The fact that heit, the fact that Heit even thinks that he should be doing it goes to this malignant narcissistic pathology that's almost as dangerous as the complete fatal error of putting him in there in the first place that he takes it.


But, but take a look at what Trump posted. This SpongeBob, this SpongeBob meme, this is how he's referring to federal workers got done last week that he's mocking federal workers. Cried about Trump, cried about Elon, made it into the office for once, read some emails, cried about Trump and Elon some more. I mean, again, could you imagine a work environment where your boss just like, like bullies you and, and harasses you every day like that? It is so, it is so demeaning. But I do want this episode to give people hope because people are rising up.


That to me is the main theme here. Whether you're talking about from Oklahoma to Missouri to Georgia, to the red areas in Wisconsin to, you know, certain red areas in New York, and you go throughout the country, this is a theme we're seeing over and over again. And Brett, to your point, y'all need to help make your voices heard. Whether it's calling your members of Congress, whether it's showing up at these protests, showing up at events, we'll keep covering them here at the Midas Touch Network. And I just think the pressure needs to grow, Brett. Yeah. And you know that it is terrifying them when they see these sorts of actions because they're trying To get out in front of it and discredit the protesters.


Now, I'm not sure if you've seen, you know, some of the messages that people of MAGA have been posting online, but they're like, no, this can't be real. That's a Republican area. Those are definitely just democratic activists. Or they would say, Democrat activists who are just invading these spaces to yell, da da da. They, they can't let people realize that, oh, there are other people like me out there who have these strong feelings, who hate what is going on right now, who despise what Donald Trump is doing, what Elon Musk is doing. So they need to act like this is some sort of, you know, fake thing that shows you that it's getting to the heart of, of you know, everything. Because like I said earlier, their entire operation is not a governing operation. It's a propaganda operation.


And these things that pierce through the Babbel, quite literally in these red bubbles across the country are the biggest threat to them imaginable. Their voters rising up, people hearing from them. And make your voice heard. If, for those of you who have ever said, listen, I am a blue.in a red district or a red state, what can I do? Well, If you have a friend or two and you want 'em for a support group, go and bring them to a town hall with you and make your voice heard. This is how we're gonna be able to change things here. This is same way Midas is a people-powered movement. We need a people-powered movement out there on the streets every single day pushing back, rising up.


And that's what we are seeing. And I wanna see a whole lot more of it. Make them afraid. Yeah. You know, to your point, this is not some hypothetical damage. I mean, I'm sure your 401k is, is down right now. Prices are up right now. Inflation is surging right now. Jobs are being lost right now. And Trump's out there talking about go searching Fort Knox with Elon Musk and, and doing a, a national treasure movie. Like what, what in the World is going on? We're gonna keep speaking truth to power here on the Midas Touch Network. We will fearlessly report on what's going on, and please help spread the message and show others this show, show others our YouTube channel, send others our audio podcast.


This movement needs to keep on growing, especially as the protests continue to grow. We'll be covering them and we will be letting you know where to go, what to do. And that's gonna become a major important part of this as well. For those who are new to this show as well, come back to the YouTube channel with about every 90 minutes we post a new video on that YouTube channel covering some new breaking news or some important topics. So keep checking the YouTube channel throughout the day. Make sure you subscribe on YouTube and on the audio podcast currently the number one podcast in America on both Spotify and Apple charts and Pod Scribe beating the Rogan Show and all those other right-wing podcasts, folks, this is what you built.


You, you, you were sick and tired of having these right-wing shows constantly dominating the podcast charts. And so this is your movement and it's not possible without you. We're grateful for you. Thank you for all you do. Thank you for the work our MOD's put in, in keeping the conversations civil here. Thank you for, thank you to all of our hosts as well, and all of our workers at the Midas Touch Network who make this production possible. It's such an honor to be here with all of you every single day. And so thank you for watching, and we'll see you soon on the next, the next videos we drop, and on the next Midas Touch podcast. Have a great one. Everybody shout out to the Midas my day, The Love this video.


Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 750,000 followers.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now, and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.