
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The new year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration Specialists will fix it, Guaranteed. Or your money back resolve. To make identity, health, and wealth part of your New Year's S goals with LifeLock, Save up to 40% your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com.


Today, The Republicans fled to Mar-a-Lago over the weekend as LA burned, and then they spread lies and disinformation. Now we see MAGA Mike Johnson saying that he would need to impose conditions on Los Angeles and California. If California were to receive national aid, how vile, how despicable. We will break it all down. Also, California Governor Gavin Newsom has now been forced to be a debunker of the deluge of lies being spread by Elon Musk, Donald Trump, MAGA influencers, maga propaganda media.


Once upon a time when there would be tragedy and crisis, we would unite as Americans and shun the lies and disinformation from internet trolls. Now, an internet troll is the leader of the Republican Party with his inauguration set to take place soon. And what vile trolling Donald Trump has that, if you even wanna call it that, making posts saying Trump was right with the fire by where the Hollywood sign is just ridiculous posts. We will break it all down. And again, I don't care what political party you're from, this should just piss you off. Crass, vile, taking advantage of people's suffering here in Los Angeles.


But that's the MAGA Republicans for you. And I also want you to remember this about Donald Trump. I repeat it over and over again. WMD weapon of mass distraction, right? As Donald Trump keeps talking about, taking over Greenland and Canada being the 51st state for the weekend, you had people like Donald Trump's envoy to Ukraine, Keith Kellogg say, actually, we're not gonna be able to do a peace deal in Ukraine after Russia's unlawful invasion in 24 hours. But put chance, can you give us 2,400 hours? How maybe if we do a framework in like a hundred days, maybe we do that.


No, you said in 24 hours. That was your promise. We're not gonna forget here on the Midas Touch Network, and we will call it out every single day. But folks, Donald Trump selling guitars and Eric Trump and Donald, they're gonna do Trump vodka. Don't be distracted. Promises broken each and every day, and we need to call them out every single time. Also, these broken promises are again, fueling this civil war within the Mara Republican Party, right? You've got even people at the kind of the upper echelons of the MAGA hierarchy, like Steve Bannon saying that he's declaring war on Elon Musk and that Elon Musk shouldn't step foot in the White House.


You've got Steve Bannon saying to Breitbart and other places that Elon Musk is too racist for the MAGA movement. Elon Musk, too racist for Steve Bannon. We will break that all down. And also, Alina Haba, one of Donald Trump's top advisors, she has an official role right now in the White House. She was swooning over Andrew Tate, who's essentially on tape bragging about what he does with women. He's been charged with sex trafficking, vile, despicable stuff right there. And even people in the MAGA movement like this, Monica Matthews, who's been helping with the transition, she's saying, Hey, Susan Wiles, you're the chief of staff.


What is going on here? We'll read for you what a lot of these MAGA people are saying about Alina Haba, Alina Haba saying about some of these other MAGA people. We want to cover that as well. And look a few more days of normalcy folks, I suppose, at least in the White House, president Biden delivered an important foreign policy speech today. And again, no accordion hands, no threatening our allies talking about American principles. Sorry, corporate media. That wasn't sexy enough or fun enough. It wasn't reality TV man. But look, I want competent governance, and I know sometimes it's hard to defend competent governance.


It's kind of like sometimes defending a cable company or a utility company, like, yeah, you know, you need it sometimes, but we need competent governance. Not this crazy chaos. But we'll be with you every step of the way here on the Midas Touch Network. Brett and Jordy are here. We're with you every step of the way. Good to see you guys. Good to see you too. It's, it's good to be back. It was upsetting to have to run away the last episode for that mandatory evacuation right before we started the episode. But I wanna thank everybody for reaching out. Yes, I'm safe. My home is safe. Honestly, I am certainly one of the incredibly lucky ones here in Los Angeles. The fires by me, I broke out like literally like a couple blocks away, but the LAFD jumped into action.


They were able to stop him pretty quickly, the ones by me. And I was able to come back later that night. I know a lot of other people haven't been as as lucky. And it's just been so devastating every single day, watching all the devastation that has been wrought as a result of these fires, these winds. And it, it, it's been, you know, it's, it's been exhausting also, then seeing all of the commentary on right wing social media coming from Donald Trump and flowing down to even people who I know in Los Angeles spouting out, you know, some of these lies from Donald Trump and these Elon Musk and these other actors of disinformation and lies on the internet.


It's so incredibly frustrating and, and demoralizing. But, you know, we're, we're pushing through it. We're, we're pushing back. I think if I could describe what it feels like here in LA to folks who aren't here, I, to me it reminds me of like the Covid era. You know, when you're kind of in survival mode, when you're constantly looking at the TV for the next update, when's the next, where's the next wave going to take place? You know, looking at the forecast, trying to hear from the experts, and then at the same time, getting this deluge of disinformation, this deluge of lies, which seeks to counteract the progress actually being made on the ground. Meanwhile, you sort of feel locked in and cooped up, and you go to the store and everyone's trying to get the supplies as if it's the end.


It really feels a lot like that era. I don't like that very much, but like I said, I'm certainly, you know, one of the, one of the lucky ones here. And I wanna send all my love, you know, and, and prayers and everything to, you know, everybody here in la It's, it's such an incredible city. And to see the way folks are coming together in the city to help one another out right now in this time, it, it's really heartwarming and it shows you the, the good parts of humanity in the sea of the, the cesspool of, of the lies and disinformation that we're seeing out there online. Jordy, how are you doing, Brett? It is so great to have you back. I see everybody in the comments right now saying that they're glad that you're back doing, doing well. And yeah, my heart goes out to everyone still being affected by these fires.


I know we have a huge, you know, Midas mighty constituency out there in, you know, California. So, so please just know, as I said last week during the podcast, like, we're in this together, we're here for you guys. Please let us know how y'all are doing. Excited to get into the show and really dig in. And it just, it, it does just amaze me that as Newsom is literally, and I know we're about to jump into it, but as, as he's literally, you know, fighting for the people on the ground, not even like, not, not Democrats, right? Just fighting for the people of California on the ground right now, trying to get them resources, trying to get them help. The fact that he has to push back against Donald Trump and these, you know, these MAGA Republican lies about how the fire started or, or this person did it, or there's not enough resources like the MAGA lies right now.


Specifically, it is putting the lives of Californians in the greatest danger. And the fact that Newsom has to spend one second, even just one second of his time, trying to just get the truthful information to combat the misinformation out there and the disinformation, it's ridiculous that it even needs to be done as people's lives are literally on the line. Ben, Tomorrow we're actually co-sponsoring an event in the Pasadena area for those impacted by the Eaton fires. 12:30 PM at 1146 East Green Street in Pasadena. We're gonna be working with this firm there, Mendez and Sanchez. You see it right there, handing out free meals, free In-N-Out burgers drinks.


I think we're gonna have some pizza there as well. No pressure. But if you're in the area, and, and if the conditions are safe, of course you can stop by and pick up just some free food. I, I may try to stop by at some point in time and just say hello to everybody. But for first responders, police, firefighters, anybody impacted, go, it's a free meal on, on us and on Mendez and Sanchez. Alright, Jordy, your point about Gavin Newsom, though, like, let's frame it this way. Gavin Newsom's probably one of the best communicators in politics, right? If not the best communicator in politics, right? But imagine how he has struggled to fight back against the deluge of lies, even equipped with literally every skillset, right?


A natural orator quick on his feet, good looking like he was built for this specific moment. But it's coming from everywhere. And especially during the middle of a crisis. What do you do? How do you deal with that when your job is governance, not internet trolling, and the moment you are doing fact checks or debunking disin info, you are already in a defensive posture versus an offensive posture. And that's why this type of stuff was always off limits in our politics. 'cause frankly, it's pretty easy.


But callous, if you're gonna take advantage of people during terrorist attacks or natural disasters, it's the most vulnerable group of people. It's the easiest people to take advantage of. Who does that? Donald Trump Maga, they've changed the game for how this is dealt with. So now think about the last four years with President Biden, president Biden, who's now in his eighties, who's not the orator. He once was, right? He is a speak soft, but get things done. Not someone who's got this rapid response machine. 'cause he's old school, he just believed in, let's do deals. Let's get out the truth. Come on people, let's bring everybody together.


And Trump and Magna was like F you. Even if you're giving us what we want when it comes to the border and doing bipartisan border deals. F you we're blowing it all up, no matter what it is, whether it's Afghanistan, besides the fact that Donald Trump was the one who released the 5,000 Taliban prisoners and created the dangerous conditions, whether it was the, you know, derailment in his Palestine, you met a crash in the ca Canadian border. You named the lack of baby formula. No matter what the situation was often caused by Donald Trump, it was some way to create and spew the lies. And frankly, I think the Biden administration, which was equipped to govern, was not equipped that people don't give a shit about facts anymore.


The perception is almost more important than the facts. And we've existed in a MAGA framework of debunking versus being on the offense with a narrative that connects with the people because there's lies, lies, lies, lies freaking everywhere. And it's important that we recognize the problem and then learn to solve from it. I've noticed Gavin Newsom though, kind of picking it up and recognizing, oh, I, I'm seeing the hustle right here and he's adapting in real time. And I do think public sentiment is starting to shift a little bit as you're seeing, wait a minute, these were bad faith actors who were lying that there was no water and they were lying.


That, that the fire department wasn't funded. It was actually funded more. They were lying that the resources were not in place. Gavin Newsom lined up the resources two weekends ago in preparation for this, which was kind of an unprecedented effort. And So let me show you this first, let me show you this video clip of Gavin Newsom, kind of his response using the kind of bully pulpit of his office to push back, let me show you this first I called for to come out, take a look for himself, what we wanna do in the spirit of an open hand, not a closed fist. He's the president-elect. I respect the office. We have a president of the United States that within 36 hours provided a major disaster declaration over a text.


We had support from the President of the United States, Joe Biden, with a hundred percent reimbursement, all the resources you could hope for or imagine constant communication. I'd like to extend that to the president-elect. I don't know what he's referring to when he talks about the delta smelt and reservoirs. The reservoirs are completely full of the state reservoirs here in Southern California. That missing and disinformation, I don't think advantages or aids any of us responding to Donald Trump's insults. We would spend another month. I'm very familiar with them. Every elected official that he disagrees with, very familiar with them. We Do know though, from reporting here locally that that one reservoir that serves the Palisades was not Full. And that's exactly what triggered my desire to get the investigation to understand what was happening with that local reservoir that was not a state system reservoir, which the president-elect was referring to as it relates to the delta.


And somehow connecting the delta smelt to this fire, which is inexcusable because it's inaccurate, also incomprehensible to anyone that understands water policy in the state. And then Governor Newsom posted this video of Elon Musk and in the post Governor Newsom basically says that, look at Elon Musk being totally debunked and exposed by firefighters for his own lies. Let me show you the, we have this video, Brett, of Elon Musk. If we do, let's play it. So, Alright, what about, what about water availability? Was water availability? I, I understand that was like not, not an issue in, in Malibu, is that correct?


Was it water? Yeah, So there was water. We have several reservoirs that encino's that we use a lot. Now, just an example, if we have one building burning, we could flow a thousand gallons a minute on that one building with the hose lays that we put in to stop it. You can imagine 1000 gallons per house we couldn't do, right? Yeah. So the amount of water we're flowing, there really is no water system that's gonna keep that pace. So we have to bring in water tenders, which are these big tank water tanks that, you know, 2,500, 3000 gallon Yeah. Trucks. And they'll come in and that's what we have to do to overcome, to compensate. So they park out there, do it. DWTP did a great job.


They brought in ma big water Okay. Trucks for Us. All right? And we use them as basically mobile hydrants. All right? And then we have our own agency as well that has water tenders. Okay. My understanding is that, that, like along the, maybe I, correct me if I'm wrong, along in, in Malibu along the coast, there was no shortage of water in the Palisades. There was a shortage of water at, at a certain point, or is that not accurate? Well, We were just, we were flowing just an amount of amount of water that those system couldn't over. We were just overbearing just because of how much water these firefighters were utilizing. Okay. Alright.


Sounds good. All right, thanks guys. Right. Not, not the answer he wanted there. Yeah, he, he, he ended that, he ended that spaces really quickly once he didn't get the answer he wanted. And he's been one of the biggest spreaders of all these lies. Elon Musk. And literally every official you speak to, every expert you speak to, anyone who knows a little bit about what they're talking about, all says the same thing. The fires were so large, the situation was so vast that it would've overwhelmed any system in the world. And there's not a system that is equipped to handle this as it happened. I mean, to, as somebody in LA to explain it to people out there, this was a giant fire meets a hurricane basically with up to a hundred mile an hour winds.


When the winds are like that, you can't fly helicopters over, you can't do hoses. And when they talk about all these fire hydrants and all that stuff, yes, they had water, but fire hydrants designed to get water out of a house, like, like one house that's burning not an entire mountain full of homes. You know, not, not a vast stretch of land like that. So this is like nothing that people have really ever seen. It's something that quite frankly, you know, everybody knew was a possibility that could happen if the conditions were right and would just so happen to have those nightmare conditions hit here in Los Angeles at, at the time. And so, just to see the constant spreading of the lies, it's honestly, it's a microcosm of the election that we just went through and the last few years under President Biden and this new kind of media machine since Elon Musk took over Twitter and stuff.


It's that the truth really doesn't matter. They try to get these lies out there so quickly and the lies spread and the lies actually affect people. They infect people's minds because in times of crisis, people are broken, people are facing trauma, people are looking for someone to blame, they're looking to get angry about something. And into that void comes Elon Musk saying, you're supposed to get angry at this person, or you're supposed to get angry at the Delta smelt, or, or whatever the issue. They should have raked the forest. It has nothing to do with raking the forest, especially when you have a hundred mile an hour winds and fire. Nothing, nothing in the world is going to stop that. But you gotta figure out, okay, now what do we do? How do we actually figure out how do we solve this issue?


And I've seen day in and day out, the LA fire department, all, all of the kind of workers around the city doing incredible work. All the volunteers around the city doing incredible work, limiting the amount of deaths that we've seen, a lot of property damage, but limiting the number of deaths that we've seen throughout the city. And that to me is inspiring. And those are the people who are actually doing the real work right now. And there have been real resources for folks over here. There's an app called Watch Duty, which I've actually been able to follow along with for actual updates. And the local news has done a, a great job at letting people know what's going on. But you know, Twitter, Twitter and social media in general, which used to be a place where you could get real time updates, has become the opposite, has become a place where you go to and you don't know what's true, what's a lie, what's made up.


But those lies spread. And then, like you said, you know, Newsom has had to adapt to this. And he is probably more adept at approaching these lies than probably anybody in history in terms of politicians being a modern kind of politician who understands the internet. His team releasing that video, I thought was very effective. And we see it, I'll try to pull it up again here, if I could find it one more time. So when we took the screenshot of this photo, you see the views on the bottom? This was like right after it posted, and it had 29,000 views. I just checked right before we did the show, and it had more like seven and a half million views. Nice. So that's a video now that's a message that's getting out to a whole lot of people.


I saw somebody, I think it was Chris Cuomo who tried to criticize Gavin Newsom for posting that video. Like, and he says, I'm paraphrasing, but Cuomo said something like, governor, now is not the time to get into petty internet squabbles. Focus on your state. And yeah, and it's like, first off, do you think that's Gavin tweeting? Do you think that's Gavin typing and uploading the video? No, but what do you don't understand, Chris? Chris Cuomo is this is the battle that we are facing. Yes, he needs to battle the fires. Newsom also needs to battle the disinformation. And what he's doing is what Democrats have neglected to do over these past few years. And quite frankly, even with Newsom doing it, the cards are stacked against him.


Everything is stacked against him because the algorithms are designed to suppress him, and they're designed to uplift the lies. But the fact that Newsom could do a post like that, get seven and a half, 8 million views on the post, get his counter message out to counter those lies, that is exactly what people who are running these accounts for the Democrats, for anybody who stands for truth, that's what everybody needs to be doing. This is actually a lesson in proper social media management to how to confront these crises on an informational level. And Gavin Newsom right now is delivering a masterclass on that from what everybody should be able to learn from that should not be criticized, that should be looked at and studied by other people in the party, by other people who are seeking to correct the record.


Exactly that. Brett, it, it's horrifying to me that MAGA and the MAGA party has made the political calculation. 'cause that's in their, that's what they're doing. They're making a political calculation that is in their best interest, in their best political interest, not to help people, not to get resources where they need to go, but to spread misinformation. And disinformation actually put, Americans' lives more at danger by not doing the things that an any normal person would do. Like I, I always think about, you know, our counterparts overseas right now who are just witnessing the United States politicizing such a horrific event and seeing Maga time and time again, you know, just spread these lies and not want to help fellow Americans.


It is mind boggling. It is terrifying. It is upsetting and it needs to stop. And I'm glad Newsom is, is doing what he's doing, Brett, because you laid it out perfectly in real time. He is, you know, putting this disinformation to bed, but it's also at the same time, horrifying that he has to spend even one second thinking that there are people within this own country that are trying to get other Americans killed. Awful, awful. Look. Then You have the California Republican delegation there at Mar-a-Lago. They leave the state, they pull a Ted Cruz, right? Cancun Cruise, the Cancun cruise. They're chilling with Trump 3000 miles away doing poses with their thumbs up as they're spreading the lies, as they're spreading the disinformation.


So the question is, well, what do we do about it? In the next segment, we're going to talk about it. We won't just be descriptive, we'll be prescriptive. I think that Governor Gavin Newsom is giving a masterclass in debunking Disin info, although he was a day or two late, not because it was his fault, but because he was handling the crisis. But what we have to do now in the pro-democracy movement is not get distracted by the WMD, the weapon of mass distraction. We have to be clear about what the narrative is and what that narrative is. Donald Trump made a number of promises and he's going to be breaking them every single day and every single day that happens, don't go to the next shiny object.


We can still deal with it, take it seriously, but bring it back. You wanna rename the Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of America. Let's talk about the Gulf of cheaper eggs, bro. And let's talk about how are you going to be reducing the price of goods? How are you gonna make housing more affordable? I love that post by Adam Kinser. I wanna talk about that and more. We're gonna take our first quick break of the show. It'll be a quick break. Wanna remind everybody about midas plus.com and of course, patreon.com/midas touch. We'll be right back after our first quick break.


Okay, I gotta tell you about this game changing product I used before, A night out with drinks. It's called ZBiotics Pre-Cool probiotic drink. Let's face it, after a night out with drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. I used to feel like I had to choose between a great night out and a great next day until I found ZBiotics ZBiotics Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough. Next day, ZBiotics produces an enzyme that breaks this byproduct down. Just remember, make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. I won't lie, I was skeptical at first, but I gave it a shot before, a night out with friends at our favorite spot downtown, and I could not believe the difference. The next morning I woke up, ready to tackle a pack schedule. No sluggishness, no regrets. Now I use Biotics every time I know I've got got plans the next day. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order when you use Code Midas at checkout. That's M-E-I-D-A-S. ZBiotics is backed by a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason whatsoever, they will refund your money no questions asked. Again, that's ZBiotics dot com slash midas and use that code Midas, that's M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off. Cheers to feeling great tomorrow.


How good is that feeling of fresh, clean teeth? Now, I only used to get that true feeling twice a year after I went to the dentist. But that all changed. Now that I use the new Quip 360 rechargeable electric toothbrush, the new Quip 360 oscillating toothbrush literally revolves around you. Finally, an electric toothbrush that doesn't overcomplicate the most basic daily ritual. Quip 360 is a bold, simple design that comes in multiple colors and is ultra quiet for a super clean without being super annoying, accepted by the American Dental Association, Quip 360 is scientifically proven to remove up to 11 times more plaque between teeth compared to a manual toothbrush and provide up to two times more whitening on day one. If you don't absolutely love your Quip 360, return it for free within 30 days. If you do love it, brush easy knowing you. Get a free lifetime warranty for purchasing on Get Quip dot com. Get Quip QUI p.com and the opportunity to subscribe to refill heads by mail every three months so you never have to go to the store. And now with Quip Perks, Quip is literally putting their money where their mouth is. When you subscribe to autoship, you'll be enrolled in Quip Perks to earn credit back over time, free your mouth with Quip and discover the 25,005 star reviews and mouths already loving Quip. Just for listeners of the Midas Touch Podcast, get 20% off site-wide and a free travel case and countertop. Stand at get Quip QU ip.com/midas. Free your mouth today and save 20% site-wide, plus a free travel case and countertop. Stand at get Quip QU ip.com/midas. Get Quip QU ip.com/midas.


Let's go. Shout out to our sponsors links in description of audio and YouTube. Use the links, use the codes, let them know we sent you ZBiotics. Big partner of ours. Y'all know we love them. They're back again in 2025. Quip is back, was a form back again. Guys, brothers, you guys know I I was best smile in high school, so I wouldn't trust my toothbrushing with just any ordinary toothbrush. Shout out Quip, use the links. I love Quip. What's up? Where are we going next? Ben Toothbrushing? I don't know. We're gonna definitely need to have a cleanser after showing you this next clip from MAGA Mike Johnson, speaker of the House. He was asked by CNN if there would be conditions placed on providing aid to California first.


The very fact that that question even is asked is baffling. Like you have to ask the question, will you impose conditions? And all over the weekend, I did a whole video of this. I saw senators and members of Congress from Wyoming and Tennessee and Louisiana and all of these states trying to lecture us in Los Angeles about them holding back resources from us here. I mean, you have Barro, Senator Bar, all these Mag Republicans from states that get money from California, right? Smaller states who depend on California, which is either the fourth or fifth largest economy in the world.


And now you're trying to hold us hostage from federal aid when we are one of the biggest contributors to the federal government. Far more than any of this, you know how livid this makes me, that it's even a question, but what makes me more livid is maga. Mike Johnson says, yes, we're gonna put conditions on it. And then you'll hear in this clip, he talks about one of them that they're considering is that we're gonna have to agree to raise the debt ceiling so Donald Trump can add trillions more of of debt in order for us to get aid in California. What in the world are you even like? Like honestly, these people are the most vi I don't know how to des describe it other than vile, villainous and disgusting.


Let's play the clip. Are you openly providing a California house and conditions at all? I think we've gotta have a serious conversation about that. Obviously there's been water resource, mis management, forest management mistakes, all sorts of problems. And it, it does come down to leadership and it, it appears to us that state and local leaders were derelict in their duty in, in many respects. So that's something that has to be factored in. I think there should probably be conditions on that date. That's my personal view. We'll see what the consensus is. I haven't had a chance to socialize that with any of the members over the weekend because we've all been very busy. But it'll be part of the discussion for sure.


What about the debt limit increase? What about tying the debt limit increase to it There, there's some, some discussion about that, but we'll see where it goes. There's some discussion about tying a debt ceiling increase for California to get aid. And then you notice he spews the Elon lies as the pretext. Hello, Vladimir Putin, right? That's the Putin Kim Jong-un tactic 1 0 1 weaponize the lies to have some agenda, which is ultimately, what's this all about? The money, what do they want to do? They want to cut taxes for billionaires and they know they can't pay for that.


So they wanna raise the debt ceiling and they wanna screw Americans so they can make way for massive handouts to the oligarchs. Brett, Yeah, e everything he said is a complete lie, California. It's just the fact California gives the most money to the federal government out of any state. And I will defend California to the death. It's an amazing state. LA is an amazing city. It's a beautiful city, it has a massive economy and a ridiculous GDP output, which I think puts it at what the number five like of if it was a country, it would be like number four or five out of all countries in the entire world. So, you know, I think it's funny when somebody from, I'm, I won't, I won't hate on any specific states right now, but when some of these senators and representatives from their states try to talk crap on California, it's like, bro, you know where you're from.


All right? You know how much money, you know, where you rank for education. You know where you rank in tech, you know where you rank in every category compared to California. Okay? But they tell their people that because it's like one of those North Korea style tactics where you act like these other places. Oh, it's so horrible there. They have it awful there. Oh, you don't want to go there and there, people buy it like you see online, like you'll see memes and stuff of people from some of these states and some of these Trump voters who are like, thank God I don't live in California. Like, not, not as about the fires, but just like in general. And it's like, all right, it's pretty nice here actually. But all right, you know, we we're, we're pretty populated, so it's okay. We don't need, believe me, we, we, we, we don't need you here. But it's just so vile, it's so despicable to see, you know, Mike Johnson saying that, using those lies as pretext to say, oh, actually they're local officials.


You know, they're basically blaming it on, on people for being Democrats in California. It has nothing to do with political party. Stop putting politics into every little thing. No matter who was in these positions, quite frankly, whether it's Gavin Newsom, whether that was a Republican, whether it's Mayor Karen Bass, whether it's Caruso, whether it's a republic, whoever it is, you, you swap any of those positions out, this fire still happens. It still spreads in the same exact way. It's just, it's just the fact because it was nature, it was mother nature, there was no stopping it. Now I'm happy that we do have competent people who were able to look this at, at from a factual perspective and actually understand how to solve these issues and, and, and work on it from where we are right now.


But that initial hit that was gonna happen regardless. And I'm sick of these people trying to use California as a political wedge. I'm sick of them playing with people's lives over here. I really have an affinity for the communities in the city, in the state, and I see people busting their ass right now to help each other. I see people donating so much that I've, I've gotten texts from the donation places saying, we don't want any of X, Y, and Z because we're already full. But if you could bring this, that, and the other. And so that's how much this community's coming together. They are overflowing the donation spaces with items. They are working, they are helping their neighbors.


You are seeing the community of the city in action. And then you just have these politicians, these republican politicians in Washington just shitting on the city, making everything about politics. It just absolutely reprehensible when us, when the people in the city are either in survival modes or just lost their homes or their cars or their mementos or whatever. It's just so sickening to me on such a deeply personal level. And, you know, we, we've covered this from the perspective of other states before and how abhorrent it is when they did this with North Carolina, when they do this with other states that, that face disasters and you just really feel it. I gotta say in, in an even different way.


When it's your state that's going through the crisis and you see these bullshit games that these people are playing in Washington, like, enough is enough. I'm sick of the lies. I'm sick of the disinformation. Actually work for the people for once. Stop spreading your bs. Stop trying to be partisan. Just get together, pass a bill, help the people of this city. Help 'em stop with your politics. Our editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski, responded to this CNN news alert. This is what the CNN News alert was. It said, Trump's musings about the US taking over the Arctic territory have thrusted into the spotlight.


This is what it's like to visit. And the headline is, world Meet Greenland and Ron Philip Kowski goes, sometimes I think this is a parody site referring to CNN, but what it really is, is it's either intentionally maliciously wantonly or negligently. You decide where CNN which is funded by oligarchs is going here, but they follow the shiny object, right? Take a look. Donald Trump's talking about invading Greenland, Greenland, Gulf of Mexico, now Gulf of America. Look at what he's saying about Canada. Look, we need to take these things seriously, especially from the perspective that it's uniting the world against the United States.


So we should be talking about that and take it seriously, but also realize the hustle. Okay? Don't be hustled like Trump admin won. Don't be hustled like campaign every day. Can't be, Trump said this crazy thing. Trump said that crazy thing. Trump said this crazy thing. And look, I'm not saying that I am totally innocent in this. I, I want to improve on how you deal with it. I think anybody who takes a cold hard look at the voting patterns of behavior of, of Americans, Americans, by and large were okay, the at least 49% of voters with how disgusting of a human being Donald Trump is, that didn't seem his low morality.


The depths of depravity being found liable for sexual assault, being a convicted felon, talking about grabbing women by their genitals because he's rich, saying that it's locker room talk in front of a bunch of young Republicans, all of, you know, hanging out with Epstein back in the day, all that to 49% of the voters, they were saying, well, Trump's made these promises. Peace in Ukraine, lower prices, affordable housing, jobs. We can deal with a disgusting human being if these promises are gonna happen. To which I was like, dudes lied his entire life all the time. He's bankrupted his companies.


The reason I'm focused on the lack of moral character and all of these issues is to show you that all these other things are fraud, but people seem to be mesmerized by the lies. And, and Trump being, I guess an example during this times is a tough analogy, but the arsonist and then blaming the firefighters, the Biden administration for what Trump actually created. Not in a literal sense, but during the first administration and how you deal with that, right? So I think it's important that we not get distracted and, and as CNN is there, because let's talk about what happened over the weekend, Trump's envoy to Ukraine.


Keith Kellogg said, you know what, we're not gonna be able to do peace in 24 hours. Yeah, I know that. I know that Trump said that. But look, 2,400 hours, how about a hundred days? Give us a hundred days and then we can create a framework for a framework and then maybe create some conditions for ceasefire. I don't know. Here's Keith Kellogg Trump's special envoy to Ukraine. In his own words, let's play it. What We're do, we'll set the conditions for the president and then he'll eventually get to a position where he'll be talking to President Putin and also a Prime Minister, Zel President Zelensky as well. And I think they're gonna come to a, a, a, a solvable solution in the near term.


And what I say by the near term, you know, I would like to set a goal on a personal level and professional level. I would say let's set it at a hundred days and move our way back and figure a way we can do this in the, in the near term to make sure that this solution is solid, it's sustainable, and that this war ends to, to, and so that we stop the carnage. I think that's gonna be very important to do. It's gonna be important for our national security. It's a part of our vital natural interest. And it's also good for Europe as well, and the globe as well is to as well. Alright, I predict that guy's not gonna last that long in the Trump administration. And, and let me give you another, let me give you another by, by the way, serious guy, Vietnam war hundred first Airborne fought in a, a number of wars.


Gulf War, Lieutenant General, like he, he's a serious dude. Like he's not, he's not a bad person to have in that role. But let me show you this other clip of him though, where he's like, I may be the envoy, and I may have said all of these things. 'cause then the reporter asks him, but Trump's saying different stuff than you. So what do you say when Trump goes out and says different stuff? Here's what Keith Kello says, let's Play, you know, I don't want to divulge anything that the president says or doesn't say because he speaks for himself. I do not speak for him. We've had an opportunity to talk about it. And we will have more after the 20th of January when he is officially the president, not president. I mean, literally, your job is to speak on his behalf, on the issue of Ukraine.


Like you're there giving an interview, speaking on his behalf, and then he goes, I don't speak on his behalf. And then he changed the goalposts from 24 hours to 100 days to build the conditions. Now again, if you were responsible media, you would be covering it the way we're covering it here, right? That should be your front page story. Trump lies. And by the way, those are not minor lies. Those lies kill countless people in Ukraine because you're toying with people's lives by creating fake frameworks that aren't real or doable.


You are destroying the ability of NATO to even operate when you're creating these fake and phony deadlines. And you're playing right into the hands of Vladimir Putin. Now, what Keith Kellogg recognizes there is actually what he's saying is actually not something I really disagree with, because you don't want to create a 24 hour negotiating window and then screw yourself by imposing an arbitrary deadline on your negotiations. It's the worst thing you can do in a negotiation is to let your adversary know your arbitrary timeline of what's failure. Because then you could be cajoled or coerced in the negotiation.


If Putin realizes that you are going to fail. He can say, okay, here's what I want. And that's what Putin's been doing, right? Putin's been saying, I demand total capitulation. I demand a total surrender of Ukraine. And by the way, Donald, I'm gonna show nude photos of Melania on, on Russia tv, and I'm gonna have our version of Sean Hannity laugh and mock you. That's what's been going on there. But the slight of hand, the pickpocketing of Donald Trump, of now they've moved the goalpost to, we didn't really promise that. By the way, I'm not gonna play this video because my same rule of not playing Trump clips, I'm going to extend that to not playing JD Van's.


Sorry, if you wanna watch JD Vance, I like that. But JD Vance has asked, Hey, the Biden economic numbers were give Fox credit. They asked the right question. The Biden numbers were pretty good, huh? 258,000 jobs created unemployment down to 3.9%. Basically, that's the lowest unemployment since 1960s. You know, the stock market was up under Biden, 16.6 million jobs created PR pretty good, right? And inflation's, you know, being tackled. And it's better than mostly any other nation out there because of the inflation reduction act. So what does D Van say? His response is, I wish Joe Biden all the best.


But the fact is, he has left us a dumpster fire, not just at the border, but with the economy. He then goes on to say, we're gonna have to work really hard to try to stabilize things, to try to stabilize the inflation. We're not sure what we can do to try to stabilize these prices. And as James Wicki goes, the telling moment here is when Vans talking about inflation says they're going to work to quote, stabilize the prices for Americans. That's not what Trump promised. Trump promised voters he would bring prices down. It was a nonsense promise. So now they're walking it back to say, the goal is to stabilize, to keep the prices stable.


So remember what we said at the beginning, that tank, that deluge of disinformation allow perceptions to take over the facts, change the benchmarks. We're not gonna have peace in Ukraine for maybe a hundred, 200, who, who knows if we'll ever get there. We'll see, when it comes to the economy, we're not gonna be able to lower prices. Actually, we need to stabilize things. Donald Trump is a perennial con artist. Maybe the greatest con artist or the greatest and con artist shouldn't go along with each other in the history of mankind. All he does is lie. He's created a virtual reality in his mind, implanted it on the reality inhabits this fake world that he's created and thrusts that world of propaganda and falsehood onto the American people, which is inconsistent with the world that we're actually living in right now.


And if you look at Biden's record, if you look at everything, it's actually been by fact, not perception. Probably the most successful first term of anyone, maybe in the history of the presidency, jobs created more than anyone else. 16.6 million jobs created stock market record, high infrastructure Act, 40,000, 50,000 infrastructure projects, blue states, red states benefiting record low unemployment, never lost jobs any single month. The American Recovery Act got us out of the disaster. Trump left us in with Covid, where Trump said like a miracle, it's all gonna go away.


It's all the real, like a miracle. Inject yourself with bleach and Clorox or whatever. He got us out of that. And then he protected Veterans with the Pact Act, brought the semiconductor industry, president Biden did here with the CHIPS Act. We're talking about massive pieces of legislation, and he would've passed a border deal deal. If Donald Trump didn't kill it, it would've been so beneficial to us all. But Trump said, killing the border deal was a winning issue. A winning issue to MAGA so they could run on chaos at the border. But by the way, even with that, you wanna know the facts, not the perception. The facts are that border crossings are down more right now than they were in April, 2020 when Trump was in office.


By the way, what was April, 2020 when Trump was in office? Why were the border crossings down then? I don't know, maybe something called Covid that Donald Trump failed to manage properly there and border crossings actually were not down during a lot of Trump's presidency. They went down significantly because of Covid, as did gas prices. But that's not something to brag about when human beings in America can't get freaking toilet paper. And there are mobile morgues and food lines taking place in America now. I'm worked up right now. Folks, we're gonna take our last quick break of the show. I wanna remind you midas plus.com. Check it out. Also patreon.com/midas touch.


We're gonna take our last quick break of the show. When we come back, I wanna show you President Biden's closing message to the American people. We'll be right back.


Alright, let's talk about NAD plus. It's an every living cell in your body, and it helps keep you young by repairing damage, detoxifying, and giving you energy. But between age 20 and 50, your NAD plus levels are cut in half. No wonder we start feeling older, more tired, and less vibrant. But here's the good news, Qualia, NAD plus makes it easy To boost YOUR NAD plus levels by 74%. It's a simple supplement that's vegan, gluten-free, non GMO, and packed with ingredients to help you feel at your peak longer into life. Quality. NAD plus contains the most powerful NAD plus precursors like niacin, niacinamide, and nigen. These ingredients are clinically tested To boost YOUR NAD plus levels and quality. NAD plus has many other holistic ingredients that support all major aspects of NAD plus production in your body. Plus it's doctor formulated. So you know, it's the real deal. I've been using quaia NAD plus since they sent it to me, and the difference is huge. I actually feel energized, awake, and ready to take on the day. I had no idea how much my low NAD plus was dragging me down. To boost your NAD plus levels by up to 74%, go to quality of life.com/ Jordy for up to 50% off and use code Jordy at checkout. That's J-O-R-D-Y at checkout for an additional 15% off. That's quality of life.com/jordi, J-O-R-D-I for 15% off your purchase. Thanks to quaia for sponsoring today's episode.


A large part of managing a business's finances is tedious repetitive work to ensure accurate bookkeeping. You know what I'm talking about? Ramp helps streamline this work giving business operators like yours truly and you more time to focus on what matters the most Ramp is the corporate card and spend management software designed to help you save time and put money back in your pocket. With Ramp spend policies are built into the card so you can prevent wasteful spending before it happens. You can customize spending limits and restrictions, so employees are empowered to purchase what your business needs. And you can have the Peace of Mind Ramp plays bad cop, so you don't have to, you'd be good cop detecting policy violations, chasing missing documentation, requesting repayment and locking cards of noncompliant employees. And get this Rams Accounting software automatically collects receipts and categorizes your expenses in real time. So you don't have to say bye-bye to manual expense reports. You'll never have to chase down a receipt ever again and your employees will no longer spend hours on expenses. The time you'll save each month on employee expenses will allow you to close your books eight times faster. And now get $250 when you join Ramp. Just go to Ramp dot com slash midas. That's Ramp RAMP Ramp dot com slash midas rmp.com/midas Cards issued by Sutton Bank member, FDIC, terms and conditions apply.


Shout out to our sponsors, links in description of both the YouTube and the audio. Check out the links, use the codes, let them really let them know we sent you, because that actually becomes a thing. I have all these conversations after the fact that The brothers don't even know this, and they're like, your audience tells us that they, y'all sent them. And like, not a lot of audiences do that. So we appreciate the Midas mighty. And I go, Hey, the Maas Maori are undefeated. Of course they let you know, Benji, you Know, I'm seeing all these stats about corporate media that their unique users are down like 97%, like crazy stats like that. And they thought that cuddling up to Trump was going to be beneficial to them.


Or perhaps when the billionaires bought their kind of corporate media news outlets, that was their sacrificial lamb to show that they were MAGA to Donald Trump when they did that pilgrimage of shame to Mar-a-Lago. But what they didn't factor in is pro-democracy media. They didn't, they thought they were the only show in town that, oh, if we just suppress the news, where's people? Where are they gonna get it from here? Here's where you're gonna get it from. And it's great. You know, while, while they did that, you know what, we're, we're ready for the fight. We're ready for the battle.


I want to thank everybody who's, you know, become Subscribe Meidas at midas plus.com, at patreon.com/midas. Touch on the YouTube site. People who bought each other me, you could gift memberships here. And that's been supremely helpful because I think one of the best things is you can see the growth, you can see the research, you can see all of the things we've added in all of these different areas. The scope of the coverage has increased. Why am I going on that tangent? Well, one of the ways that also we're We grow is one, I think it's important info that you know that. And number two, those pro-democracy sponsors help a lot.


I know some people are like, ah, commercials. No commercials. It really helps a lot grow this network. Let's talk about the confirmed cabinet confirmation hearings, though, that are taking place. The big one tomorrow, or if you're listening to this on Audio podcast on Tuesday, is on January 14th, you have Hegseth. That's gonna be an interesting one, and we're gonna cover that here on the Midas Touch Network on the 15th. I think the really interesting one of all of these is gonna be Christie Nome for Department of Homeland Security. Pam Bondi, the head of the DOJ will be interesting as well.


She's got the bonafide, she's got the qualification. She was the AG in Florida, but I've, I've seen her, I mean, when she was representing Donald Trump in the impeachment hearings, like she was not good. Like she was nervous and it was a really shaky argument that she gave. And so IIII, she may be, you know, an operator behind the scenes, but it'll be interesting to see her with the cameras and lights on her there. And then we've got on January 16th, Lee Zelin, EPA Besson, who is the appointed for the Treasury Secretary.


We'll, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll be covering all of these though, so check back in periodically to the Midas Touch Network and our YouTube channel throughout the day. And I should give a shout out also to our mods here. They do an incredible job. Thank you for keeping the conversations here. Civil, I should give a shout out to you, the Midas Mighty, and also our editorial team run by Ron Philip Kowski. He does such a masterful job, Ron, you know, leading the editorial efforts and then all of our production team led by Adam Salton, AKA Salty. But Brett, let's talk about President Biden. I just wanna say, well, 'cause, just 'cause he brought up Ron.


Ron wrote one of the most incredible pieces for our substack today about his story, about his journey of being in the Marines, kind of becoming a Republican and then becoming a Democrat ultimately, and then becoming an independent journalist here at Midas Touch. It goes through his whole history and it's stuff about Ron that I never knew till reading this. And I just found that a really kind of inspiring kind of tale of, of somebody's kind of evolution in their thinking and, and kind of gaining empathy about others and, and how they've kind of come to believe the things that they believe and fight for the things that they fight for. So you could check it out on midas plus.com.


I just thought, I found it really powerful and I, I think our audience really like it. Yeah. And to all the MAGA people who find this talk by Donald Trump. Funny about invading Greenland or Panama or Annexing Canada, think about your family. Think about If you have young people in your family, you're gonna send them to die and to risk their lives to attack NATO allies like Denmark or Attack Canada. That's, that's what you're gonna do. Know, I've had this guy, Corey Hargraves, a former army sniper on a lot. I've been interviewing him and you know, he was out there two tours in Iraq, and he's been telling me like, you know, how he's taken life there, how he came back, you know, struggled when he returned.


And he's thinking, he's like, you're talking about sending us to attack you, you know, you're, you're trolling or, or you want us to take it seriously. You're gonna put boots on the ground. That, that's what you mean when you say these things, whether you are trolling or, or not. And Brett, I think about the, you know, Ron's service, you know, to the country as well. And I just think about like, you know, just the idea this, the language of annexing countries. It, it is so, it is so vile. But also when we talk about it, remember, bring it back to what Greenland, what are you even talking about?


Talk about prices. Talk about what are you gonna do? You said you were gonna make all these jobs right on day one. Housing was gonna become more affordable on day one. Oh, wait a minute. Perhaps it's all the oligarchs who hang out at Mar-a-Lago who own private equity companies, that they've purchased the supply of all of the houses, commoditized it, bundled it together, and have put the prices through the roof. Maybe that's the one of the reasons why the prices are high. I don't know, maybe the prices are so high as well, because all of these people have contributed to Donald Trump engage in price gouging frequently. By the way, you know what the oil companies are talking about now?


They don't wanna drill baby drill. You know why? Because they have enough oil. What they want to do is artificially suppress the supply to increase the demand so they can make more money. And they could focus on things like stock buybacks, because actually we've pretty much geologically drilled in a lot of the areas where, where they actually have the supply that they need. There's been more drilling in the Biden administration than in the Trump administration. So let's be fact-based. Let's talk about what's really going on here. And it may just be that Donald Trump, someone who's cared more about money than anything before and who's been a horrible manager of money.


Maybe he's conning you like, he's kind of on his entire life. But let's end it with this President Biden talking about his accomplishments as he did with me. And I think my interview with President Biden was the last one-on-one that he did as a video, last video interview. Yeah. That, that he did in his presidency. What an incredible honor. Not just for, for me, for the Midas mighty right here. The fact that this community, I I, I, I'm glad to be in that seat, but it was really the community in that seat, in the Roosevelt Room of the West Wing. But this is what he kind of told me too. And here he is in this foreign policy speech saying that his administration is leaving the next administration with a strong hand to play.


Let's play it. My administration is leaving the next administration with a very strong hand to play. And we're leaving them and America with more friends and stronger alliances whose adversaries are weaker and under pressure in America that once again is leading, uniting countries, setting the agenda, bringing others together behind our plans and visions in America, which is no longer war, which has made historic investments in American workers, American energies, many American factories generating the strongest economy in the world, which is now in a much better position to win the future against any competitor.


These winds are not partisan, they're American. They benefit all Americans and reflect America's endless capacity for leadership and reinvention. I'll show you this next clip right here. As President Biden talks about throughout his career, the world has undergone tremendous change. But let me share this with you. Lemme close to this. Like many of you, I've dedicated a significant portion of my career to our nation's foreign policy as Chair of the Foreign Relations Committee, as a senator, vice president for eight years, and now president of the United States.


I put together one of the most competent foreign policy teams, I would argue in American history, sitting in this room. And before my eyes throughout my career, the world has gone undergone tremendous change. But certain things have always held true at our best America leads. Not only by the example of our power, but the power of our example. In the past four years, we've used that power not to go it alone, but instead to bring countries together to increase shared security and prosperity, to stand up to aggression, to solve problems through diplomacy, wherever possible and relentlessly defend democracy, civil rights and human rights.


'cause that's who we are. That's who we are. You heard me say it many times before, we're the only country on earth founded an idea. Every other country is founded on geography, religion, ethnicity, or some other unifying factor. But America was built on idea, on an idea, literally not figuratively. That idea was all women, men are created equal. The idea that has inspired the world for 250 years and counting, we're always reaching to do better, always looking to the future, not our best, always seeking progress for our people and for people everywhere.


It's been the honor of my life to serve as your president today. I'm optimistic about our future, as optimistic as I've ever been, just said to who in the hell we are, per me says many times we're the United States of America for god's sake. There is nothing, nothing, nothing beyond our capacity if we do it together and commit to it. Nothing. So thank you all for all you've done. I hope many of you're gonna be staying in the next administration to keep this moving. May God bless you all and may God protect our troops. Thank you, thank you, thank you, Thank you.


That's, that's the guy they pushed out. That's the guy. Yeah. That, that the media pushed out that frankly the Democrats didn't defend anywhere strong enough. You know, that they should have. We, we history when, when it's written, and I'm confident that together we're gonna get through these next four years together. I I am. But we had the guy who was the, we had the guy, he was right there. We Had the guy, he had the guy Brett. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you know, president Biden obviously older, obviously very old, but, you know, knows what he's doing and, you know, is a, is a real statesman.


And you know, I think when he is not an office anymore, you know, I think, I think we're gonna miss that. I think we're gonna miss that steady hand. I think we're gonna miss that defensive democracy. I think we're gonna miss that defense of our allies. And I think some folks are already seeing it now. And I think there will be a part of the country that will wake up down the road, you know, after all this chaos and, you know, these relentless attacks on our allies and when people realize that this is not, you know, America, what Donald Trump wants to take us to. But, you know, I I, I'm, I'm happy that President Biden got a chance to lay out his foreign policy, you know, achievements there, including his defense of, you know, getting out of Afghanistan. Which, you know, I mean, it is something that folks have asked for and, and wanted now for decades.


And, you know, and, and President Biden was the one who actually did it and, and took a giant political toll for doing so. Which by the way, probably discourages any other future presidents from leaving wars once we are in them, which I think is horrific. And then somehow Donald Trump tries to run as the peace candidate when President Biden is the one who actually got us out of all of our wars and just provided defense and other means to other countries, actually not presiding over a single war during his presidency in terms of American troops or anything. But, but yeah, no, I think, I think, you know, good, good speech there by President Biden to see Ben's interview with President Biden. We have the link in the description to this video.


If you've not watched it yet, please watch it now. If you have watched it, please remember to share that video on your social media. Send it to friends and family. It's such an honor to have kind of that historical record of that final interview with President Biden right here on the Midas Touch Network with you all. I think that's, you know, something I I I, I certainly take to heart. Once again, I want to thank everybody out there for your kind words for me and Ben, but I wanna ask you to send your thoughts and prayers and every, I don't know, the Republicans have turned that phrase into something that sounds so trite after like school shootings. But, but, but you could send your thoughts and prayers to, you know, all the other folks in, in LA who have, you know, really had devastating loss.


You know, our, our hearts are with, you know, everybody, this is a, a strong city, but this is a city that, you know, could use, you know, help right now. And it's great seeing folks come together here. And it's, it's great, you know, I know everybody you know, in the city appreciates seeing the outpouring of support that, that you all are, are, are, are showing and all the love. So I want wanted to thank you for that. We're gonna be hanging in here the next few days. We're supposed to get high winds. I'm getting all the warnings on my phones, more fire alerts, more high wind warnings. So we're just sitting tight hoping that everything is gonna be good. But we're gonna be here every day delivering news. We got the confirmation hearings. Tune in for the confirmation hearings, our coverage here on the Midas Touch Network.


Make sure you check out midas plus.com. Once again, read that story by Ron Philip Kowski. Excellent piece. Here's a screenshot for those watching my story and why I switched from Republican to Democrat by Ron Philip Kowski. Excellent piece. Midas Plus is our ad-free experience. We're also putting our ad free versions of these podcasts on Midas Plus. So you could check it out. If you wanna meet us face-to-face, you could do that on patreon.com/midas touch, remember to check us out. And something that really helps us out a whole lot, like helps us out a ton, is if you go and Apple Podcasts or Spotify, whatever audio podcast app you use, if you go and you add the Midas Touch podcast on audio, even if you don't think you're gonna listen to it on audio, 'cause you watch it here, go add it.


And if you can leave us a five star review, that sort of thing really, really helps us compete with all the kind of right wing podcasts that typically dominate the charts. It's one of the reasons why we're in the mix, why we often beat them. And I wanna continue to grow in that space and continue to get our messages out in a bigger, with a bigger megaphone than they are. We have, we need to combat the lies, folks. We need to combat the disinformation. We need to lead with honesty, with integrity, with positivity. And that's, I think, one of the main missions of this community. So let's all, let's all do that together. And then I'll just remind people about the event tomorrow or today, January 14th, 1230 pm at 1146 East Green Street in Pasadena.


If you're from the area, we'll have free In-N-Out burgers, also a bunch of other free food Gatorade drinks. Again, only if it's safe, you know, show up. Just you can quickly, you know, grab some, grab a free meal if you're here. First responders, police officers, firefighters, anyone impacted come by. I'm gonna try to stop by at some point tomorrow. I, I don't want to be a distraction if I'm, so I, I, I'll stop by for, you know, potentially for a little bit if I can. Although this is my first week of teaching at, at USC. And so I had classes today and I, I figure out where I'm Doing, but I, if, if you need it, of course it is for, it's for the people impacted.


So if you don't, don't just go 'cause you want a free burger, but if you're, if you've been impacted, if you're a first responder, police firefighters, you know, you know, we're, we're trying to help out, you know, as best we can. So it's been great to be able to partner here with, with Mendez and Sanchez to, you know, get some inn out burgers and, and if we run into those, we'll have some pizza and stuff, just, you know, try and do, you know, e everything that we can, you know, right, right, right now in this moment while we also kind of try to, you know, figure out our own safety and, and all that. So thank you everybody. You know, I, I just, I'm so grateful, you know, for everybody. It's been quite, quite the week, quite the week and a half, whatever it's been. I don't even know. I have no time, but, but I'm, but I'm thankful for everybody.


I have so much love for you all. And, And thanks. Shout out to the Midas my day. Hey, Midas mighty, love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us now.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.