
When the game tips off the NBA action is just beginning on FanDuel America's number one Sportsbook. Because FanDuel is your home for NBA live betting however you wanna play, now is the perfect time to join. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA 21 Plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Let's get right into it. Folks. On the Midas Touch Podcast, I wanna remind you from the very beginning what it was that Donald Trump was saying repeatedly on the campaign trail that corporate media and propaganda promoted over and over again. He said that prices will start to decrease immediately on day one. Here's what he said, play the clip. So when I went, I will immediately bring prices down. Starting on day one. We will end Kamala's war on American energy and we will drill, baby drill. We're gonna drill. I just want to come with receipts like this, receipt over here, and I could show you hundreds of clips like this where Donald Trump said that there would be peace in Ukraine on day one.


He said specifically that he would bring Putin and Zelensky into a room together and they would have a deal within 24 hours. In fact, even before he took office, he said if he were to win the election, a deal would just be made during the transition period. Here, play it and you'll, you'll see the receipts, end The war in Ukraine in 24 hours. Yes, I do. How would you do that? I know Zelinsky very well. I'll end that war between those two countries in 24 hours. It won't even take that long. Okay, well let's look at headlines like this. Major Trouble for Donald Trump in new polling. This comes from the Economist u gov poll, which now has his approval rating dropping to 46%, which I still think is pretty high.


And you're probably like, yeah, that's still a little too high. It should be noted though, that this is still supposed to be the honeymoon period for someone. 'cause they literally just won and they are pushing the propaganda like crazy and it's not working. You know, where he's losing a lot of support with actually young people. About 37% now is what his approval rating is amongst young people. It's very, very low. As young voters who he tricked are now saying, wait a minute, you're literally just screwed us and you lied to us. This is the Wall Street Journal headline as well. Trump voters splinter over his rapid shakeup of Washington. And then there are quotes like this in this article.


I feel so stupid. Guilty, regretful. Embarrassed. It's a huge one. I am absolutely embarrassed that I voted for Donald Trump. Yeah, you should be. This is what Donald Trump was doing this past weekend. While there was horrific storms in Kentucky and Virginia and West Virginia took the lives of at least nine or 10 people in Kentucky, and our hearts go out to everybody there. Donald Trump was spending millions of dollars in taxpayer money going to the Daytona of 500. This followed Donald Trump going to the Super Bowl the prior week. He just goes to every sporting event now, and he flies Air Force one around, and he takes the motorcade around again, wasting millions of taxpayer dollars while Kentucky and West Virginia, Virginia, Arkansas, also Tennessee, were suffering and literally underwater.


Trump took the motorcade and went around in circles on the track. He was also posting all weekend things like this. He who saves his country violates no law quote, attributed to Napoleon, which is an interesting photo and quote for him to pick one, not just for, its just reckless unlawfulness, but also as Donald Trump threatens Europe the way he does. There's an emergency meeting today in Europe called by French President Emmanuel Macron, to respond to the fact that Donald Trump has cut out Europe and Ukraine and is pursuing just direct negotiations with Serge Lavrov and Vladimir Putin in Saudi Arabia.


Russia's foreign minister, Lavrov is there meeting with the United States Secretary of State, Marco Rubio. And again, they're intentionally cutting out Europe and Ukraine who are impacted the most. And of course, this also follows a devastating appearance by the United States and Europe and the Munich Conference where JD Vance attacked all of the European democracies and then the Trump delegation tried to get Zelinsky to sign a piece of paper turning over all of the rare earth minerals in Ukraine to the United States and Donald Trump without any security guarantees. Fortunately, Zelinsky said, absolutely not. Oh yeah, by the way, what Trump was posting that quote, he who saves his country violates no law too, was an article about how federal judges were ruling against some of Donald Trump's lawlessness.


So Trump indicating that he was not going to follow court orders. And then when Donald Trump left the Daytona 500 event, wasting millions of taxpayer dollars calling Doge, where are you? Oh, lying about condoms and Gaza or whatever. Then Donald Trump talked about egg prices reaching an all time high. And of course, the liar, guess what he lied to? Donald Trump said, well, the prices were much higher at an all time high before I got here. Here Play this clip. Prices have Reached an all time high. What's your definit? Which is what? Egg prices have reached an all time high. Well, This was a flu. It was a long before I ever got here. It was at an all time this distance. Remember I've been here for three weeks and when you saw the Inflation numbers, I've been here for three weeks.


I have had nothing to do with Inflation. This was caused by Biden. I had four years of virtually no Inflation. So I'm just taking over. But I'll tell you what, this country has made more progress in the last three weeks that it's made in the last four years. Okay? Liar, liar, pants on fire or America on fire. And it's actually very serious Europe on fire. It's very serious Asia on fire with some of the reckless statements that have been made by the Trump regime. Let's bring in Brett and Jordy. A little long buildup right there. But I thought it was important that I show those receipts right at the outset and get into it because prices are going way up.


Housing less affordable. Trump is causing major, major problems quicker than anyone. Even anticipated. Receipts are more important than ever, especially when we have this disinformation echo chamber that's pumping out, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie. I think it's important that we all flood the zone with the truth as they flood the zone with shit. To steal a phrase from Steve Bannon, it's never been more important than to do that. So I appreciate you kicking off the show that way. And the truth is, is that that is cutting through right now as we're seeing in this polling that we'll go through and in some more detail in a little bit. But it's really interesting to see the dynamics already shifting and you see that the people are now rising up. And I know corporate media doesn't really wanna cover like the protests and stuff that's going on.


They're also massive protests today throughout the entire country. President's Day protests of, of voters of Americans concerned, Americans going out there, protesting the Trump administration, protesting Doge. So I wanna, I'm just standing in solidarity with all those protestors and I think we are seeing the American people now rising up. We are seeing even people who voted for Donald Trump, who weren't maybe following the election super closely and just heard the lies that we were showing just before. Now they're seeing the reality. It's one thing to blame and just to say, this person sucks. That person sucks. This person's a disaster. This thing's that, this thing's this person's fault, that person's fault. Once you're in charge, you don't get that luxury to be able to do that.


The buck stops with you whether Donald Trump wants to admit it or not. So he needs to take responsibility for everything that is going on. And I think it is up to the people to hold him accountable and to hold him responsible. And I know that's what we're gonna do here every single day. Jordy, what's new on your end? Liking that outfit. Looking good today. Thanks B Yeah, no stoked, excited to get into the show. I mean, it is just bananas, right? As we say, Donald Trump is the weapon of mass distraction. Ben, I I, I like that term that you use as people's attention spans continue to get shorter and shorter. I think it's more important than ever that the receipts that we bring to the table are presented in a way that is just clear as that.


I'm sorry you guys mellow or not, or Yeah, you got, you got, you got very angry. Your dog's very angry about what's going on. That's for sure. That's what you get here on the Minus Touch podcast, Benji. Well, look, Donald Trump is a sexual assaulter and he is an abuser. And if you've had abusers in your life, you know that they engage in torture, psychological torture, and then they try to kind of worm their way back into your life or distracted from the torture to be like, you remember when things were good. You remember all of these things. You, you know, the type of manipulation, you always have to look at the pathology of Donald Trump as an abuser. He's also a reckless individual and a bankrupt and a destroyer of things.


And his pathology always shows. But with that abusive mentality, he now wants to take all of the symbols of our great country and our great democracy and then just use that with all this reckless spending showing up at all of the events. Look, it's a big deal when you see Air Force one flying overhead, just that's a big deal. Or when you see the motorcade, it does make you in the past feel patriotic about things. He knows that, but he's an abuser and he's using it to distract you from all of those receipts I showed you at the outset that prices are going up, up, up.


Inflation is going to surge again. By the way, later in the show, I've got a, I would not call it a treat because it's bad for America, but I got something no one else is talking about, which is I read the Trump Media annual report for True Social. I read the whole report, hundreds of pages, and yes, it did show that the company only earned about $3.6 million in total revenue. Not profit, not ebitda. 3.6 million in total revenue and it lost over $400 million. But there's a whole section, we'll talk about it later, about how surging Inflation is going to be very harmful for the future prospects of Trump media.


They're admitting it in their own financials that Trump inflation's going to hurt Trump media. He's blaming the failure of his company on the failure of his presidency. So we'll get there, but let me show you what the propaganda machine is trying to do. They're trying to pull on the heartstrings of people who like these symbols of patriotism. So they bring on this guy Doug Bergham, right out of central casting. Also a guy worth hundreds of millions, potentially billions of dollars on Donald Trump's cabinet. He's the Secretary of the Interior and he goes full North Korea. And he goes, how powerful was that image, seeing the beast and the motorcade circle around the track of the Daytona 500 America's back baby here Play this clip.


When we saw him take that victory lap of sorts going around the track, he seemed to be digging it Well. Well, Steve watching President Trump in the beast leading the pay guard, leading a field of the most talented drivers in the world, kicking off the entire NASCAR season for America. When he was doing that, it reminded me of how he's actually leading the world right now. You know, I had an opportunity to be with him, with the Prime Minister Modi from India with the Prime Minister of Japan. And the world is looking to President Trump for his leadership and he's out in front and everybody's following is the lead. And wow is that great for America and great for the world.


Literally nobody is following his lead. Even Hamas is not following Donald Trump's threats. Hamas views Donald Trump's threats as all bark, no bite. 'cause remember over the weekend, Donald Trump set that deadline that if Hamas, you don't return all of these Israeli hostages by noon on Saturday, all hell is going to break loose. And all Hamas did was return the three hostages. It was supposed to under the ceasefire deal that former President Biden negotiated. Then Donald Trump was like, well then Netanyahu will unleash the hell. I mean, they already did basically before and, and now there was no new action that Netanyahu actually took difference.


So Hamas and Netanyahu basically both just kind of ignored Donald Trump. And we saw Donald Trump's fake deals with Canada. Donald Trump's fake deals with Mexico and Panama and others. But these fake deals have left the world hating and despising the United States and showing such weakness that in the next segment we will also talk about this emergency meeting in Europe. That Europe realizes that America's isolated and they're gone. And America's basically no longer even a reliable ally or an ally at all. Brett. It's a pattern that we've now been seeing a lot. I think honestly, throughout knowing Donald Trump in general as a politician in this country, but especially in these first two weeks of his first few weeks of his new administration, I, you know, I, I know in the beginning we, we were starting to call this the rug pull presidency.


I think that certainly still applies. I'm gonna add one more name to this presidency and I'm gonna call it the paper Straw presidency. Because what I think Donald Trump is doing is a whole lot of symbolic actions that get people's kind of lizard brains going. Whether it be the De Daytona 500 Drive in the Beast Drive, you know, flying Air Force One, whether it be, yeah, let's change Gulf of Mexico to Gulf of America, America F yeah, let's go. Whether it's the plastic, the plastic straw bands, all that sort of stuff plays to people's kind of lizard brains in a way, but isn't doing anything to actually help people's lives. While he's doing all that stuff. He's raiding the government, he's having his Elon Musk lack.


He's go through your social security accounts, go through your Medicaid, go through your tax filings, your bank account info, all this stuff. He's trying to pass laws or bills to give four and a half trillion dollars in tax cuts to the billionaires, to the richest Americans, by the way, in that tax proposal that right now Republicans are kicking around no tax on tips, that's nowhere to be found in it. What were some of the other policies? No tax. No tax tax on Overtime. Not there, none, no tax on social security. Not there. None of that's there. But you know what is there massive tax cuts for billionaires? But guess what, you get to say Gulf of America now you get to say, yeah, it's the beast, the paper straw presidency. That is what I am seeing so far.


And I think it in this concept is that concept of all bark no bite. But I think the important thing is, is that even though it is a paper straw presidency, that those actions and the stupidity of his actions, especially when it comes to the global stage, have real world ramifications as we continue to see, like, I'm not sure if the audience out there saw any of that Canada USA game, but you saw Canada once again booing, you know, I know some of our Canadian viewers say we're not booing America or the United States, we're booing specifically the administration. So I'll, I'll make the nuance there, booing the administration, what our country is doing under its new government right now, loudly booing. Then you see the unification of countries like Canada and shout out to Canada.


We stand in solidarity with all of our Canadian viewers and listeners, but seeing absolutely Canada during their national anthem, all singing unison, regardless of political parties standing arm in arm, seeing Trudeau at that game. Like you're seeing the world right now uniting around us and in many ways boxing America out because America has boxed the world out. So you see this reciprocal, alright, you don't want us, well, we don't want you either. And I think Europe is trying to find ways right now to work with us in productive ways for the betterment of global security. But Donald Trump keeps saying F you to them. And so we're in a situation now where the US due to Donald Trump's actions is basically more allied right now with Russia and with a lot of these other countries that would normally be considered our adversaries while you have the eu, Canada, Mexico, all these other countries uniting basically against us.


And you know, If you really want, want to get into it, Yeah, it looks like you have, lemme say this, J it looks like Bre Kelsey a second. Looks like you have Ukraine and Europe, the democracies in Europe, at least on one side. And now you have like Trump and Putin and Lavrov on the other side. You have spineless Republicans pretending that that's not the dynamic and that it's all part of some four dimensional chess, which is not, which is not happening. And then you've got 74, 75 plus million of Americans who voted against Trump 'cause he got less than 50% of the vote, basically saying, what in the world is going on while Republicans continue the charade?


Jordy, sorry. No, it just, it, it's so infuriating to me to watch, you know, the person who sits at the highest, you know, chair of leadership, a a as POTUS in this country, do literal victory lap at the Daytona 500, or show up to the Super Bowl and have Fox do a zoom in on him. He is the ultimate, Trump is the ultimate me guy. I've never seen someone makes any situation more about them than what people are there and gathered to do other than Donald Trump whenever he shows up and sticks his face, well, frankly, quite everywhere, he's not working like this is, this is the misconception that, that I think might be out there that I, I'm excited to sort of dispel in the show just because he's doing these weirdo victory laps and the beast at the Daytona 500 showing up at the Super Bowl.


That's literally the opposite of working. He's just putting his face out there. He, He, he, well, Jordy, I'm reminded by, you know, Kendrick Lamar who performed at the Super Bowl, his song, be humble, be humble, sit down, right? Be humble. That used to be humility used to be part of a quality of leadership, especially at the highest levels of government, the same type of leadership that used to value speaking softly or walking softly and carrying a big stick. Everybody knows that America was powerful, but you exercised power surgically and strategically and not recklessly with being all bark and no bite.


And so literally everything Trump does is counterintuitive and very harmful. It shows utter weakness and it's masquerading as stripe. But here's the thing, corporate media covers politics, the way sporting events are covered. And If you think about the way sporting events are covered, there's a reason why you have announcers sometimes, right? They're supposed to be the experts who tell you what's happening accurately and maybe try to guess what's gonna happen in the future and kind of narrate the event. The way corporate media treats politics is like the sporting event, but then they put their finger on the scales and then they have their announcers affirmatively interfering with the game and telling you things that are happening that are not actually happening before you.


And one of the goals of the Midas Touch Network is to deconstruct that propaganda and reconstruct the truth to say, look at all of the lies that they're telling you, here's actually what's going on. Because they wanna focus on, oh, what an incredible patriotic event it was at the Daytona of 500. What don't they want to talk about is that in states like Kentucky and in states like Virginia and West Virginia, people were dying and Donald Trump didn't say crap about what was happening while he was there saying, look, victory. Victory, they wanna show you things like this Magar Republican representative Claudia Tenney unveils the bill to designate Trump's birthday as a public holiday.


You've got Donald Trump making posts on President's Day, by the way, I guess today is President's Day at this point. We shout out to all the prior presidents before this piece of crap right now in the Oval Office. And you've got Donald Trump posting his mugshot photo on President's Day and next to his official portrait with a quote that says, they're not after me, they're after you. I'm just standing in the way. Happy President's Day. And then there's another post attached to that which shows that he has posted his criminal mugshot right by the Oval Office. That's his President's Day message, and they wanna distract you.


That's why at the outset, where do I focus this show on prices are going up right now. Housing is not more affordable. All of Donald Trump's things that he promised were lies and they wanna distract you from it, right? Yeah. And Trump, you know, sent like overnight something like 14 posts bragging about his appearance at the Daytona 500, not a single post about any of the disasters. And you know, from what I hear also, like I'm not sure they're doing the individual assistance either, that people have become accustomed to in the past with this, with these storms. Remember, like, it, it was always the thing, the the propaganda move that the Trumpers would always latch onto would be the whole concept of, oh, Biden is only giving the people of North Carolina $750.


What the hell? That's it. I'm, I'm sending X amount of dollars to Ukraine and you're only giving them seven 50. That was the law passed by Congress for immediate assistance for fema. Well, guess what Donald Trump's doing? Apparently giving them $0. Nothing. Nothing, zero. Because when you go to the website right now for FEMA and you try to apply for individual assistance in these effective areas, it doesn't allow you to. And, and so congrats. I guess you went from seven 50 to seven 70 with the law at the end of the, at the beginning of the new year, and now it's down to zero. And, and no one's gonna talk about that, right? The, these right wingers aren't, aren't gonna talk about that. In fact, Donald Trump wants to dismantle FEMA entirely rather than actually use it to actually help the people in these places.


And then just the nerve of the gas lighting and the propaganda just with all these events is going to be so ratcheted up. But I think we're gonna continue now in these next few years, and I know that sounds like an eternity, but we're gonna continue to see the divide right now between the hyper online kind of Trumpers on Twitter, who are amplified by like Elon Musk's algorithms and actual real people in the world who have a true hatred for Trump and are being affected by him and their daily lives, including people who voted for him, like the Elon Musk, the Twitter that's always gonna be the same. But I think p sentiment, and we're already seeing it, is going to continue to shift the shift with Gen Z. Ben is one of the most wild things that I've seen.


Like you see right before the election Gen Z sentiment about Donald Trump, like Spike, spike, that's when Trump was on all those podcasts. He was out there post shooting, all all that stuff. Trump, gen Z spiked after the election plummeted pl like, like, like bottoming out and going down quickly. And I think it's just an interesting dynamic and it's also enlightening to kinda look at a new generation as well and see what their behavior patterns are. And I think we're seeing Gen Z appears to be pretty reactionary and, and, and they tend to, you know, they didn't know the Donald Trump of four years ago or eight years ago. They didn't grow up with that. Now they're getting to see what a Trump presidency actually looks like beyond the bluster, beyond the actual campaigning.


And guess what? They don't like it. They don't like that. All, all, all these advances that Biden actually made for them are now being taken away, whether it be student debt relief or whether it be these policies that they actually care about. I think they actually care about equality at the end of the day. I think they actually care about, you know, prices and they thought that Trump wasn't lying when he said all those things and, and now it's, it's all just coming out to be just a total fraud. Well, look, Donald Trump has made it very clear his priority is simply oligarchs and billionaires. The $4.5 trillion tax cut in the budget for the billionaires. There's nothing about no tax on tips in the budget. There's nothing about no tax on overtime in the budget. There's nothing about no tax on social security in the budget.


$880 billion in cuts to Medicaid, $250 billion in cuts to farmers and agriculture, 350 billion in cuts to education. Donald Trump trampling over the environment, which Gen Z does care about, and Gen Z feels like the rug has been pulled. There's reason for hope. I want to talk about that soon because I think that Donald Trump and Elon Musk thought by now they were going to bulldoze over all of us. They thought that at this point America would've submitted. They thought they controlled all of the media. I think they thought they would rule like dictators with their shock and awe plan, but they failed. And I think now their incompetence is showing and they're also now playing on the battlefield of a pissed off population of millions who are getting screwed by them every single day, which is why you see the protests growing, why you see Trump's unpopularity rising.


And I think it's going to hit a critical point sooner than even I expected. And it's important that we here at the Midas Touch Network remain part of the leadership of this opposition, of this resistance and being for something for democracy, love, empathy, and the truth. We're gonna have a special Zoom meeting with our Patreons on Thursday after our Thursday show. So if you aren't already a member of our Patreon, go to patreon.com/midas touch and we'd love for you to be at that meeting. If you ever wanted to ask me Brett and Jordy questions, we can talk about how the Midas Touch Network just passed 4 million Subscribe Meidas after our show from last Thursday.


Feel free to ask us anything. You can ask Jordy some tough questions as well. In addition, midas plus.com is where our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski cooks. If you ever wanted to see one of the best daily summaries of the week's events, go to midas plus.com. You can subscribe at first for free. We hope you become paid members because we don't have outside investors, so it helps with the growth of our independent media platform. So check that out as well. We'll take a quick break right now. We've got a lot of show left. Let's take our first quick break.


Millions of Americans grind or clench their teeth at night and most don't even know that they're doing it. I was one of them. If you have jaw pain or headaches after a night's sleep, there's a high chance you grind or clench your teeth. Teeth grinding, also known as bruxism or TMJ, is generally caused by stress and it can cause serious damage such as eroding away your enamel and broken teeth, which leads to expensive dental bills. The solution to protecting your teeth is a mouth guard, but mouth guards from the dentist can cost you around $500 to $800. The good news is that there's Remi. Remi makes dental grade professional quality mouth guards without the painful price tag. They're up to 80% cheaper of what you'd pay at the dentist and don't require you to visit a dental office. Remy's process is simple. They send you an at-home impression kit to create molds of your teeth. You send those back to Remy and Remy's dental team will make your custom fit guards and send them right back to you. Remy's guards are so comfortable to wear that, most customers forget they're even wearing them. Plus, with a 45 night satisfaction guarantee, you can try it, risk free sleep better, and decide if it's the perfect fit. If not, Remy's got you covered. Look, I've done the whole Remy process. It's phenomenal. Their team is incredible, the product is perfect. Definitely check it out If you fit this category. Remy is for anyone dealing with nighttime, grinding, clenching, or jaw pain. Who wants an affordable solution to protect their smile and say goodnight to jaw pain and headaches? Head to shop remy.com/midas and use code Midas to save up to 50%. That's 50% off at shop REM i.com/midas with code Midas give your teeth a break without breaking the bank with Remi. Thank you Remi for sponsoring this episode.


Your nighttime Bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. If you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you check out Miracle Made Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long. I get so many emails from the Midas Mighty saying how great Miracle Made sheets are and how it's changed their lives for the better. Here's why it uses silver infused fabrics inspired by nasa. So therefore, Miracle Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get better sleep every night. Now these sheets are also infused with silver, as I said, and that prevents up to 99.7% of bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. So no more gross odors. Also, miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without that high price tag of other luxury brands and it feels as nice to me, if not nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotel. So upgrade your sleep this year. Go to try miracle.com/midas, that's T-R-Y-M-I-R-A-C-L e.com/m EI ds to try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, If you order today, you can save over 40%. And If you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get a free three piece towel set and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So Upgrade your Sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE TOWEL SET and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


Let's go. Shout out to our sponsors links in descriptions of both YouTube and the audio. Use the links, use the codes, let them know we sent you. There's an exit survey, say the might Touch Brothers sent you. We'd really appreciate it. Benji, where to next? Brett, as you mentioned, Donald Trump gutting FEMA services. It should also be noted that in the great state of Georgia, their Republican governor, Brian Kemp requested supplemental FEMA assistance in the way of an extension of what Biden approved back in back in September of 2024, specifically for some additional debris removal caused by Hurricane Helene. So Kemp submitted it to Trump's fema.


Surprise surprise, FEMA denied it. Also, there's a Ruby Red Town in Tennessee that just experienced a pretty devastating tornado recently, and their leadership there has zero hope that there'll be any exemptions or any way that the Trump administration's FEMA is going to help their town out as well. Of course, we're also finding out in all of these red states or the red states are finding out, we were trying to tell them before they depend a lot on federal aid, whether it's the fact that the University of Alabama is the biggest employer in the state of Alabama, whether, for example in Huntsville, Alabama, there's an important kind of rocket facility there that relies on a lot of federal funding and research grants and federal dollars.


You can look at a lot of states that are experiencing this as well. You take a look at so many, you take a look at Louisiana, their workers, lots of federal workers losing their jobs there, lots of other workers losing their jobs. And so you know these magos, look at Washington DC and I think the unemployment claims are like skyrocketing right now in Washington DC and you're like, yeah, we're owning the deep state. You're destroying your own. First off, those were important workers on critical areas as well. So those people shouldn't have been fired. But also you're screwing over your own states in the process, and it's going to lead in a spike in unemployment, which I think we'll start to see as future unemployment reports nationally come in, which you can save the tape right here.


My prediction is going to be as it looks like there's gonna be months with job losses coming up, the Trump administration's going to try to stop those reports from coming out to prevent the data from reaching the people that the administration is losing jobs, which is going to create a situation. This is my prediction and my opinion, it's going to be even more harmful to the country. 'cause what's Donald Trump's view about everything, his view about everything is just, If you don't test, If you don't do the research and you just listen to dear leader, then you don't find out the bad things and you just consume the propaganda. This propaganda that's spreading in the United States by Trump and Fox would make North Korea blush.


I mean, it's some of the craziest stuff out there. Even Putin doesn't have his own national holiday for his birthday, and no one I think has proposed it there. But the Magar Republicans come up with, here's our new bill that we want to add. Donald Trump's face to Mount Rushmore. Here's our new bill to have the National Birthday Day of Donald Trump. I mean this group of spineless Republicans. Then they have the audacity, these spineless Republicans to go to Europe to meet with Zelensky and then give him a standing ovation. And people like Lindsey Graham and other Magar Republicans act like they've got his back while they empower Donald Trump. And then they try to gaslight us to say, you don't understand Donald Trump's doing the flattery of Putin as part of a grand master chest negotiating strategy.


This is how the deals get done. No, that's not how the deals get done. By the way, earlier in the day when Europe just had its emergency meeting in Paris, in France to deal with the fact that America is no longer really an ally to Europe anymore, and Europe needs to figure out is it gonna do a European army? Are they gonna put troops in Ukraine? They're strategizing right now. You have Elon Musk literally making posts praising Russia's foreign minister, Sergey Lavrov. And Musk says, this is what competent leadership looks like regarding Russia's foreign minister, Sergey Lavrov as Serge Lavrov meets with Marco Rubio in Riyadh in Saudi Arabia, while Donald Trump is playing golf all day in Mar-a-Lago.


Our editor in chief, Ron Phillip Kowski, I think had some great insight here he goes, what a coincidence that Trump announces the creation of a US sovereign Wealth fund. Two, he says he wants 50% of Ukraine's rare earth minerals. Three, he tried to have zelinsky transfer all of Ukraine's rare earth minerals into a reconstruction development fund. And four, the head of the Russian Sovereign Wealth Fund is part of the delegation with Marco Rubio in Saudi Arabia, where Donald Trump and Putin are having their people meet and intentionally cutting out Europe and Ukraine from the negotiations.


Here's how the independent reports it, Russia and us to meet for talks on Ukraine's future after sidelining European leaders gather for emergency summit rt. Russia's propaganda network absolutely loves it. US Secretary of State, Marco Rubio is in Saudi Arabia and expected to meet with Russia's foreign minister Lavrov on Tuesday. Compare that image to the image of the leaders in Europe, like France, president Emmanuel Macron meeting with the UK's Prime Minister Kire Starmer. I show this picture as well right here though. This is the photo of JD Vance from college.


Just just to look at this punk. If we have this photo of him wearing the CCP or wearing the USSR outfit, we'll try to get, I mean, this guy's just a punk his whole life. You know, he is, oh, I'm being funny, I'm being funny. This guy is an absolute punk. And I wanna share with you what President Zelinsky is saying today or over the weekend. Rather. Zelinsky is making it clear that Zelinsky, Ukraine and Europe standing by Zelinsky side, that they will never accept any decisions between the United States and Russia about Ukraine if they negotiate without Ukraine in the room here, Play this clip. The Thing that President Trump said this week, he did not say yes when he was asked if he sees Ukraine as an equal member in the peace process.


He did say later that Ukraine would have a seat at the table. Have you been given any assurances that Ukraine will have an equal seat at the negotiating table? So I will never accept any decisions between the United States and Russia about Ukraine never. And our people never, and our adults and children and everybody, it can't be. So this is the world in Ukraine against us and it's our human losses and we are thankful for all the support unity between USA in USA around Ukraine, support, bipartisan unity, bipartisan support.


We're thankful for all of this, but there is no any leader in the world who can really make a deal with putting without us about Us. Meanwhile, you had JD Vance at the Munich conference just attacking Europe repeatedly, basically saying that European democracies don't support free speech. He tried to promote Germans, Germany's neo-Nazi party, the A FD, and if there's some good news there, it seems the more Musk and JD Vance throw their arms around the a FD, the less support it seems. The A FD seems to get in some of the recent polling we're seeing there ahead of their elections. We're also seeing something similar happen in the UK as it's expected.


The front runner of the liberal part to take over from Justin Trudeau, a guy by the name of Mark Carney, used to be a leader of top banks in Canada and elsewhere. The polling right now from Main Street polling in Canada actually shows that the liberal party would be able to win the elections, party wide elections if Mark Carney was its leader and be able to form a government. That was never gonna be the case months ago. Let me just show you this clip of JD Vance and then Brett, I'll turn it over to you. Here's JD Vance at the Munich Conference attacking Europe. We're At the point of course that the, the situation has gotten so bad that this December remote Romania straight up canceled the results of a presidential election based on the flimsy suspicions of an intelligence agency and enormous pressure from its continental neighbors.


Now, as I understand it, the argument was that Russian disinformation had infected the Romanian elections, but I'd ask my European friends to have some perspective. You can believe it's wrong for Russia to buy social media advertisements to influence your elections. We certainly do. You can condemn it on the world stage even. But if your democracy can be destroyed with a few hundred thousand dollars of digital advertising from a foreign country, then it wasn't very strong to begin with. I think it was two people who clapped there, and that was the people who JD Vance brought along a humiliating display in Europe triggering an emergency meeting of European nations to basically say, America's done, America's lost.


America's no longer a real ally, maybe an ally in fake name only, but Europe needs to be in solidarity with itself. And, and Byebye America, JD Vance, JD Vance completely humiliated himself on the global stage and the entire country, quite frankly. And the reception that he got, I've heard from other people also just in Europe, that, that it was viewed just so negatively that people were mocking him, that people were deriding him, that it was like it's being talked about as if it were like one of the worst speeches ever given OO over there. Like, like of all time. Like, and, and, and it's also just incredibly offensive. Like to show up in someone's country, criticize them, note they never really have any criticism for Russia or any of our adversaries, but it's always attack Europe, attack these people in charge.


And, and, and, and so it's just like a, it's a weird new dynamic that we are seeing. But we've talked about this alliance of the autocrats overseas before here, and that's exactly what we're seeing play out right here. And I, I'm just gonna say JD Vance has zero right to lecture anybody about free speech whatsoever. I don't know how the, these right wing maga people got took this mantle of being like the free speech party when they are absolutely anything. But it, like, they, they're literally the opposite of that. But they just wanna be able to say like, racial slurs all the time and not get in trouble for it. So they call themselves the free speech party. It's such, it, it's such bullshit when you actually just break it down to think about like any kind of comedy show, any TV show, any musician who has tried to get canceled over the past few years, it's usually Republicans on the side of doing the canceling even just over the weekend.


There was the last night they, the SNL 50 and they did a, A-A-A-A-A sketch with Tom Hanks where Tom Hanks played a, a MAGA character named MAGA Doug, by the way, a character who he played in 2016. It was on their black jeopardy sketch. Maga got so offended, like they were crying about this all night and day. I've seen dozens and dozens of tweets saying that NBC should be arrest, they should be arrested, that Tom Hanks is isn't a good actor, right? That they should, this is vile, they should be taken off the air. No one watches anyway. And you're like, okay, so who are the snowflakes? You're getting mad about Maga Doug? That's that, that's, that's your whole thing. And then while you have them getting mad about cultural things like that, you have Elon Musk who's working on our government actually threatening news organizations with jail time because they're reporting on things he doesn't want them to report on.


So we saw Elon Musk even just within the past 24 hours, he had, he had a irony of two tweets back to back. The first was like, I, I wanna see if I could find it. The first tweet that he wrote was something along the lines of, let's see here it is. It was something along the lines of like, hit one of Hitler's first moves was to push, was to purge like the free speech here. One of the first things Hitler did upon gaining power was apply aggressive censorship. So he did that. 20 minutes later, 20 minutes after sending that tweet, he sends this tweet. 60 minutes are the biggest liars in the world. They engage in deliberate deception to interfere with the last election. They deserve a long prison sentence.


Just think about those back to back tweets and then just get a, you know, this isn't some random dude. This is a guy who is making major decisions about our government. Even if the Trump administration wants to lie to courts about what he's actually doing, he is obviously very intimately involved. He's also threatening, basically all the politicians in our country and kind of blackmailing them in many ways. He's holding his money over them, threatening that if they step out of line in any way and don't go along with everything they're doing, that he's gonna throw all their money at a primary challengers and things like that. So you have these Republicans who are running scared and it just speaks to the problem honestly, with money in our country, money in our politics, i, I I If you think about it, you know, just allowing money to be in our politics in the way that is being used right now is going to go down in history as the worst decision ever the Citizens United decision is going if it hasn't already yet.


And this is something that back in the day, p President Obama warned against like a lot and he sounded the alarm and he was definitely vindicated in sounding the alarm about this decision because it's, it's let the oligarch class, it's let people like Elon Musk use their money to dictate our elections, to control the outcomes, and to thread in our politicians. And I don't think that was ever how this was supposed to work in this country. A thousand percent. Brett, you wanna talk about weapon weaponization of the government. You remember when republicans were crying in that every day or every, you know, second look no further than what Elon Musk is doing. He quite literally bought his seat at the table. And that table just so happens to be in the Oval Office. I mean, when you look at Elon Musk taking questions from corporate media in the Oval Office, you know, standing next to Donald Trump as he did earlier last week, that's a terrifying site.


People look, they may have voted for Donald Trump, right? Not by, not by 50%, less than 50%, but sure as hell, nobody voted for Elon Musk. And now Elon Musk is seemingly making every decision that's impacting every single American and is quite frankly, you know, having devastating ramifications on this country and people's lives. It's terrifying to see play out. It's absolutely disgusting. And this has to be an indictment on the oligarchs and on Elon Musk. It's absolutely awful. We've got a lot to discuss. I want to talk about Donald Trump's awful annual stock report, which shows what a horrible business person he is. I want to connect that to what's going on in Argentina.


Mag's favorite politician, Javier Malay, who's embroiled in a crypto scam. Surprise, surprise. We'll talk about that. We've got a lot of other things to discuss as well. Wanna remind everybody? If you wanna meet Brett Jordy, and myself on Thursday, we'll be holding our Zoom meeting at patreon.com/midas touch P-A-T-R-E-O n.com/midas touch. Also, If you wanna check out some of the articles from our editor-in-chief Ron Koski, I often do a morning article as well. You go to midas plus.com for more there. We'll be right back after our last quick break of the show.


Muscles are vital for movement and play. A key role in supporting the vascular system. The calves often called the second heart, help pump blood against gravity, aiding circulation throughout the body. By using a standing desk and incorporating movement accessories, you are more likely to engage these muscles, promoting improved blood flow and overall health. If you work in front of a desk like I do, you've probably experienced the frustration of sitting for long periods. I seriously thought this would be be a lasting problem until I discovered this episode. Sponsor Uplift Desk. Uplift Desk is at the forefront of ergonomic solutions, promoting better posture and health through adjustable standing desks designed to help you live a healthier lifestyle. Plus they offer amazing accessories to keep you moving throughout the day. My personal favorite, the under the desk treadmill, which I have right here. It's a game changer for staying active while I work. Standing while I work, gives me more room to move, which gets my creative juices flowing and helps me stay productive. I'm more focused and I'm more alert, and I've noticed I have so much more energy throughout the day. The best part, Uplift Desk lets you customize your desk with more than 200,000 configurations to suit your style and needs. Their desk configurator helps you build a complete workstation, including storage, seating, and even wire management. Make this year yours by going to Uplift desk.com/midas and using our code Midas, that's M-E-I-D-A-S. To get four free accessories free, same day shipping, free returns, and industry leading 15 year warranty, covering your entire desk and an extra discount off your entire order. That's UPLI ft DES k.com/idas for a special offer only available at our link. Start 2025. Right stand, move, thrive with Uplift Desk.


I often get asked, what's the secret to how Midas Touch has grown so fast? I said, it's easy. It's the community, the Midas mighty number one. Then we have to make good content. Number three, we gotta have the business behind the business, the nuts and bolts that make it all work. And we use Shopify here at the Midas Touch Network. Nobody does selling better than Shopify. It's home of the number one checkout on the planet and the not so secret secret with Shop Pay. It boosts your conversions by up to 50%, meaning way less carts going abandoned and way more sales going down. So if you are into growing your business, your commerce platform, make it better today and sign up with Shopify. Join Shopify businesses that Sell More. Sell on Shopify. So here's what you gotta do, upgrade your business the way we did, and I want you to head to Shopify dot com slash midas. That's SHP if y.com/midas. Upgrade your selling today. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period right here. If you go to Shopify dot com slash midas, all lowercase, that's Shopify dot com slash midas and get that $1 per month trial period right now. Thanks Shopify.


For Years I've struggled with getting the sleep that I needed. It wasn't just about feeling Tired the next day it started To affect everything. My focus was off, my energy was low, and my mood, let's just say it wasn't great and you didn't wanna be around me. I tried so many things, sleeping pills, gummies, even teas, but nothing seemed to work. And then I found Beams Dream Powder. Now I know that sleep is the foundation of whole body health and when we get quality sleep, our minds and bodies perform at their best. It impacts everything. Focus, energy, mood, you name it. And that's why Dream is a game changer. Dream is a healthy science-backed hot cocoa for sleep that helps you ease into rest. It has flavors like sea salt, caramel, brownie batter, vanilla chai, and the original cinnamon cocoa each only 15 calories and zero grams of sugar. Seriously Better sleep has never tasted this good. What's Insided Dream is just as amazing as the taste. It's a blend of reishi magnesium, Athenian apigenin, and melatonin natural ingredients that help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up feeling refreshed. Now I'm telling you, it's made the difference in my routine and I wouldn't recommend it if I didn't love it so much. So if you're ready to upgrade your sleep head to shop beam.com/midas and use code Midas to Get up to 40% off your order. That's Shop Beam, S-H-O-P-B-E-A m.com/midas and use code Midas at checkout and Get up to 40% off today. I just gotta say Beam is absolutely delicious. Use the links in the description of YouTube and the audio. Check 'em out. They're fabulous


at Uplift desk. Brett, how you liking yours? Spoiler alert. The the, the B roll we show is actually Michael Pop's Uplift desk. So pretty cool. Wait, Wait, wait, wait for it. Wait for it. Wait for it. Wait. Ah, ah, No, The audio listen's. Brett is been down on his Uplift desk, right? Sure. I guess I, I guess I should say what I'm doing. So the audio listeners don't just hear me making rollercoaster noises. Whoa, whoa, whoa. And by the way, our audio podcast is at the top of the charts. Were either kind of one or two right after the New York Times daily. So if you can make sure our YouTube watchers subscribe on audio as well. It helps us in the audio ratings. All our audio listeners, make sure you subscribe to the Midas Touch YouTube channel.


Thank you for everybody making the Midas touch. Surpass 4 million Subscribe Meidas on our YouTube channel. We now march to five and then to 10 March. And as I said, we lead with our values and our principles with love, empathy, the truth. And we gotta bring people together now more than ever. And just speaking of the truth, I'm an objective data guy. I love data because data just is the data. It is, it is what it is. So for all of the people who are like, oh, Donald Trump is a great businessman, I like him because he's the businessman and and they say it like that. I'm not sure what that, I Like that Ben's adopting my impressions of men. Well That, that's it. So let's take a a look. Let's take a look at the businessman with the data.


So Trump's company that doesn't rely on NFTs or whatever, like this is a business, Trump media, which runs truth social. I'm not sure Donald Trump knows what a p and LA profit and loss statement is, or a balance sheet. But let's take a look at it right now. 'cause you'll see over the past year, Trump media lost $400 million, 400 more than $400 million lost in fiscal year 2024. Its entire revenue which dropped 12% from the previous year. If this is even possible, it's just $3.6 million.


I'm not talking about profit, I'm not talking about net or net net. I'm not talking about EBIT a, I'm talking about the entire revenue. All of the money brought in $3.6 million and it lost over $400 million. Now money doesn't just get lost, it goes somewhere. So we'll investigate and take a look at that. But when you take a look at Trump media, is it any different from how he's going to run the country? When you take a look at the $4.5 trillion tax cuts, as I've predicted before, and then now some fiscal hawks are saying it as well, this could cause over $25 trillion in debt over the next 10 years.


Go back a few months. 'cause I said, oh yeah, these economists are saying, oh, maybe he's gonna add 10 trillion, which is pretty freaking bad, by the way. Which was like way more than anyone of the top economists predicted. Kamala would. I said, y'all are crazy. Trump's gonna add 25 to $50 trillion of debt because he's gonna 10 x what he did last time I thought, and last time he did $8 trillion. So to me it wouldn't be shocking if last time it was 8 trillion and this time it's 80 trillion because that's what people like him do when they get away with it. The first time they do it again, think about the arsonist. He lights the match, he sets the country on fire.


Then he sees when the fire department AKA former President Biden tries to put out the fire. Whoa, you can just blame the fire department for the arson hum. Maybe next time I'll strike a bigger match and do a bigger fire, which is the dumpster fire we're watching now. But take a look at this report. I read hundreds of pages of this report, so you don't have to, there are just a few parts of it that I found interesting. I'll do a whole other video about it in the morning. So make sure all our viewers, you're checking out the Midas Touch YouTube channel throughout the day. If you haven't figured out, we post a new video about every 90 minutes starting at 4:00 AM Pacific, 7:00 AM Eastern, and then we go on a 90 minute schedule.


Sometimes we go on an hour schedule. You may have figured that out by now, but make sure you keep on checking back. Take a look at this Trump's own financial report. Inflation and global supply chain. This is what Trump says. Currently, the US economy is experiencing a bout of increased Inflation resulting in rising prices. And then it goes on to say, although Inflation had an impact us in previous years for the years ending in December 31st, 2024. 2023. In 2022, you mean the Biden years? Then it goes, we anticipate that Inflation will have an impact on our business going forward, including through a material increase in our cost of revenue and operating expense in the coming years, if not permanently continued or permanent rise in core costs could impact our growth negatively.


This is Trump's statement. Inflation did not hurt us in the years when Biden was in office, but now it's going to impact us in the years when I am in office, when Trump is in office. I'll, I'll do a a whole other hot take on this I don't need to cover. Now. There's a whole other section. A number of companies that were associated with Donald Trump have filed for bankruptcy. There's no assurances that Trump media will not also become bankrupt. And it goes, this went bankrupt. That went bankrupt. This went bankrupt. That went bankrupt. And there's another section, a number of companies that had license agreements with Donald Trump have failed. And it goes Trump stakes. Trump University, Trump Mortgage, LLC, Trump, this Trump, I I I tried doing a TikTok on this earlier reading through the report.


I thought it would be like a, a fairly quick read. It, it was like a five and a half or six minute TikTok. It was like, wait, because it was literally like listing all of Donald Trump's failures. Like, like this is one of the biggest self owns this document that I have seen in a while because It's a publicly traded company. There's a section that asks you, have you ever declared a bankruptcy or has another company you ran ever been shut down? So you have to respond Yes. Or else you automatically get sued into oblivion. So Trump realizes, well, I'm just gonna disclose it. And as he said, I can shoot somebody on Fifth Avenue and they'll still, you know, vote for me. So he goes, I'll still be able to basically drift off these people even when I tell them how bad of a business person I've been.


That's their calculation. But you look at the Trump meme coin, it's down 45% in the past month since he's been the president of the United. You have to like try, I think, to be that bad. If you're using the Oval Office and you're still failing at it, then that's The disc strenuous argument of, of Trump's a great businessman like that. That's the one for me that has always fallen flat. Like if you're saying, oh no, he's a businessman. I mean, I guess technically like he does business, but not Well, you arguing can't be like the like, oh, he plays quarterback. Yeah, well he played peewee quarterback Don't star for Kansas City is unbelievable. I mean, this is, this Is, yeah. Or, or, or, or he has a, he has a quarter and he has a back and sees a quarter back, but it's like, okay, but he doesn't actually play the, like he's real, our sports analogy.


Get a little wonky on the show. Oh, exactly. So, you know, it is, it's, it's, it's improv baby. That's what we do on the Midas Touch by network. Then the Melania Bitcoin or meme coin, whatever the hell you call it, down 82%. And it's called Melania because it's dollar sign Melania. And they were too dumb to even realize it's Melania. But could we go to the guy who was one of the backers of the Melania coin? It, it's this guy over here. What's this? Davey, Dave? I'm trying to remember what this guy's name is this this? Yeah. Hayden Mark. Yeah, Hayden Davis is this guy's name. Here's the guy. So here's one of the guys who helped the Melania coin and he is also one of the guys behind Dollar Sign, Libra, which was this coin that was hyped up by Argentina's president Malay, which was a, which appears to be another major rug pull where it went.


Went up to a $4.5 billion market cap. After Argentina's president says, liberal Argentina grows. The private project will be dedicated to encouraging the growth of the Argentina economy by funding small Argentine businesses and startups. The world wants to invest in Argentina long live freedom. Dammit. I was Gonna say, Ben, if I saw this, if I saw this on Twitter or social media, I would just assume right off the bat they got hacked, right? Like, because this is how the hacks looked. They, they got, this person got hacked. Clearly a fake, clearly somebody just scamming people. But it's stunning that this is now a legitimate thing that I guess all these MAGA leaders have to do. They all have to grift off their followers.


So now you have the Argentinian leader, Malay basically doing what Donald Trump did, and now he's embroiled in this massive scandal in his own country. There could be like impeachment hearings now on, on him out there. 'cause people are furious, people lost their money. It's just like the fact that people throughout the world right now don't realize that they are being rug pooled by these greedy G Griffy leaders is just baffles me. How do you fall for this con Do we have the video of this goofy dude Brett, this Hayden Davis. He made a, he made a selfie video with this guy and he's like, I do want to announce I am the, I am the advisor to Javier Malay. It was not a rug pull, it was just, it did not go as planned.


This is the guy who was advising the ma Magda sweetheart Javier Malay, who's overseeing a massive poverty rate in Argentina, who now may face impeachment in Argentina over screwing over his people here Play this clip. Hey guys, my name's Hayden. I know there's tons of frustrations. I've had tons of crazy text messages on my phone. I'm here to set the records straight, both because there were things that were in and out of my control. I was only a part of what's happened with Libra. But also I want to just shed a little bit more light and let you guys at least see my face because a lot of people that have been involved with this launch have gone either silent or are nowhere to be found.


And I wanna make sure there's a accountability and b, a structure going forward so that people don't feel screwed over. And, and I do believe there's actually an amazing way forward if people are open to it before I say anything else. I am indeed Javier Malays advisor. Obviously I think most of you guys have seen that either on Twitter or some, some form of social media. I am working with him and his team on much bigger tokenization and really cool stuff in Argentina, and I absolutely back him. What happened with Libra? I think there's many things I could say. There's only certain elements that I could control. The launch definitely things didn't go according to You guys. You, you, you.


That's one of the most batt things. And I listen, I I I, it's the first time I've actually watched the clip through th that's one of the most batt things I've ever seen in my life. And by the way, if you're listening to this right now, try to check out the video podcast because you gotta see what the guy looks like also, it just brings the whole thing together. Yeah, Like Star Trek, the guy dressed like a Star Trek. Wait, are we back? So, okay, let me make it clear. If bullying's allowed when YouTube, it's Like Star Trek, that's actually could be construed as a compliment. I'm just That's fair. Also look like his is photoshopped on His body. Jody, all I'm saying is that people should watch the video and make their own judgments about this individual. I'm not passing judgment. I'm saying you watch this, I don't think that leaders of country should have rug pool, rug pool, crypto advisors.


And as any of these meme coins ever worked out, has anybody ever been like, I'm really happy I invested in that hawk to a coin. That was a, that was a smart move by me. It's like, what you don't Understand, Brett, the token. Brett the tokenization. You have to tokenize that. And then once you, once you have the hybrid with Brett, here's the thing. Jordy, Jody, here's the thing. You take a little bit of Solano, you take your Solano and then you merge it with a little bit of BTC and then you tokenize it and then it's all about the tokenization economics here, by The way, this is the crap that the Biden administration was trying to stop by the way. Like, like when, when, when, when they try to act like the Biden administration, Democrats are anti crypto.


There may be people who are anti crypto, but they weren't anti crypto like the Biden administration and top Democrats on this issue. They were anti doing this. They were antis scamming people. They wanted sensible regulations the same way that all markets have sensible regulations to prevent people from being scammed like this. And now we have a president who, and these presidents across the world now who are in in alliance with him, I guess, who are now using scam tactics in order to steal money from people. I mean, it's, it's the craziest, it's the craziest that video is out of control. It is gonna be for like a very specific gen.


But do you guys remember like Instagram 1.0 when the, you would get hacked and you would get those aviator like ads, like, like clip this link and, and, and get free aviators in my bio. Now we're just seeing this play out with politicians globally and these meme coins, Ben and Brett, they do work that people do get rich off of them. You know who though? The people doing the scamming and the people with the base that is foolish enough to all buy in and then they pull the rug and they make all the money and they're like, how did that happen? I can't believe it happened with this coin. Next time we're gonna get it right. We're gonna get it right next time. Just trust me. Melania gonna be Melania. I think one of the interesting things though is seeing like how the rest of the free world is reacting to the United States.


Yeah. Because we have our propaganda centers here and let's not get it twisted. I mean this is full on state propaganda. What we have right now, we have these billionaires owning these social media networks controlling the flow of information. We have Fox and OAN and Newsmax and all these channels. And the corporate media isn't much better to be honest. It's a full, we're, we're in like a a, a country that is state TV country right now. But when people like JD Vance and Donald Trump, and when they go overseas and actually have to speak in front of people who haven't been affected infected by this disease, they look and sound fricking nuts because they are. And like the comparison I made when I was talking to Ben the other day, I said, you know what it reminds me of, you know, it's always sunny in Philadelphia, the show you guys, you do, you guys, anyone who watches us watch, its always sunny in Philadelphia.


There may be a small sliver of overlap there, but it's, and it's always sunny in Philadelphia when they're crazy in the bar, it's one thing and they feed off their crazy energy, right? Once they leave the bar and it's always sunny and go into the real world, that's when the real pandemonium breaks out. And that's when the differences between their crazy and the actual normal world come to a head. And I feel like Donald Trump and JD Vance are living this. It's always sunny in Philadelphia, kind of these episodes where they then go overseas and they look like animals, like they look like just psychopaths to these countries. Then they don't get applauded. Everyone gets offended because they're just like lunatics when that propaganda structure isn't there when they don't have Twitter to rely upon and, and all these various things.


It really, it's an emperor has no closed situation and those clothes come off like very quickly. Jordy talks about Instagram 1.0 with the aviator glasses. Frankly, I have no clue that reference, Brett, I That's why it wasn't for your Jen Brett. I mean I had Instagram version 1.0 I think with those weird filters. I wasn't sure of what I was taking photos of though. And it was, anyway, Brett, Brett sunny in Philadelphia, but it's almost like JD Vance like walked into that room and like literally just took a crap in front of everybody. Like, and people were like, literally like, dude did you just crap on the floor in front of like, you know, and JD Vance was like, what?


That's not what we do here. I mean, people were absolutely could be immature sometimes. Like, people were like, just like the F word, the what did he just did? He literally just poop on the floor, right? Y'all, y you'll you'll see this. He just gets pooped on stage. You actually, you see this like, it's a combination of like horrified just and like dis and like disgusted by him. Alright, I, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna land this plane while they're still, I'm gonna land this plane while the FAA still has some people right here, you know, and, and, and, and try to, and try to bring and try to bring this home right here. But by the way, there is absolutely total chaos and pandemonium and it's not a accident right here that the, in an accident, I guess I'll continue the pun right here.


Yeah, I was gonna say, let me show you right here. This deep, alright, this deep in this, okay, these, it's not an accident when you put these people in charge, the horrific outcomes that we're seeing, right? Inflation is already heating up right here. The Bureau of Labor statistics right here are showing like, just look at this stuff like these, this is awful data going back to the objective. Data Inflation is heating up. Americans are down on the economy again. Households are bracing for another bump in Inflation. America's now expect that inflation's gonna go up to 4.3%. Retail sales are falling more than expected. Gas prices are going back up in west Texas.


There's a measles outbreak right now. And as you just look through other objective data, like what's going on, what they're firing people at the CDC right now, CDCs epidemic intelligence service workers are getting laid off right now. Like, literally like the disease detectives are getting fired right now. Over a thousand of the probationary workers are being let go. These are some of the epidemic intelligence services. They, these are recruits who are some of the brightest public health leaders in the field right now? No. And they're literally firing FAA people over and over again.


And in Canada, you know, shout out to the first responders in Canada who are dealing with another crash. But it just seems like every week we're dealing with like a plane crash. There's been four deadly plane crashes. I know there are some people in critical condition in Canada. So our heart goes out to, you know, some of the people there. And, and thanks to all the work of the first responders, fortunately at least as of this recording, I don't know of any deaths, but, but some serious injuries. And then you have headlines like this. Trump fires hundreds of the FAA despite four deadly crashes under his watch. Doge is now creating a doge IRS account. And all of the agencies now have accounts like do this is what they, it's like a public Twitter account.


Doge is seeking help from the public. Please DM this account with insights on finding and fixing waste, fraud and abuse relating to the IRS. Like what the hell? Like that's how we're dealing with like the IRS. It's like people on Twitter Posting that on Twitter is also the way to get like the most batt crazy conspiracy theorists, you know, who are Elon's people with this sort of stuff. And this is, as Elon Musk's team is gaining access to all of the private tax data they're sending their team in, like literally the system that does the audits, that sends out collection notices or when not to send out collection notices that the doja seeking access to your personal taxpayer data.


So like we know that Trump barely paid any taxes at all. Some years he paid no tax. Some he paid the filing fee of $750. You know, we, we, we know that Trump fought not to have his taxes released. Like let's give it to the billionaires who don't want to pay taxes. So You're gonna raise Trump. Trump tried to, Trump fought all the way to the Supreme Court to not release his taxes. And now he has Elon Musk and his people going rummaging through your rum, rummaging through your financial data, rummaging through your bank accounts and all this stuff. And then there's the fiasco that happened late last week where he fired like 350 people at the nuclear security administration. And turns out they're like the people who work on our most sensitive nuclear weapons and warheads and things like that.


And then they were told after the fact, like, those are the people who like handle our nukes. And they were like, oh shit, really? And then they tried to contact them and then they realized they didn't have their personal contact information 'cause they shut off their email addresses and then they had to rush to try to rehire them back. They rehired like all but I think 28 people back and like, like we were saying earlier in the episode, the jobs like that also, they're not like jobs in DC per se. Like, like a lot of those jobs, 30% of them, That job, Brett, most of those were in Amarillo, Texas. A Amarillo, Texas, yeah, Publican in Red district. Ronnie Jackson. Yeah, Ronnie Jackson, district Amarillo, Texas. And I think 30% of the people fired were from there. And, and they like work on our nuclear warheads. And so they had to like desperately work to get 'em back.


And it's the, it's the thing with this whole doge, you know, scam that they're pulling on people, you know, do you want a more efficient government? Yes. Like, like I think everybody should want a more efficient government. It's stuff that we pushed here in the past also should, could government agencies all be audited? Sure. That that doesn't bother me whatsoever. Should just decisions be being made without even looking into what the issues are? Absolutely not. Should you just turn off the lights on people, fire people, fire all probationary employees when a lot of those probationary employees are either new hires who are going to be the future of these administrations, or B, are people who recently got promoted. So technically could be like your best people who just got promoted and are on a probationary period now you're gonna get rid of them.


There's no thought being put into this. I know there's that Silicon Valley phrase that's some something like move quickly and break stuff and that's how they do things in Silicon Valley. But it's one thing when you do it on Twitter and all of a sudden you have trouble sending a dm. It's another, when you fire the people who are overseeing our nuclear weapons arsenal. I'm not okay with breaking stuff when it comes to that. How about investigate, do the research and then fine tune it. That's how this sort of operation should be and it's not what we're seeing. And then finally, what's really going on? Jordy Sar And to your point exactly, sorry, this move fast and break things. That's the expression. And to your point exactly Doge, right? This isn't Twitter, this isn't when Elon Musk bought Twitter and then cleaned house and then Twitter, the replies weren't working and you couldn't link in tweets and you couldn't share things properly because the people weren't installed to operate because you got rid of everybody.


This is not Twitter, this is the government. And now this is what happens when you oligarch buy their seat at the table. That happens to be the Oval Office and the seat at the, in the Oval Office. And it's unbelievable again, to see, play out on such a global scale that's having real world ramifications. And I, I've said it like this before, I said what they're doing at Doge is very analogous to like what Q Anon does with the Q drops. Yes. You just sprinkle some seeds, you get people to like try to decode things. Ooh, a new USA drop today. What is it? Condoms and gza. Oh crap. Condoms and gza. Whoa. You mean Mozambique that Trump was giving in 2019? You mean those? Oh well, you know, it's still bad.


Well, you know, Trump was doing it in 2019. Well it was probably the deep state. And then you sprinkle more, you sprinkle new ones throughout and what's going on? Donald Trump taking your money for his propaganda photo ops, spending millions of dollars, vacationing millions of taxpayer dollars, forcing the secret service to stay at his resorts, paying himself all the while bringing the Republicans to pay him, spending all the government funds and claiming him for himself. Basically flying around in Air Force one riding around the track in circles like a little baby, you know, at the Daytona 500 going to the Super Bowl. The guy gonna go to every sporting event on the taxpayer diamond, just vacationing more than 50%.


And meanwhile, let's get back to where we started. The billionaires and the oligarchs are gonna get the $4.5 trillion tax cuts, which could increase our debt by over $25 trillion over the next 10 years while they take away your Medicaid, while they take away resources from farmers and while they take away education. And then they screw over the veterans and they cut key jobs at nuclear facilities and they cut key jobs at the FAA and they cut key jobs and just jobs in general of people who protect food safety. You know, and shout out to all the federal workers who have worked so hard and have been just treated and called all of these demeaning names.


People who worked quietly in the government just trying to keep the wheels of this thing going who are just not just being fired, but being stripped of their human dignity and their basic, just, just being treated like they're disposable crap. The way Elon Musk and Donald Trump treat people in their life. This all goes back to the fact that who's benefiting from all of this, this not we, the people, the the not even the one, even less than the 1% at this point. But the 1% or less, you ain't getting tax cuts. If you don't make more than $360,000 a year, you're gonna get screwed over by all of this. And with surging prices, housing less affordable eggs, reaching record highs, Inflation back to soaring again, you are gonna get screwed.


So again, whether you're a red state, blue state, independent, Whether you are Republican, democrat, whatever, just again, I'm just giving you the, the data and I ask you to think critically to not just do your own research, but just look at some basic facts as well that's right there in front of us. And maybe 'cause sometimes it's right there in front of us. We try to attribute a more complicated motivations or things like that. And sometimes it's all about just following the money, the money from your pocket to the pocket of the billionaires and the oligarchs. That's what's happening.


The reverse Robinhood, the Trump, the Musk, the Trumpy hood, the musky hood, whatever you want to call it, it ain't good for you. But we'll be by your side every step of the way on the Midas Touch Network on this show. Make sure you keep checking back in throughout the day on the Midas Touch YouTube channel. And we're going to, until they, as I said before, until they rip this microphone from my hand, we will speak the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth to you, to we the people. That's what's needed right now. Fearlessness in the face of an authoritarian regime. And that's what we have here. Shout out to our international resistors, people in Europe, people in Canada, people in Mexico, people in Australia, people in New Zealand.


Our warning to you as well as you see what Elon to Germany, you see what Elon Musk is trying to do or what he did here, he's gonna do that in your country. So y'all need to unite to stop what has happened here in the United States. That's our call to you internationally. And we here in the United States, while we still have this mic, while we still have this platform, we will fight from within, from within an authoritarian regime here, a Kim Jong-Un like regime here in the United States. And we'll rally people each and every day here on the Midas Touch Network. If you wanna meet me, Brett and Jordy, we're gonna be doing a meetup on Thursday.


If you ever wanted to meet us in a more exclusive setting, go to patreon.com/midas touch check us out there as well. Go to midas plus.com. If you want to access some of the newsletters that we have every day, you can even subscribe for free at first, then midas plus com. Ron bolt's up right now. It's so good. I mean, it's so genius, so good. And, and we look, we'd love for you to become a paid subscriber, obviously, 'cause we don't have outside investor. So it goes a long way to help. But just check it out, see it for yourself, see what's up, and let us know what you think. Make sure you subscribe on audio and video, YouTube and audio podcast. For audio podcast. Just search Midas Touch, make sure you hit subscribe there. Audio folks, go to YouTube.


Subscribe to YouTube. Just thanks for everybody. For thanks to the mods, thanks to the supporters, thanks to the Midas mighty, let's keep fighting together. Every day we'll have continue to grow in our momentum and we're gonna continue to stand up. We're gonna, we're gonna stop this. We're gonna get through this together. It's gonna be tough, but we're gonna get through this together. I make you that guarantee. Jordy, take it away. Shout Out to the Midas my day.


Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 750,000 followers.