
Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions apply. See terms and conditions at K LM Deo.


I'm ready for my Life to Change a, b, c tonight. American Idol returns. Give it your all. Good luck. Hung up the golden ticket. Let's Hear it. This is man's world. I've never seen anything like it. And a new chapter begins Hollywood. Carrie Underwood joins Lionel Richie, Luke Bryan and Ryan Seacrest on American Idol. Season premiere tonight, eight seven Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com Cancel anytime terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


For a limited time, you can get KFC chicken with the sweet heat of hot honey. And after one bite, you'll wonder how do bees make hot honey so hot? Are they special bees? Does KFC have dragon bees fire breathing dragon bees that create spicy honey? No silly, there's no such thing. KFC just partnered with Mike's hot honey to drizzle all over their crispy chicken. But Dragon Bees would be so cool. Try it now for only $7 or share a box with friends for 25 prices and participation very well. Supplies last, taxes, tips and fees extra


As Donald Trump is crashing the markets here in the United States and crashing our overall economy as Donald Trump is capitulating on these trade wars that he's initiating with Canada and Mexico and then pausing and, and saying, I need 30 more days. The MAGA Republican proxies of Donald Trump are on the hill attacking our veterans today. Here's maga Republican Congress member Brandon Gill on veterans getting fired by Trump and Doge. Let's play it to Assure veterans that their services will not be interrupted by these cuts. Well, first of all, I want to, I want to go back to that what the problem with the social security is that they're not communicating with other agencies that are sending out checks.


That's what they've identified. But as it relates to the va, I'd like to remind people that nobody in the United States has a right by God to have a job at taxpayer expense at the federal government, myself included. But my children and our grandchildren do have a birthright to inherit a country that is not bankrupt. There's a twofer right there attacking social security and our veterans. And under 30 seconds, here's Magar, Republican Congress member Rich McCormick from Georgia defending Doge and Trump firing veterans. Let's play it. Congressman, should Doge be firing veterans? I think there's gonna be layoffs in every business and government, and sometimes those people will be veterans if the job is not necessary or if there's a requirement.


Veterans have been laid off since the beginning of hirings, and that's every administration by the way. So yeah, there's gonna be some layoffs of veterans. That's, that's the way every business and every government process has been only one necessary. MAGA has perfected the reverse. Oprah layoffs for you. Layoffs for you. Firing you, firing you. Here is Donald Trump's top advisor, Alina Haba on veterans who have been fired from their government jobs. Here's what she just said. Starting to think about maybe some of those veterans who worked for the federal government and maybe what the administration can do to at least help salvage their Lives. Well, as you know, we care about veterans tremendously. I I mean, that's something the president has always cared about.


Anybody in blue, anybody that serves this country. But at the same time, we have taxpayer dollars. We have a fiscal responsibility to use taxpayer dollars to pay people that actually work. That doesn't mean that we forget our veterans by any means. We are going to care for them in the right way, but perhaps they're not fit to have a job at this moment or not willing to come to work. And we can't, you know, I wouldn't take money from you and pay somebody and say sorry. You know, they, they're not gonna come to work. It's just not acceptable. The official message from the White House to veterans, you are not fit for your job and you are not fit to show up to work. You may have sacrificed your lives for the country, then sacrificed it again to work for the government. But as Donald Trump says, you ain't fit. So you fired.


That's the message from the Trump administration. But doesn't surprise you from a guy like Donald Trump who's literally spent his entire life screwing over contractors. The your fire guy, the guy who's run most of his businesses into the ground, bankruptcy, bankruptcy, bankruptcy, bankruptcy. Is this really a shocker that he surrounds himself with the worst of the worst scum and this is what they're doing. Speaking of scum, Marjorie Taylor Greene, let's see what she had to say about our hardworking federal workers. Play it. You can protest all you want outside of departments of this government. You can protest all you want, but the American people disagree with you.


You're protecting the bureaucracy. The bureaucracy is not a business. Those are not real jobs producing federal revenue. By the way, they're consuming taxpayer dollars. Those jobs are paid for by the American tax. People who work real jobs earn real income, pay federal taxes, and then pay these federal employees. Federal employees do not deserve their jobs. Federal employees not do not deserve their paychecks. And these are jobs that can be fired. This Is what Donald Trump promised though, right? In his campaign, according to Pennsylvania, Senator Dave McCormick, this is what Trump ran on federal workers.


You don't deserve your jobs. Veterans, you are unfit to hold employment. That right, right. Dave McCormick from Pennsylvania, I think you got a lot of veterans in your state. Say it to their faces. Play it unto itself is one of the great enemies of our economy. And so, well, there's, the question is how much you think the, the American public is going to be willing to accept some pain or some additional cost, potentially, hopefully to get to the other side of whatever you think this all looks like later? Well, I I wanna start by saying I think everything you're seeing is consistent with what President Trump said on the campaign trail that he was gonna do. And, and everything I'm saying is consistent with what, what I said.


The tariffs are designed to do two things. There's the tariffs on Mexico, China, and Canada, which is to stop this terrible scourge of fentanyl, a hundred thousand deaths last year. That's a huge cost to our economy, and they're meant to change behavior. The second set of tariffs are meant to ensure reciprocity, a fair deal for the American people in steal and aluminum and other, I Think the total amount of fentanyl from Canada is less than what would fit into a small backpack. I mean to blame, to call Canadians, killers and murderers as the subterfuge and protectual grounds to launch an economic war or just all outright war on Canada and threaten to annex him.


That's very Putin esque. But let me tell you what Donald Trump campaigned on 'cause we actually have receipts. Donald Trump said that he will lower prices immediately on day one, not short-term pain, not inflation surging. Here's what he said. We have the clip. So When I win, I will immediately bring prices down, starting on day one. We will end kamala's war on American energy and we will drill, baby drill. We're gonna drill. You know, not only are prices surging Right now, but we're now heading into something called stagflation where GDP growth is plummeting according to the Atlanta Federal Reserve. Whereas if Donald Trump just did nothing and let former President Biden's economy roll on in autopilot, we probably would've had Q1 GDP growth of somewhere around three to 4%.


Now, the Atlanta Federal Reserve is projecting stagflation surging prices lower GDP about negative 2.82, negative 3%, and they're expecting disastrous job numbers tomorrow. You know what Donald Trump also promised though, by the way, that he was such a good deal maker and a negotiator despite never actually negotiating anything good in the first place. Just listen to him because he said he negotiated the U-S-M-C-A, which he says is the worst deal ever, and that's why he's doing all of these things. But he promised that there would be peace in Ukraine in 24 hours. In fact, he would get it done sooner than that. Here, play this clip, End the war in Ukraine in 24 hours.


Yes, I do. How would you do that? I know zelinsky very well. I I'll end that war between those two countries in 24 hours. It won't even take that long. I will get the war ended. I'll stop all of those lives from being wasted and lost. Brett, let's bring my brother Brett and Brett, how are you doing, sir? I wanted to start off with all of those receipts. Why? Because facts matter, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact. That's how you have to deal with this climate, I think. Yeah, you gotta show the receipts. You gotta show that this is the, the things that they are saying. I am just so appalled when I hear all those statements by these Republicans about our veterans, about our federal workers.


And before I get started on this, Jordy is out on daddy duty. We all miss Jordy dearly and he'll be back, be back next episode. Don't you worry. But I, I've never in the history of, of living in this country have heard politicians speak with such disdain towards the citizens of this country and towards, towards the hardworking federal workers of this country and towards veterans. These were always positions that were revered. These were always a pathway to living the American dream. And to hear Marjorie Taylor Greene of all people say that these federal workers don't deserve their paychecks. It's Marjorie Taylor Greene who doesn't deserve her paycheck. She is the useless one. These federal workers work hard and do the tough jobs of our government in many cases, even choosing to go into public service rather than going into, into the private system in, in order to actually help our government in a way for far less pay.


They deserve our respect, they deserve our admiration. And this push that I continue to hear, like we have the jobs report coming out on Friday morning. The Trump administration is already trying to get ahead of this. They are terrified about what these job numbers are going to be. And I've seen a lot of these people in the Trump administration and in the Republicans in Congress who are already saying things like, well, they should release a report that, that they should take out anything to do with government workers. Government workers don't count as jobs. They don't count as people. They don't count as in what world Do those, do those not count as jobs? What, what, what, what are you saying? And I think this is the whole problem. When people say our government needs to be run like a business. It's gotta be run like a business. That's why we need Donald Trump.


First off, if that's your businessman that you wanna put in charge of this business, you have put the world's worst businessman in charge. And you're right, he is running it like a terrible businessman, which is absolutely terrible for our country. The government has a different purpose than a business. It's not about maximizing shareholder value. It exists to serve citizens equitably. It exists to provide people with the things they need to make sure that they do not fall through the cracks. Businesses are prioritizing shareholder value. Businesses are trying to do things as cheaply as possible. That's not what the federal government is. So when you are just going around slashing jobs without a care in the world, you are actually ruining people's lives.


You are stripping away services from folks who need 'em. And oftentimes the people you are affecting the most are the most vulnerable in our society. The, the people with disabilities, our veterans, people on snap, people who need extra help, you are just screwing them in order for what? Like what is the point of all these trade wars? And Donald Trump's bluster and his actions and his constant pulling back. We're doing the tariffs. We're not doing the tariffs. All of that in and of itself is, is screwing up the economy tremendously, is causing prices to rise, is causing instability in the market, is causing people to lose their retirement savings every single day.


It is a new disaster from Donald Trump when he could have just really sat there, rode this thing out, rode Joe Biden's economy to success and taking credit for it If you really wanted to. But instead it's just destruction every single day destroying everything our country was built upon. Look, Donald Trump has two objectives and sometimes they're at odds with each other. They frequently are. You make the rich richer, you help the billionaires or the deca millionaires and you try to benefit them. But even more important is to keep the spotlight on Donald Trump. And when he keeps on doing these trade wars and then sets the deadline 30 days, he kind of keeps himself in the news cycle and keeps the drama going.


But at what expense? The expense. Now our economy is crashing. There's instability in the markets. Consumers are not spending because this dystopian hellscape that Donald Trump has created for his sicko reality TV show that we are all non-consensual participants in is not a good way to run a country and not good behavior. And you see why he's crashed most of his businesses before. He was never a good deal maker. Just go through his own SEC filings. You'll see all of the casinos. He bankrupted all of the products he bankrupted before he ever got in politics.


What did the deep state Democrat Soros machine go into an actual time machine go back in time and screw up all of Donald Trump's businesses? Is that why he bankrupted all of them before? Or maybe he's just a shitty businessman who was never good at making deals in the first place, whose entire career was just based on y fired YY fired. Maybe that's not a good way to pick someone and put him in positions of power. But look, he's got state regime media trying to hold strong behind him. He's got Larry Klaw, who used to work in his first administration as parting the revolving door of you work at Fox, then somehow you become the Secretary of Defense.


You work for the Trump administration, you then work at Fox, you related to Trump, you get a show at Fox. You see the pattern right here. Here's Larry Klaw saying, but we all know this is all Biden's fault, right? It's not like Donald Trump. We all know that what we're experiencing, it's because of Biden. Right, right, right here, play this clip. Some Very, very smart people are telling me that the jobs number that's coming at the February jobs number that's coming out Friday could be flat, even negative Brookie. The GDP now tracker from the Atlanta Fed is showing, I mean, for the first quarter, minus 2.5 or minus 2.8%. And we've had lousy numbers on things like housing and business investment.


My generic point here with respect to affordability and the economy is we are gonna have to suffer through some bad news. This is B, nothing to do with Trump. Trump's program's Not in, ain't nothing to do with the guy who's actually running the nothing to do with him. Brookie Brookie, by the way, that Secretary of Agriculture, Brooke Rollins being called Brookie, she was the one who what this past week also said, Americans need to deal with the rising prices of eggs or the fact that eggs aren't available by all Americans. Should buy a chicken, buy some chickens, and we should buy some chickens and put some chickens in the backyard. That's how you'll deal with the situation. Problem solved and get eggs kind of reminds me of inject yourself with bleach like a miracle.


It's all gonna go away. The only time machine that's actually taken place is, I feel like I'm right back into April of 2020. But potentially even worse when Trump was running the country into the ground then not actually running at all. But here's Maria Barter Roma. She was also chilling in the White House today. I think they gave Donald Trump an award. He signed an executive order today declaring that he's great for women. I'm not even gonna play that one, but they're like, we're giving you an order that hereby says you are great for women. And he goes, I'm great for women, right Maria? And she's like, you're great for women, Donald. Like, what the hell is even? This is the weirdest Kim Jong-un stuff going on imaginable.


But here she is earlier again, basically saying, we know this is Biden's fault, right? This isn't Trump's fault here play this. Court Z group has been reporting and we just got the jobs numbers out. Congressman, the a DP number is crossing Right now, 77,000 private sector jobs we add to the economy last month. This is the lowest number of jobs added to the economy last month since July. This is the February a DP report. Now obviously this is not a result of President Trump's policies because this is a result of Joe Biden's economy that, that Trump inherited. But how worried should we be that you've got the Atlanta Federal Reserve now expecting a contraction in the first quarter. And as you cut government spending, you're going to actually impact the jobs numbers.


You've, you've got the jobs numbers out. What makes that extra cruel is she knows what she's doing right? Like can, knows what he's doing. Jesse Waters, Laura Ingram, we've seen their text messages before about what they've been saying about Donald Trump behind their back in connection with the Dominion case. We know they hate their viewers. They call their viewers stupid when they're privately texting. So they are directing all of these lies at their viewers. And it is so utterly dangerous, pathetic Banana Republic esque Brett.


It's why that Trump's entire presidency, everything he does is run on creating an alternate reality, creating a a a a version of reality where reality doesn't exist, where facts don't exist, and where whatever Donald Trump says is the truth. They they do that because the reality is not so good for him often, and they need to be able to pump out this propaganda in order to set the narrative. And so you have, and Jesse Water said this himself on his show about last week or a couple weeks ago, he said, how could you even beat it? It's how, how could they even top this eon tweet something out and then we talk about it on Fox and then it gets pushed out by the time they even FactCheck this stuff. I mean, we've already covered it.


A millions of people. I've seen it like he said that out loud. And this is their strategy with everything and just lie, lie, lie, lie, lie. It comes at people at such with such ferocity, at such a rapid pace. And the people who are watching this stuff do not realize what they're watching is bullshit. And it is bullshit 100% of the time. You could track exactly what Maria Bar Romo is saying about the economy. You could see that about a month ago because they do this weekly. The Atlanta Fed, they do their predictions or or their estimates as to what the economy is. You could look to a month ago and see that in the beginning, right when Trump took over, when it was actually Biden's economy, you know what they were predicting like 4% GDP growth for the quarter four, like about 4%.


That's really damn good. 4%. And you know what's happened since Donald Trump has actually started implementing his policies, making these executive orders, making these tariff threats, implementing these tariffs. You've seen things go down, down, down, down each week to the point where we've seen a swing of about negative 6% in the quarterly GDP directly tied to Donald Trump. So how dare they try to attribute this to Joe Biden? And this was by the way, the same exact propaganda and lies that they pump pumped into people's homes every single day. Regarding Biden, when things were actually doing quite well with the economy, when we were hitting stock market record after stock market record, when we were hitting months of record job growth after months of record job growth, they would pump the opposite lies.


But now it's all now to protect Donald Trump, who is quite literally doing the things that they accused President Biden of when President Biden was in office, let me read this for you. Federal Judge Beryl Howell just came out with a powerful ruling finding that the firing of the National Labor Relations Board member Gwen Wilcox was illegal. This is what she says about Donald Trump in her order. She's a Washington DC federal judge. She goes, a president who touts an image of himself as a king or a dictator, perhaps, as his vision of effective leadership fundamentally misapprehends the role under Article two of the US Constitution.


In our constitutional order, the President is tasked to be a conscientious custodian of the law, albeit an energetic one to take care of effectuating his enumerated duties, including the laws enacted by Congress and as interpreted by the judiciary, a powerful ruling there as Donald Trump continues to lose in the courts, he also lost in a five to four decision in the United States Supreme Court, which order that $2 billion, which was already appropriated by Congress to U-S-A-I-D and extended by these continuing resolutions by the Republican Congress who can't pass a freaking budget because they can't even do anything right at all, even past their own budget.


The Supreme Court ordered that $2 billion go to U-S-A-I-D. And it was interesting because the three liberal justices were joined by Justice, Amy Cohen, Coney Barrett, and Chief Justice John Roberts, and now all of the kind of right wing influencer spear as well as a lot of the MAGA leaders are saying, Amy Coney Barrett, by the way, she was instrumental in overturning Roe v. Wade. They're saying she was a DEI hire a DEI hire wha wha because she ruled that money appropriated by Congress should go to where the money was appropriated to go. And that Elon Musk, an unelected bureaucrat.


Although Donald Trump said during that horrible joint session, the days of unelected bureaucrats are gone. You literally have a billionaire who has access to your social security data, your medical records, your tax records, who's basically unilaterally gutted key programs, destroyed the lives, lives in such a cruel manner as well of hardworking Americans, many veterans, the spouses of veterans. But according to Donald Trump, the days of unelected bureaucrats are gone. Snap the hell out of it. America, stop living in right wing frameworks where they wanna rage bait you into talking about shit that doesn't matter to your life.


Your money is being impacted. You are living probably in a situation Right now that is far worse than when Biden wasn't on. Ask yourself, are you better off Right now with chaotic posts every day with the markets crashing? And then Donald Trump saying, whoa, what do I do? I guess I'm gonna stop the tariffs for another 30 days. And then maybe it goes back up a little and then it crashes the next day again, where Donald Trump threatens our allies, where he humiliates the United States from the Oval Office where he attacks our allies on a daily basis. He attacks nato. I mean, is is, are you, you feel better off Right now. You think America is more respected Right now?


Abso freaking lly. Not Right now. And it seems that the beneficiary of almost everything Trump does is pretty much one person, which is Vladimir Putin, and I guess maybe the other person is Elon Musk. We've got a lot more to talk about. Wanna take our first quick break of the show? I wanna remind everybody. Midas plus.com is where our editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski cooks, he does an incredible daily summary of all of the day's events. Make sure you check that out. Also, patreon.com/midas touch, we don't have outside investors, so it's a good way to help our network grow. Next week, me and my brothers will be doing a secret meeting.


Not really, that's secret, we're telling you about it. But a meeting that there's a secret link for at patreon.com/midas Touch. Make sure you're subscribed to our YouTube channel and to our audio podcast. We know Joe Rogan's doing everything he can to try to reclaim the number one spot. So please make sure you subscribe on audio as well. We've got a lot more show. We'll be right back after our first quick break.


So every now and then, we're reminded about those many healthy resolutions we made over the years to lose weight, to exercise more, and of course to eat better. But a goal without a plan is a plan to fail. So what I did is I tried ProLon Pro's five day program gives you the tool to put your health goals into action with a science backed plan that makes it easy to stay focused and achieve real results. Go back and look at some videos of me from about three to four months ago before I tried ProLon. ProLon has made a difference for me, and I think it'll make a difference for you as well. So here's what it does. ProLon Fasting Mimicking Diet is a revolutionary plant-based nutrition program that nourishes the body while making cells believe their fasting. It was researched and developed for decades at uscs Longevity Institute. By the way, I teach at USC law. It all starts with their five day program snack soups and beverages designed to keep your body in a fasting state. No guesswork or planning required. Three consecutive cycles of ProLon have been shown to reduce your biological age score by an average of 2.5 years in your waist circumference by 1.5 inches. It worked for me. As I said, go look at some videos for me in the past. I tried it, it worked. I think it'll work for you as well. So help kickstart a health plan for you. That'll work. ProLon is now offering the Midas Touch Podcast listeners like you, 15% off site wide, plus a $40 bonus gift when you subscribe to their five day nutrition program. Just visit ProLon life.com/midas. That's P-R-O-L-O-N-L-I-F e.com/midas to claim your 15% discount and your bonus gift ProLon life.com/midas. Check it out,


even If you think it's a bit overhyped,


AI is suddenly everywhere from self-driving cars to molecular medicine to business efficiency. If it's not in your industry yet, it's coming fast. But AI needs a lot of speed and computing power. So how do you compete without cost spiraling out of control time to upgrade to the next generation of the cloud? Oracle Cloud infrastructure or O-C-I-O-C-I is a blazing, fast and secure platform for your infrastructure database application development, plus all your AI and machine learning workloads. OCI costs 50% less for compute and 80% less for networking. So you're saving a pile of money. Thousands of businesses have already upgraded to OCI, including Vodafone, Thomson Reuters, and Suno ai. Right now, Oracle is offering to cut your current cloud bill in half. If you move to OCI for new US customers with minimum financial commitment offer ends March 31st. See if your company qualifies for this special offer at oracle.com/midas. That's oracle.com/midas.


Thank you to those pro-democracy sponsors. We appreciate them greatly. And the discount codes are in the description below. So got a lot to talk about. Brett, did you see the press conference that Donald Trump held in the Oval Office where he attacked our NATO allies, where he said that farmers are going to love what they're experiencing, this short-term pain, these short-term disruptions. Let me show you some of the clips, Brett, from earlier in the day. Then let me get your reaction. First. Here's Donald Trump being asked by Peter Ducey. Notably, I think Fox stopped covering at this point, which is interesting when Ducey asked a lot of these questions and they cut away.


They cut away, yeah, from nato. But here it is saying, are you considering, you know the changes in how America deals with nato? Let's play this split President Trump on Peter's question. Are you gonna make that policy, US policy that the US wouldn't defend NATO countries that don't pay? Well, I think it's common sense, right? If they don't pay, I'm not gonna defend them. No, I'm not gonna defend them. I got into a lot of heat when I said that. You said, oh, he is violating nato. Also, during that Oval Office press conference, Donald Trump made a statement saying that he doesn't believe that the NATO allies would actually help the United States if the United States needed their help. I mean, quite literally, NATO has helped the United States and stood with the United States when United States has gone to war over and over again.


The Canadians have bravely fought with the United States historically as well as all of these NATO countries. So Trump has no historical perspective either, and his obsequiousness to Putin and his attacks on NATO are just so obvious and ridiculous and causing major disruption to our alliances. But Donald Trump also says that, look, short term disruptions to our economy, that's to be expected. And farmers, you're gonna, you're gonna love it, right? Everybody, short term disruptions, yay. Play the club, The first administration. And I think we'll do even better now, but this is something that we have to do. There'll always be a little short term interruption.


I don't think it's gonna be big, but the countries and companies that have been ripping us aren't particularly happy with what I'm doing. But the United States will be very happy and you know, our farmers are gonna be very happy. And again, there'll be disruption. But in the end, I said it before with China, we signed an unbelievable deal with China, $50 billion in purchases, and we're doing great, by The way, for our audio listeners. He's standing by like a stupid poster board that says Gulf of America. I mean, 'cause right everybody, that's what you really wanted. Google to change. Gulf of Mexico to Gulf of America, while he makes things way more expensive, makes housing less affordable.


Tanks, our markets arbitrarily. And Capriciously wakes up and says, you are a tariff. You are a tariff. I'm giving you a tariff. Oops. I changed my mind. I changed my mind. I mean, literally, prime Minister Trudeau in Canada did nothing. They just stood up to Donald Trump to make Trump even change his mind other than powerfully push back. It wasn't like they gave any concessions to Donald Trump, right? Trump on his own imposed this trade war. And then Trump first like took away the auto tariffs. Then Donald Trump said that things that are covered by the US MCA, the United States, Mexico Canada agreement would not be subject to the tariffs until April 2nd.


Although energy, I don't think Donald Trump realizes that, which is one of the major forms of trade between US and Canada, for example, that's not part of the US MCA. So I don't think Trump realizes that. First he started with auto, then said U-S-M-C-A. And so he was asked about this conversation that he had with the big three auto manufacturers who were probably saying, dude, what the hell are you doing? You're gonna make us all go bankrupt. So a Trump dataset, 30 day extension, 30 day extension on the tariffs, which he already extended once before. We've already gone through this Gong Show routine before, over and over again. But I'll play this clip On the auto tariffs that you were talking about.


I know yesterday you spoke with the big three. Did you tell them that no more exemptions were on the way? And what was their reaction? I Told them that's it. This was a short term deal. And they came back to me yesterday and they said, could we have some help on the tariffs 'cause of the speed? And I said, look, I'm gonna do it, but that's it. Don't come back to me after the second April 2nd. I don't want to hear from you after April 2nd. We're not gonna be doing it anymore. I want to help 'em. What was their response? I didn't complain, but I helped them short term during this short term transition. April 2nd is gonna be a very big day for America.


It's April 2nd now. Okay, it's April 2nd. It was March and now it's April. And then before that, it was the other day. I mean, he's Brett, isn't this just the show? So much weakness over and over again. I mean, you're going through this routine just, you just can't take him seriously. You can't take this guy seriously at anything. The entire world is laughing at us Right now, and I, I see all, you know, we have a whole lot of Canadian fans and, and shout out to all of our fans in Canada. Shout out to all of our fans in Mexico, and thank you for standing strong against all this bs. We're sorry, that's this. You know, it's not, it's not me and Ben's fault, but we're sorry that, that you're dealing with this. But we stand in solidarity with you.


But I, I think everybody's just laughing at us judging from these comments also that I'm seeing, like when Donald Trump plays these games, he doesn't necessarily realize the ripple effects that he's having. Also, he thinks that he could just toy with people and be like, okay, the tariffs are on. The tariffs are off. But guess what's happened since Donald Trump implemented these, this new round of tariffs. Before he pulled it, you had the LCBO who's like the biggest purchaser of alcohol in the world in Ontario, the Liquor Control Board of Ontario, they pulled all American spirits from their shelves. They're already gone. They're gone. Not, not happening anymore. They're not selling any more American liquor, no more American spirits. And they also distribute to like all the various bars across the province. Same thing happened in Manitoba.


We saw the premier of, of Manitoba. It was very, very funny video. I don't have it right here, but I did a video on our, our TikTok about it. He signed it an order also to pull the American liquor from the shelves. And he did it mocking Trump, like just laughing at him, making fun of him. Wab Canoe, I believe is his name. And he was holding up the, you know, the big order the way Donald Trump does. And he goes, I got a big beautiful, the best order, you know, you've ever seen in the entire world. He, he did a whole Trump thing and it was, it was funny. And then you have Canadians boycotting American products, not purchasing anything. They've divided the sections in the Canadian supermarkets to put the American items on, on the side so people know not to buy 'em.


You've got people checking labels in supermarkets where that's not the case. You have tourism greatly affected. People are saying they're not gonna travel to the United States. So these are, this is billions of dollars already just ripped straight out of the United States economy just based on Donald Trump's like, threats on a daily basis. And not to mention the threats of the 51st state stuff, which is just the most offensive thing that you could ever say to a sovereign nation. And you know, the the thing like, you know, you were talking about right wing framing before Ben, and like, don't fall for it and all that stuff. I just think these people are so fricking pathetic, honestly. Like, like, and, and, and everyone should just mock them because they like to position themselves as like, oh, we're the, the free speech party.


And the Democrats don't like free speech. But we're, we're, we're we're free thinkers. We, we, we original thinkers, we all have original thoughts, we're okay having original thoughts. And then what's your original thought? Donald Trump says something and then you parrot it like, like a robot, like an NPC robot. Donald Trump says 51st state, and then you go 51st state a Canada, 51st eight. Donald Trump says fentanyl is coming in from Canada when it's like, what, 42 pounds, Ben or something. I think more fentanyl goes from the United States into Canada than from Canada. Here they go. We need tariffs, cuss of the fentanyl to Canada. Like, like you just spread this bullshit just because Donald Trump says it. I mean, how fricking pathetic Donald Trump of the state of the union we have.


We're spending all this money on transgender mice. Transgender mice. You then see all the various MAGA people on TikTok and on Twitter and on all these apps going, I can't believe we're spending this money on transgender mice. Can you believe it? It's like, no, actually that's transgenic mice. Genetically engineered mice so that we could test diseases and, and find cures for diseases like Alzheimer's. That's what Donald Trump canceled when Donald Trump ripped that money away from research that was going to actually cure diseases. Nothing to do with transgender mice. These people simply cannot think for themselves. They just repeat and parrot everything Donald Trump says. And it is so completely pathetic while Donald Trump is basically stealing their lunch every single day while Donald Trump is ripping them off, while Donald Trump is laying off their relatives, laying them like it.


The whole thing is just so embarrassing that they are kowing to this loser in the Oval Office. Like, how do you live with yourself? Honestly, they didn't know the difference between transgenic and transgender. But stay with me. Assume for the sake of argument there was transgender mice research being, I don't know what that would look like, but assume that's being done. Brett, whose budget are we operating under? Who controls Congress? Who has the power of the purse, who continues to pass continuing resolutions where money's being appropriated?


'cause the last time I checked, despite the Republicans always pretending that they're the victims of things, don't they control the house? And don't they control the Senate? And don't they control the White House? And since 2022, wasn't it the Republicans who were unable to pass a budget, so instead they pass continuing resolution. So let me get this straight. Their Congress, they appropriate the money for the things. Then they claim there's fraud in those things. Which by the way, where are the, where are the fraud arrests? If there are all these things, then it's always like retracted because it's not actually fraud.


But aren't we operating under their CRS and under their budget? And by the way, they're unable to pass a budget. Now, my question's rhetorical, by the way, we know it's the Republican budgets. These are their things, but I want you to realize that they're complaining about their own things throughout this process. And then of course they can't. So now we're operating Donald Trump's post this week is we're gonna do a big beautiful cr You mean you're gonna take Nancy Pelosi's budget from back in 2022 and you're gonna keep on passing that and then claim that your own budget is filled with fraud. And then have Elon Musk go through people's data and then say, oops, oops, you know, taken away the Ebola.


I may have taken away Ebola for a little bit and you know, I don't know. You, you wanna know my phone number. It's boob eight eight zero eight eight boob. I mean, you know, what the hell that, that impression's getting really good. That impression's getting really good, Ben, I gotta say eight plus plus. I know you've been working on it, you know, OO offline. We're still waiting on that RFK impression. Maybe we'll get it later in the show. Not doing the RFK impression, but you know, just, just everyone knows, you know, we say that because Ben doesn't actually have one and that just like messing with it. Oh, I, I have one. I ain't going, I got one I was trying to save you. So yeah, I mean the, like, the fact that they're continuing to pass these continuing resolutions or even struggling to, and then you have Trump tweeting or posting whatever the other day, if we, if the government shuts down, it's the Democrat's fault.


It's the Democrats fault. The Democrats don't have a majority in Congress. Pass a damn budget. Stop with this damn crs. Pass a damn budget. What are you doing? It's like the, like this most simple job of a Congress to pass a budget. It's literally your job. Like what the heck are you doing? It is so incredibly embarrassing what we are watching. And your plan is just to blame the Democrats on everything. I know what they're doing. Shalom, Hamas. Oh God. Shalom, Shalom, Hamas. It's what Donald Trump posted. I mean, Shalom, Hamas, it means hello and goodbye. You can choose. It also means peace, by the way.


Release all of the hostages now, not later, and immediately return all of the dead bodies of the people you murdered. Or it's over for you only sick and twisted People keep bodies and you are sick and twisted, exclamation point. I'm sending Israel everything it needs to finish the job. Not a single Hamas member will be safe If you don't do, as I say, I have just met with your former hostages whose lives you have destroyed. This is your last warning for the leadership. Now is the time to leave Gaza while you still have a chance also to the people of Gaza. A beautiful future awaits, but not If you hold hostages. If you do, you are dead.


Make a smart decision. Release the hostages. Now all caps or there will be held to pay later. Donald J. Trump, president of the United States of America. This is how he does his view of diplomacy. He makes social media posts. Yes, the hostages should absolutely have never been taken in the first place. Can I, can I ask a question? Yes. Is Hamas on truth social hama saying Ohm Donald Trump? Did you hear, did you hear that? That just said, I I just got Donald Trump's truth. He just said, Shalom, his invitation to negotiate via shalom on truth, social. We all know that's how we're, I mean, and by the way, of course, Hama should turn over the ho.


They should never have taken the hostages. What went down is one of the most dastardly acts in all time. It's despicable. It's absolutely despicable what went down. And also the travesty that we see in Gaza every day is absolutely, absolutely despicable. But this right here, what, when Donald Trump posts his, his AI images with like bearded men with cleavage hanging out, dancing in Trump, Gaza, he says he is gonna take it over. How many times has Donald Trump made this threat? Because I've counted them all. I think he did one on January 7th where Donald Trump said, hell will break loose if I, if the hostages are not released by the time I'm sworn in.


He made that threat. Then on February 10th, he made the threat saying, by Saturday, by noon, If you don't release all of the hostages, I'm unleashing hell. And then the day game. And Donald Trump said, well, I'm gonna let Netanyahu do what he wants to do. Then March 5th happened and he posted Shalom Hamas in this message right here. You realize that every time you make fake deadlines for yourself, the same way you promised there would be peace in Ukraine in 24 hours as we showed you at the outset. And then you don't execute. Or when you say there's gonna be tariffs, and then you backtrack when the markets crash. No offense to clowns. 'cause I'm talking about fascist clowns right here.


And no offense to cornered rats here because I'm talking about Donald Trump here. But every time he becomes a cornered rat, he folds like a coward. And people just look at him. Now, world leaders look at him like, what the hell are you doing? And I think Prime Minister tr knows the game. I think our allies know the game. And I think when they're meeting, whether they're meeting in Brussels earlier today with the French president, Emmanuel Macron kind of, you know, giving an incredible speech to the, to the nation, to all of France yesterday, what we saw in the UK with the emergency meeting called by Keir Starer, the prime minister of the uk.


The way we're seeing Prime Minister Trudeau now, I think even our, our allies are like, okay, you know what? If you stand up to this guy, he backs down. So you stand up to him. You can't be nice. You give him an inch, he takes your nation, he takes your life. Okay, we get it now. And I think that's what we're seeing. But it's utter weak. I don't know how else you can view this as anything but weakness, weakness, weakness. It's absolutely pathetic. And Donald Trump believed that the fact that our allies were nice as weakness, that wasn't weakness. That's how allies are supposed to treat each other nicely. You idiot. And now it's like, okay, game on.


We understand what this is your Putin's puppet. We'll get stronger together. We got Zelinsky back. We understand the game. Good luck with your markets. Good luck with all of this. I think that's what we're seeing Right now. We'll talk about this some more. I want to take our last quick break of the show, a reminder, midas plus.com. M-E-I-D-A-S-P-L s.com. Check it out, patreon.com/midas touch as well. Check those out. We'll be right back after our last quick break of the show.


Magic Spoon makes high protein, zero sugar cereal and treats reinvented from your childhood. Huh? The nostalgia Magic Spoon is also launching a brand new high protein granola. True to the Magic Spoon promise. It's packed with protein and so crunchy magic spoons. High protein treats are crispy, crunchy, airy, and an easy way to get 12 grams of protein on the go. They come in mouthwatering flavors like marshmallow chocolate, peanut butter, and dark chocolate. Now, my personal favorite, it's gotta be the chocolate peanut butter. It's amazing. And I have it each morning to start my work workday. Now, magic spoons, brand new granola packs in 13 grams of protein and zero added sugars. They come in delicious flavors like dark chocolate, almond, honey, almond and peanut butter. Get $5 off your next order at Magic Spoon dot com slash midas, or look for Magic Spoon on Amazon or in your nearest grocery store. That's Magic Spoon dot com slash midas for $5 off.


Aging skin isn't just about what you see, it's about what's happening at the cellular level. That's why I love oneskin. I've been using it on my hands, my face, my arms under my eyes. And I was skeptical at first, but I've genuinely noticed I don't look as tired anymore. And honestly, I just kind of feel better. This stuff is great. It's super easy to use. Just cleanse Pat Dry and apply twice daily. That's it. And unlike some other skincare products, oneskin is free from over 1500 harmful chemicals. So my skin never feels irritated or red. And they've got over 6,305 star reviews for their full line of face, body, sun, and travel sized products. So I know it's not just me who feels this way. Oneskin is the world's first skin longevity company designed to keep your skin looking and acting younger for longer. Right now you can try Oneskin with 15% off using code Midas at oneskin dot co. That's 15% off at oneskin co with code Midas, M-E-I-D-S. After you purchase, they'll ask where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them we sent you


Some pretty incredible sponsors. Thank you to those pro-democracy sponsors right there. We don't have outside investors on the show. So the way we build and the way we're beating Rogan and beating Fox on YouTube is actually with your supports, with the support of those pro-democracy sponsors, with your support on patreon.com/midas touch or midas plus.com, which is the substack. So thank you, thank you, thank you. I just wanna, I should come with receipts, right? When I, when I make bold claims, I gotta back it up. It's the Midas Touch podcast. That's what we do here. So let me show you from January 7th, 2025, what Donald Trump said to Hamas.


He didn't say shalom, he didn't go shalom Hamas. But here's what he said on January 7th, let's play it. Better get done by the inaugural. But when you say all hell will be paid before, take office, all hell must be paid. If they don't release the host hostages means, don't you? Well, do I have to define it for you? Look, all hell will, you're break telegraph. If those hostages aren't back, I don't wanna hurt your negotiation. If they're not back. By the time I get into office, all hell will break out in the Middle East. Can you elaborate? And it will not be good for Hamas and it will not be good, frankly, for anyone. All hell will break out. I don't have to say anymore, but that's what it is. Okay, Donald. Okay. Okay. Tough guy. What'd he say on February 10th?


Play the clip. As far as I'm concerned, if all of the hostages aren't returned by Saturday at 12 o'clock, I think it's an appropriate time. I would say cancel it and all bets are off and let hell break out. I'd say they ought to be returned by 12 o'clock on Saturday. And if they're not returned, all of 'em not in drips and drabs, not two and one and three and four and two. Saturday at 12 o'clock. And after that, I would say all hell is gonna break out and I don't think they're gonna Do okay. Yeah, y'all get the pattern here about what he does.


And then Saturday came and then it didn't happen. And then March 5th and then it's shalom ridiculous. And he does this with everything, the threats with Greenland at that horrific joint session. You know, it's Greenland, I'm taking over Hamas, I'm annexing you. It's, it is a twisted, warped reality TV show. As I said that we are now non-consensual participants in a show that we don't want to be. I just want to go about my life. I really do. I wanna raise my daughter, I wanna go through it. I don't wanna think about this stuff. When, when, when former President Biden was there, I wouldn't wake up says the, the markets crash today.


You know, are, are we threatening Ukraine today? Are we now revoking temporary protected status from Ukrainians or are we not? Is it's reporting that you did it and now you're not doing it and now you're doing it? Is the United States, which they are doing cutting off all intelligence to Ukraine. You all heard that the United States is stopping aid to Ukraine has stopped aid and military aid, but they also cut off intelligence to help Russia with their drone swarms and strikes and to stop Ukraine from being able to block it. I think that's equally as significant as cutting off the aid is cutting off the intelligence. How cruel can you be?


Trump level cruel thinks he's a tough guy, but here he is from the joint session. We're con we're taking Greenland one way or another. We're taking you over, we're conquering you here. Play the clip. And I also have a message tonight for the incredible people of Greenland. We strongly support your right to determine your own future. And If you choose, we welcome you into the United States of America. We need Greenland for national security and even international security. And we're working with everybody involved to try and get it. But we need it really for international world security. And I think we're gonna get it one way or the other.


We're gonna get it. We'll keep you safe. People are laughing like they're laughing, like it's like a, like a standup routine as he's talking about annexing it one way or Another. I'm Gonna talk to you one way or another. You're mine, whether you like it or not, we're America. They just let you do it when you're America. Yeah, he's a sicko. He's a sicko. Here he is calling Elizabeth Warren, Senator Warren Pocahontas. Here play this clip. You wanna Keep it going for another five years? Yeah, yeah. You, you would say Pocahontas says yes.


Then behind. By the way, let me just, sorry, I, I mean I think you were about to say maybe exactly what I was about to say. You look behind Trump and see JD Vance and you see Mike Johnson with the Smar. Iest looks on their face giving the fakest laughs anytime Donald Trump says everything like they know better. Both of them are two people who know better. Both of them are people who have sold their soul for this guy. And it is just so incredibly pathetic to watch JD Vance in the background and be like, oh, Good one, Poke a hot discreet one Donald. And you see Mike Johnson with his little smirk on it. It just like it. These people are just so pathetic. They're so ideologically inconsistent.


Like if this was a Democrat, they would obviously be like, this person's a maniac. This person's like severely mentally ill and should be nowhere near the presidency. But because they're getting their pa, their power because they've made their sort of devil's bargain here they are okay with all this chaos. And it's just like these people are disgraced to the country, quite frankly. Every single one of them. Yeah, JD Vance and MAGA Mike Johnson look like an elementary school student who's hearing one of their friends say a curse word in class for the first time. And they're like, How called the Pocahontas? You know? I mean, it's just so weird. And then here he attacks the, like Emasculates, his secretary of state, Marco Rubio in front of everybody and he's just like, you're gonna do it right Marco?


And then, and then Marco Rubio's face is like the face of humiliated and defeated man. You know, he's got the it. Just watch his face carefully. And for our audio listeners, the only best way I can describe it is the face of a defeated man. I apologize, I don't have better descriptive words than that. Your play now We have Marco Rubio in charge. Good luck, Marco. Now we know who to blame if anything goes wrong. Oh, Marco's been amazing and he's gonna do a great job. Think of it. He got a hundred votes. It's just a strange thing to even say, we're gonna know who to blame if things go wrong at a joint session about your Secretary of State.


But by the way, that's how Donald Trump ran his businesses into the ground. 'cause he would treat his management like absolute crap. And that's what he does with his people. He just makes them feel he, he degrades them. But here Donald Trump says that what he's really gonna be focused on is forging the most dominant civilization ever on earth. That's what he's gonna do. Okay. Okay, Donald, here play this clip. And we are going to forge the freest, most advanced, most dynamic, and most dominant civilization ever to exist on the face of this Earth. Bro, can we just start with lowering the prices? Can you just, can you just start before becoming the most Dominant civilization ever?


Can we, can we start with just lowering the prices, which you promised to do, and I don't know, making housing more affordable and maybe adding jobs versus reducing jobs and, I don't know, maybe not sinking our economy into a recession. I know you want to be the most Dominant ever round. I'm gonna rip off my shirt like whole Hogan. Yeah, man. But maybe just, I don't know. Have the GDP growth be like in a, like, in a positive direction like it was under former President Biden, maybe job growth. You know, the way former President Biden added 16.4 million jobs. Maybe you can start with just positive job growth.


Can we, can we treat you like a toddler that you are and maybe just what will set the bar pretty low Before, before that, but here he is during his speech, talks about getting rid of the CHIPS Act, which brought the semiconductor industry to the United States, 50 billion plus of investment in the semiconductor industry, which by the way, is helping red states even more than blue states. It's creating hundreds of thousands, potentially millions of jobs. And during this joint session, Donald Trump says, get rid of it. Mag Naga, Mike Johnson, get rid of it. Here, play this clip. You should get rid of the CHIP Act. And whatever's left over Mr.


Speaker, you should use it to reduce debt or any other reason you want to Standing ovation the Republican standing ovation. We're taking our constituents jobs. Yes, yes. We're taking away your job. Yes. China will be a world leader in chips. Yes. So great. We aren't we fantastic. You know, and the thing that really, you know, drives me crazy with all this is like, like I was getting at earlier, if there was some ideological consistency, I would at least be able to say, well, they must really believe this crap. But they obviously don't because you're getting rid of these essential programs, many of them that aren't, don't even cost that much money in the span of a budget.


Like, right, like $8 million or something. That might sound like a lot of money. It is a lot of money. But in a, in a, in a budget, that's not a lot of money. But you know how these people are full of shit Because what's the big thing that they are trying to push Right now with their big plan? Four and a half trillion dollars in tax cuts to the rich. $19 trillion added to the deficit over 10 years, 19 trillion with a T tri. It's an unfathomable amount of money that they want to add to our national deficit over 10 years because they really don't care about the deficit because they really don't care about the debt.


Because this actually has nothing to do with government spending or being efficient. It's all one big scam to redistribute wealth from the working people of our country to the richest people in our country. You know what a Ponzi scheme is? You want me to show you what a Ponzi scheme is? You want me to show it to you in real time? What it looks like when a government becomes an authoritarian Ponzi scheme regime. Well, here's Donald Trump at the join session saying, here's how we are going to deal with the fact that giving billionaires 4.5 trillion in tax cuts, cutting 880 billion in Medicaid, 400 billion from farmers, 300 billion, 400 billion from education, billions from infrastructure.


You wanna know their plan? Here it is right here where they talk about the Trump Gold card. Everybody, the Trump Gold card here. Let's play it with That goal in mind. We have developed in great detail what we are calling the gold card, which goes on sale very, very soon. For $5 million. We will allow the most successful job creating people from all over the world to buy a path to US citizenship. It's like the green card, but better and more sophisticated. And these people will have to pay tax in our country. They won't have to pay tax from where they came, the money that they've made.


You wouldn't wanna do that. But they have to pay tax, create jobs. They'll also be taking people out of colleges and paying for them so that we can keep them in our country instead of having them be being forced out. Number one at the top school, as an example, being forced out and not being allowed to stay and create tremendous numbers of jobs and great success for a company out there. So while we take out the criminals killers trap, There's gonna be a gold card for Russian oligarchs, Chinese oligarchs. If you've got $5 million, you can buy citizenship in the United States. By the way, there's a US code section, which specifically actually says selling citizenship is a crime punishable by more than like 10 years.


But I'm sure, I'm sure they've calibrated that somehow in, in the code. But the whole thing is like a Ponzi scheme plan where they're saying, look, the way we're gonna do reconciliation and deal with the $19 trillion deficit is we're gonna sell Trump gold cards to Russian and Chinese and other oligarchs. We're gonna sell 10 million of them, which is going to bring in $50 trillion into the United States. And then we're all, everyone's, you're gonna be super wealthy. Remember they were doing this as well with Doge, but they kind of backed off it. Doge is gonna find so much waste that you're gonna get a Doge dividend to everybody, and you're gonna, you're gonna be rich.


Or remember Donald Trump saying, I'm gonna go into Fort Knox. Me and Elon, we're gonna go into Fort Knox and we're gonna find all of this gold, gold, gold, gold. It's a new gold rush, everybody. It's a scam. It's a scam. It's a scam to help the billionaires while harming you. Unless you are a billionaire, this stuff is going to screw you. It's transparent, it's obvious, it's before us Right now. We can see it all. And we're gonna call it out each and every day here on the Midas Touch Network. And on the Midas Touch podcast, we have to keep up with this frenzied pace of what the, of this fraud from this Trump regime.


We have to call it out. We have to deconstruct it, and we have to remind everybody about what his play is. This play is to bring attention to himself, help the billionaires and screw the workers. He promised that he was going to lower prices, not rise, not raise prices. They didn't talk about that. He said there would be peace in Ukraine. He lied, but his whole life is being a liar and a con artist. He's been found liable for fraud. He's been found, he's been found. He was criminally convicted for 34 felony accounts.


We see it over and over and over again. We're not gonna back down here at the Midas Touch Network. For those new to the Midas Touch podcast, welcome to the show. It's an honor to have you here and an honor to have you be part of the Midas Mighty Pro-democracy community. Thank you to everyone who's been here from day one or who's been with us on this journey from whenever. Thank you, thank you, thank you. And let's keep getting out our message each and every day. Now, please make sure you subscribe to our YouTube channel. Please make sure you subscribe to our audio podcast as well. Leave a five star review on that audio podcast.


A lot of those Rogan followers, we're trying to put negative comments and reviews on the audio podcast stuff. So please, If you watch it and you like it, make sure it's accurate, give it a five star review on audio as well. Set your notifications on to the Midas Touch Network as well on YouTube that allows you to get updates when all of our new videos get released. Midas plus.com, it's a great place for you to check out where our editor-in-chief, Ron Philip Kowski, gives a great daily update on everything that happened. patreon.com/midas Touch is a great place to check out as well. Brett, I'll let you take it away, and If you have any final words before giving that shout out to the mighty, I'll send it.


Shout out to the Midas mighty The Can't Get Enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast Right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs, syn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libs syn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.