
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com. Today


The NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA, Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and Wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg dot org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one. Ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs Apply


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker. It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, M resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.


So where is Melania? Well, we know she's selling meme coins or I'm not sure if you can even call that. We know her meme coin is absolutely tanking and it's lost over 82, 80 3% of its value. We know she's selling a documentary of herself that no one wants to watch to Amazon for like $40 million. Can you say quid pro quo, Jeff Bezos. But where is she? I mean, seriously. She did attend on Thursday a ceremony giving former First Lady, the late Barbara Bush, a stamp more on that in a little bit, but that was one of, I would say maybe four or five times we've actually seen Melania.


You know, the New York Times wrote this article, and this is what it's called, a most sensitive subject in the White House. Where is Melania? I mean, doesn't want to be anywhere near Donald Trump. I mean, we've known that and we've reported that on before. You know, it's funny, in this article from the New York Times, they're like, you know, sources charitably. Say she's been at the White House about 14 times in the a hundred plus days that Donald Trump's spinning office charitably. I think that probably means she's been there about four or five days. So like where is she physically? I think she's most frequently in New York, which Donald call, which Donald Trump calls a hellscape and they love to attack New York.


And she's at the apartment there where Baron goes to school. And then I think also she's at Mar-a-Lago, but she doesn't want to be anywhere near Donald unless she's making money and grifting, or unless she's making a public appearance. Like when she was at Pope Francis' funeral, which Donald Trump said, oh, that's so, such an incredible funeral, such a great time that you have. Who calls it a great time? Let me show you what went down first on Thursday where she was at this Barbara Bush stamp ceremony that I think nobody wanted her to be at. I mean, here's what she said. It's hard to even understand what she's saying, but here's what she said at this Barbara Bush ceremony, play this clip, The unveiling of this commemorative stamp honors Barbara Bush's contributions as First Lady and her enduring impact on our nation may distribute, inspire us to lead with compassion, act with strength, and uphold the values that direct us or us toward meaningful existence.


Thank you. But As we go through the Melania appearances, if you will, it's about grifting. It's about making money for herself. Take a look at the official Melania meme, coin dollar sign, Melania, that's how, what They call it, you, you see what that looks like right there with the green going all the way up and then crashing? Well, I, I, I guess you could say that that's what Donald Trump has turned the American economy into. It's like a Melania or dollar sign Trump meme coin. But there she is, the meme coins. Absolutely an utter disaster. By the way, with Trump memes coin, I think there were like 50 wallets that made money in 776,000 that lost money just literally screwing people over.


Then right here it says, first Lady Melania Trump scores win for America's foster youth with $25 million investment. That was one of the PR scams they wanted to announce funding is a game changer, changer in providing young adults with access to short-term housing assistance. So I'm like, she secures an investment $25 million. That sounds like a lot of money. What are we talking about here? So you gotta go into the article and they're talking about, they're acting like she secured this Melania announced Friday that a $25 million foster youth investment will be included in Trump's 20 20 20 20 20 sis 2026 fiscal year budget.


The funds will go to the US Department of Housing and Urban Developments, foster Youth to Independence program to support young people who are transitioning out of foster care. Let me be very clear. Way more money than $25 million should be invested in HUD and specifically this program. But this is one of those examples where Melania is a scammer and Fox is a scammer, and they treat us all like we're actually stupid. 'cause if you actually look at the budget, $26 billion with a b has been cut from HUD in their Section eight housing portion alone, $33 billion total from hud.


But when it comes from, when it comes to rental assistance programs and just in general, helping low income Americans and other in and other low income Americans and foster care Americans, just generally, we're talking about 26.7 billion to $33 billion in cuts, and they're acting like $25 million is somehow a win that Melania secured as though it's her money. Don't they act like they act like this is their money? It's the taxpayer money. And what you're actually doing in this budget is you're adding $120 billion more to defense spending. So you can have a trillion dollars, you're adding $44 billion to immigration crackdown.


So you can do publicity stunts and not actually do deportations with dignity or actually have a functioning immigration system. But yes, $33 billion cut from HHS 12 billion from education funding, $15 billion from infrastructure funding on climate change, $34 billion from hud and it's eviscerating HUD by over 40%. So don't brag about like, you know, oh, you, you, we, we should be thankful for what you're doing here. This what you're really doing, Milani is while nobody sees you at the White House and who spent like four days there, he here we have over here what Milani is doing.


She's selling necklaces for $600 and $200. That's what she is doing. But may I bring some receipts, Melania, because first, let me show you what your complicit in this is, Melania, when Donald Trump was running the first time where she de where she said that it was merely locker room talk when Donald Trump brags about sexually assaulting women, which Donald Trump was found liable for sexual assault as well. Here's Melania. I don't feel bad for her. She is a complicit actor in all of this. Here play this clip. He described it as, as locker room. Talk to you. I mean, you sort of alluded to that as well.


Is that what it is to you? Just locker room talk. Yeah, I it's kind of two teenage boys. Actually. They should behave better, right? He was 59, correct. And sometimes I said, I have two boys at home. I have my young son and I have my husband. So, but I, I know how some men talk and that's, that's how I saw it. Yes.


I can't even begin to imagine all of the money that I've spent on skincare and beauty products over the years to battle issues like acne and damaged hair and eczema, change in hair color, rashes, et cetera. But I recently realized that I was completely overlooking the most fundamental step, the water I shower in. Julie is a beauty wellness company that purifies the water we shower in for better skin, hair, and overall wellbeing. Jolie's filtered shower head is best in class for removing chlorine and heavy metals. It's the only lab tested and clinically trialed filtering shower head on the market. And Jolie is clinically proven to reduce hair shedding in 81% of people lab tested to reduce hair friz by 40%. Lab tested to maintain color retention and lab tested to protect the hair's surface layer. Jolie shower heads have a beautiful, sleek design, the perfect combination of form and function. Jolie still gives strong water pressure and fits all showers. As the plumbing pipe size is universal. Jolie will give you your best skin and hair guaranteed. Head to Jolie skin co.com/ Midas Plus to try it out for yourself with free shipping. That's Jolie skin co.com/midas for free shipping. And if you don't like it, you can return your Jolie for a full refund within 60 days. No questions asked. Jolie is also available on Amazon and select Alta stores. Get yours now.


So now let me pull out some receipts, shall I? Let me introduce you to Natasha Stoff, who alleges Donald Trump assaulted her. Play this Clip. My name is Natasha Steinhoff. In 2005, I went to interview Donald Trump at Mar-a-Lago. At one point, Melania went upstairs to change her clothes for the next photo shoot. And Trump said to me, I wanna show you this beautiful painting, this beautiful room. He leads me to this room, pushing me against the wall and starts kissing me forcefully. I tried to push him, he kept coming back at me. I was in shock and smothered and he had his hands here against my shoulders. I felt sick inside. I felt horrified. And thank goodness a butler charges into the room. Like many women, I blamed myself.


So Trump turned to me and said, you know, we're gonna affair, don't you? And Milani was approaching. I was horrified when the Access Hollywood tape came out and also stories of many other women, including I Jean Carroll. I realized I was not to blame that he was just a predator of women. What could have happened if the butler had not come into the room? Donald Trump is an adjudicated sexual assaulter. Now let me introduce you to Jessica Leeds, who alleges that Donald Trump assaulted her. 1979. I had gotten on an airplane. The steward has said to me, would you like to come up to first class in the window? Seat was a gentleman that said that his name was Donald Trump. The airplane took off and all of a sudden Donald Trump started groping me.


He was trying to kiss me and I'm trying to push him away. He was basically overpowering me when he started putting his hand up my skirt. I got out of the seat, grabbed my purse and went back to my original seat. And I certainly was shook up by the whole thing. Two years later at this fundraiser up comes Trump and his wife and he looked at me and he said, I remember you hear that cunt from the airplane. Donald Trump views women as for his entertainment. He is a serial predator. He has said it, point blank and he's done it and he will continue to do it.


Let me introduce you to Stormy Daniels. Here's what she has to say. Oh, is this the one? It said nothing. Lemme introduce you to Karen McDougall. Here's what she has to say. You Had, you said you had had text that first time all these times you saw him. This was an ongoing sexual relationship. Absolutely. Can you estimate how many times you actually saw him? I can tell you we saw each other a minimum five times a month up, up to bigger numbers per month. So we over The course of how long? So we were together 10 months before I chose to end it. So we saw each other quite frequently. So dozens of times you were together?


Many Dozens of times, yes. And you were intimate? Yes. Dozen, many dozens of times. Did he ever use protection? No. No, I Didn't. Was that something you thought about or it didn't concern you at the time? You know, we talked about it right beforehand. He, he was starting to, and then he is like, I don't like these things and you know, we discuss things. Do you do blah, blah, blah. And we were just honest with each other and we didn't, we didn't use any. Now Russia is enjoying all of this as part of their mockery of Donald Trump in the United States state Regime Media in Moscow has frequently been showing Melania and nudes over and over again while their hosts mock Melania over and over again.


And they show all her photos from when she was a nude model. That's what you wanna call it. Melania has previously posted, why do I stand proudly behind my nude modeling work? And by the way, I I showed you Karen McDougall, there's Karen McDougall, there's Ivanka, there's Melania all standing there partying together. That was shortly around the Epstein days for, for Donald when he would party with Epstein, right? It was right around that time period, a little later, I think. But in the, in the late nineties. And, and we all know how Melania and met Donald Trump, of course, she was introduced by a guy named Paulo Oli, who now has some like ambassadorship.


Donald Trump appointed him to a big, like ambassadorship role, but he ran a modeling agency. She was an Eastern European model. He would have the model show up at these parties at the Kit Kat Club, wealthy Manhattan men would be invited in the nineties. And that's how Melania ultimately met Donald through that. Now, I, I, I had the opportunity to interview Stephanie Winston Wilco about all of this, and this was a little bit before the election, but here, Stephanie Winston Wilco tells me what she thinks about all of this play, this clip, Melania, and I always say this, everything she does is intentional.


And every appearance she makes is something that again, we let her, she lets her clothing speak for herself. You know, she does not plan on putting herself in a position where she's going to be the object of conversation unnecessarily. I think Melania and Donald, and I've said it all along, you know, it is the Mark Burnett rollout production show. Their marriage was one made for both of them that put them both on the map and strategically, it made them both, you know, acceptable to millions of Americans homes that they were entering into with the apprentice.


So we have to roll back to really understand their relationship as to what legitimized their relationship, making her the supermodel and making him the businessman. And now here we have a woman, a mother, a wife, who has not been by her husband's side whatsoever. And I would say several years ago, she would've been there more. Now after the conviction that Donald has just faced with the hush money, criminal felony case in New York City, she's going to be around less and less. He will continue to move forward. His base doesn't need her there, nor do they really, you know, would it really change the dial in whether or not they were consider him as their be all end all because they will.


But as far as Melania's concerned, she's going to keep her head low. She's going to only do what she wants to do. But she and Donald, I do not believe are ever, ever going to part ways. You know, I wonder now, when it comes to Melania though, if one of the things she's nervous about is what happened to Donald Trump's first wife, Ivana. Remember when the daily male reported that Trump's wife, Ivana first wife Ivana, was buried in a cordon off grave in Bedminster that was barely visible in a completely overgrown area and the 506 acre golf course, apparently, or allegedly.


So Donald Trump could get tax exemptions or tax write-offs by turning the golf course into a cemetery in an area where he buried his first wife after she fell downstairs. Well, anyway, okay, no Melania, I guess she's talking about stamps. Who knows? Grifting losing money for people. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. New Midas Merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, pads, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot Midas Touch dot com.