
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


One of the things I talk about a lot on this network is the circus and embarrassment that comes along with Donald Trump, the ultimate circus clown, and we've talked about his appointments. We should also talk about one of his other appointments. Melania Trump, his third wife, his first wife now is buried in the back lot of Bedminster in the swampy area. Basically an unmarked grave with shrubs growing over It kind of like what Melania did to the Rose Garden the first time around where she literally destroyed our beautiful rose garden in the White House and turned it into some gothic nightmare mess looking thing.


In any event, Melania back at it again, humiliating Trump. Humiliating the nation humiliating herself. So President Biden, typical Biden, Dr. Jill Biden graciousness invites Donald Trump to the White House. It was a hard image to even watch that happen. I'm not gonna show the image here, but Melania refused to show up Melania's office. Now the office of Melania Trump put out the following statement. Mrs. Trump will not be attending today's meeting at the White House. Her husband's return to the Oval Office to commence the transition process is encouraging and she wishes him great success.


In this instance, several unnamed sources in the media continue to provide false, misleading and inaccurate information. Be discerning with your source of news. You know what you're talking about. And by the way, do you have AI just writing that? Is that artificial intelligence writing that? But Melania did have enough time to do something, not to be gracious and show up at the White House and shake Dr. Jill Biden's hand. Nope. What she did do was sell images of herself for $195. Here's what she is promoting Now. The grift continues, and as I said, this is so undignified. This is so utterly embarrassing.


It's contemptuous. It's tacky. What is this? She writes on. This is what Melania Trump posts while not going to the White House on the move. A series of new photographs capturing my journey. Each image showcases the art of being present while moving forward into an exciting new world. Like what the hell does that even mean? Each in the art of being present, the art of being present while moving forward into an exciting new world. I truly don't even understand the sentence. Maybe you understand it, I don't know. But then I click this image And. it goes to a website. Okay? I can buy now this limited photography series of about her being present while moving into a new and exciting world, $195.


So while she and MAGA complain about the prices of eggs, which by the way are down, inflation's down America got inflation under control better than any other country in the world. Our GDP growth setting records, unemployment at record lows. Were energy independent for the first time. Right now, our stock market before Trump won, was setting records. 70 straight days of setting records, all time highs. 50, 60% above where the market was when Trump was in office. Unemployment, as I said, at record lows, manufacturing. Boom. I can go on and on and on, but I know MAGA was complaining about prices. But you're spending $195 on an exclusive collection of images showcasing Melania's Dynamic life featuring her in various settings from her office and the campaign trail to her home.


The photographs captured by the esteemed Belgian photographer, not even an American photographer. They use a Belgian photographer. By the way, I'm sure Belgian photographers are good, but not even an American photographer offer a poignant glimpse into her fast moving life, her fast moving life. I thought it was about being present while moving forward. In any event, by the way, Fox News, which isn't news at all, they wrote a story on this because their propaganda, Kim Jong-un style tv. So they had to praise this collection. A whole story on Fox Melania Trump launches on the Move digital photo series highlighting quote, her fast moving life. The $195 collection includes 16 digital images showcasing Trump Brook Singman wrote that I mean.


That's really what you're spending your time writing. Brook Singman Trump rolled out her on the Move Limited edition digital photo series. It includes 16 digital images showcasing Trump in various settings. The photo I mean it's literally just her. Po I mean. It's literally propaganda. They took the press release and they posted it and press sin. That's what Kim Jong-un propaganda media is, right? That's what Putin Media is now. It's here in the us And it is freaking embarrassed. Like you should. We should all be embarrassed by the who, who's into that. Donald Trump is sending emails though, selling crap as well. He's still selling things after the election photo from Trump.


And you look at it, it goes, sign victory photo from Trump signed limited edition. You click on it for $50, you qualify for it. You don't even get it for a hundred dollars. You can claim it for $250 and a thousand dollars. You can claim it as well. By the way, on election night itself, when there was the photo of the Trump family, Elon Musk was in that photo. You see Elon Musk right there. But no, first, no, Melania now the first lady. Yeah. But Melania is selling, by the way, or someone selling with her approval or implied or otherwise photographs with her face on it.


$500 Melania Bills. Everybody. You can get a fake $500 bill for 9 99. Who wouldn't want a fake $500 Melania Bill? What are they doing in Russia? What is Putin doing? It's mocking the crap out of the United States right now. They are feasting in Russia. They find us to be the dumbest country. They are laughing at what just transpired? Russia. You know how Trump goes, Joe La They're literally laughing at us right now. Look, I'm not gonna play the, the full video right here 'cause I've showed it before.


They are running continuing segments on the evening news, news showing Melania nudes over and over again and saying, your body, your choice America. Guess it's your body, your choice. And the way state run media works in Russia, Vladimir Putin controls it. So Vladimir Putin tells them and the Kremlin tells them what to report. So they're making very intentional decisions to show Putin's dominance over Donald Trump by continuing to show nudes of Melania while mocking her. And the hosts are actually like laughing as they show the nudes.


Do you make coffee at home? While it only takes one minute to transform your experience forever. Thanks to our friends at Trade With Trade, you'll discover that the secret to making amazing coffee is too well start with amazing coffee perfectly matched to your taste, roasted to Otter, and deliver directly from America's top independent roasters. And you know, as the resident coffee geek here at Midas, I would not just recommend any coffee service. No matter how you brew or what equipment you prefer, getting coffee from trade is the easiest way to instantly improve your at-home coffee experience trade partners with top independent roasters from small towns across the USA places you'd love to visit, and they handpick the best coffees for you to enjoy delivered fresh to your door on your schedule. I've been trying a few roasts from trade and each one has been incredibly fresh and full of flavor. I love that first moment when you open the bag. The aroma is incredible. My mornings feel like a real coffee shop experience right now, but honestly, way better. And I don't have to leave my house and spend a lot of money. My wife and I always brew the latest beans we get from trade and have a little coffee date each morning. It's honestly the highlight of our day. And Tre just sent us this good vibes coffee from a roaster called Greater Goods Coffee. Coffee in Austin. It was awesome. Don't settle for Okay, coffee. Head to drink trade.com/midas to receive your first bag free. That's drink trade.com/ ME IDAs To. get your first bag free with any new subscription.


Lon of though, you know, as we've talked about for the past year, for those who are watching and paying attention to all of this, she has this pattern of grifting. First, the political action committees of Trump would pay her hair stylist or whatever was like $15,000 a month or $20,000 a month, something ridiculous. Quite almost like a million dollars over the past three years. Went to her stylist for like monthly work, whatever, whatever you need to be doing for a month at, at that rate. She, she also appropriates the symbols of America. Like this one right here, lady Liberty, and she'll take the Lady Liberty symbol and then she'll sell fake gold chains or gold chains or other tchotchkes, you know, for $300, $500.


But she, she appropriates our symbols in the United States to make money for her herself, just utterly despicable. Then you just think about, I've, I've done a video on this before, so I won't do the deep dive here about how Melania met Donald at the Kit Kat Club in New York. She was a young eastern European woman who worked at this modeling agency that was run by a guy named Palo Z, who would bring in eastern young eastern European women, and then they would meet the wealthy Manhattan men at these Kit Kat Club parties. And that's where Melania met Donald. She was an immigrant. Her process was expedited because she was given a Einstein visa genius visa status, which expedited her whole process.


And then she got her citizenship and then anchored her family members to come in here and they basically got their process expedited as well. Utterly despicable. But enough with Melania, let me show you Dr. Jill Biden. And so, you know, you know this election in many ways, you had people who were just the exact kind of opposites, setting aside Vice President Kamala Harris, right? And President Biden, you had someone who won, regardless of if you're religious or not. I'm not making this a religious thing, but you know, there's a lot of religious people out there. So I voted for Trump because he's biblical I mean Donald Trump never went to church in his life.


Donald Trump hates religion. He just pretends he likes it. In, in President Biden, you had someone who literally went to church every week, someone who loved his family and loves his family unconditionally every day, whose family first with everything. You can see the love on the family. A, a, a loving marriage with Dr. Jill Biden, photos of, of, of, of, I love you, Jill. I love you, Joe, back and forth. I mean exactly what you would think of to be, you know, a, a quintessential American love story of the highest caliber. You, you couldn't script this if you were to find like the American love story, you know, on, in Hollywood of what it was like, how Jill met Joe.


Then on the other hand, you had Trump go into the Kit Kat Club where he, before that he was previously partying with Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell and doing all of those things and, and running like preteen fashion shows or modeling shows like Growth Girls on Boats, I mean discussing. Then later on meets Meia at the Kit Kat Club separately. You then on the other hand, you got Joe and Jill and putting Christmas trees and lights and actually showing real love and, and America was given that test that, that litmus test right here. So show you some more of these photos right here.


Beautiful photos of President Biden and Jill Biden. So let me do this first I'm gonna play you Melania, then I'm gonna play you Dr. Jill Biden. Okay? The Melania clip. I cut it so it's very short 'cause I don't want you to listen to a long Melania clip. But here is Melania, where back in December of 2023, she was speaking to a group of immigrants who were just getting their US citizenship, by the way, under Trump's policy, now, they'll likely be de naturalized and deported. That's what Trump's de naturalization policy is that Tom Holman wants to carry out. But here Melania is talking about how her citizenship process was easy 'cause she had expensive lawyers.


Play this one first here, play this clip. And then of course there are nuances of understanding the United States immigration laws and the complex legal language contained their in. I was very devoted, but I certainly was not an attorney. And e eventually it pro provide critical for me to sur to retain counsel. I was fortunate to do so as ultimately my journey was streamlined and brought me over the finish line as a naturalized citizen.


While challenges were numerous, there were rewards were well worth effort. And now let me compare that to Dr. Jill Biden, play this clip. But Donald Trump, He spent a lifetime tearing us down and devaluing our existence. Yes, yes. He mocks women's bodies disrespects our accomplishments and brags about assault. Yes. Now he's bragging about killing Roe v Wade, just last night, he took credit again for enabling states like Georgia to pass cruel abortion bans that are taking away the right of women to make their own healthcare decisions.


How far will he go? When will he stop? Alright. You know the answer. He won't, he won't, he won't. He said it himself last night in his own words. He's considering a national abortion ban. Donald Trump is dangerous Yes. To women and to our families. Yes. How, how I-I-I-I-I can't answer the how, but I can answer the what, which is what will we do?


What will we do? I just pledge here at the Midas Touch Network to work every day tirelessly to talk about even more than politics, these values of love and compassion and family and, and democracy and, and, and just talk real because the how is inexplicable, but the, what we can do about it is reconnect with those values and principles more than anything about how we should be just as human beings and how we should treat each other. Thanks for watching.


Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thank you. Thank you. Real quick, meta just changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.