
One of Donald Trump's former closest aides told us exclusively here on the Midas Touch Network that he believes no one hates Donald Trump in the world more than Melania Trump. Other than the former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of staff, mark Millie, I had the opportunity to interview Anthony Scaramucci, who served within the Trump White House for one Scaramucci short period of time, but he knew Trump well and he told us that exclusively here on the Midas Touch Network, it made national headlines. The top story on the Daily Beast was Anthony Scaramucci drops bombshell Melania claims that was on the Midas Touch Network. The Times of India reported Melania hates Donald Prefers Kamala Harris claims Donald Trump XA radar online.


Read the headline, fire Trump Aid claims Melania Hates Donald and prefers Kamala Harris in Wild New interview on Midas Touch. And then the Daily Mail reported Anthony Scaramucci makes bizarre claim about Melania as he continues bitter war against Donald Trump for firing him. And then the Independent ran the headline X Trump aid claims. He's met only one person who hates former president more than Melania. The Mooch. Anthony Scaramucci said he judges people's hatred of the former president using the Melania standard.


Those were the headlines. I could show you a bunch more, but let me show you right now what Anthony Scaramucci told us exclusively here on the Midas Touch Network that's now making national and international headlines play this clip. I'm Saying no one Wants no, you're saying no one wants her to win more than You. Nobody wants her to. Nobody wants her to win more than me. Maybe Melania Trump. That could be the only person I think of, you know? 'cause she hates him. Like I, I drudge the hatred of Donald Trump by the Melania standard like Ben hates Trump, but slightly less than Melania. My wife hates Trump as much as Melania. I've met one person that actually hates Trump more than Melania. That's General Mille. He's the only guy I've met so far that actually hates him more than Melania.


You know what I mean? Well, I always judge the hatred of Trump by the Melania standard. Well, Trump called for the former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Mille to be killed. Yes, he called for him to be. He's the despicable guy for doing that. And it's also caused a threat to General Mille and his family. And the fact that we're even talking about an enemy's list in a country like ours, which is the longest standing Republican representative democracy, 250 years. It's just a disgusting thing that we're actually had this guy. But I blame the Republicans, I blame the Cowardly Republicans that allowed him to facilitate the takeover of their party. And now we have to put up with this nonsense.


So no doubt. Anthony Scaramucci is a Trump Insider, a former Trump Insider. So he has insight into that But. you know, we at the Midas Touch Network want to get our data from multiple sources and we have multiple insiders. So how about Melania's? Former best friend Stephanie Winston Woff, who's a close friend of mine who you've probably seen appear on the Midas Touch Network multiple times and a bunch of our other shows. So here's what Stephanie Winston Woff had to say. She says that Melania's relationship with Donald Trump, she refers to it as not just a transactional relationship, but a transactional criminal enterprise is how it was phrased by Melania's former best friend.


Again, who knows Melania better than these people who were getting here on the Midas Touch Network. This is Stephanie Winston Woff talking about it here. play this clip Between her texts and Signal and WhatsApp and also her many different emails that she uses, that there absolutely is, you know, going to be evidence that shows that she understood what was going on and that she was a part of everything that really does go on with Donald and is very much aligned with his thinking and the way that they support each other. Forget about being a transactional couple. They are transactional criminal, you know, enterprise and I, I feel that finally Melania, I don't know, you know, again, I'm not a lawyer, so I can't say spouses are protected when it comes to this kind of exposure, but they shouldn't be because if you're part of a criminal enterprise and you're actually, you know, a part of a criminal conspiracy to do everything again, as you've just read, the list goes on and on and on, then I am hoping to see some accountability with both Donald Amal Trump.


I have to tell you about this game changing product I used before, A night out with drinks. It's called Pre-Cool. Let's face it. After a night of drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. I used to feel like I had to make AdChoices. I could either have a great night or a great next day, but now I don't have to choose thanks to pre alcohol biotics. Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's actually this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your next rough day. Pre alcohol produces an enzyme that breaks this byproduct down. Just remember to make Z biotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I pre alcohol, before drinks, I notice a difference. The next day, even after a night out, I could confidently plan on getting up early for a workout or handling a busy work day Without worry, I won't lie. I was a bit on the fence about pre alcohol at first, but then while hanging out with some friends at a rooftop bar, I gave it a shot. I had my first pre-cool before my go-to Margarita, and the next morning I felt amazing, just like my normal self ready to take on the day. I kept hearing about pre-cool and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I believe the hype and with their GMO technology biotics is working on more products to address other toxic byproducts of modern living in the gut. Go to biotics.com/midas to learn more and get 15% off your first when you use the code Midas at checkout. That's M-E-I-D-A-S-Z. Biotics is backed by a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to z biotics.com/midas and use that code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off.


And look, you have all of the indicia of Melania hating Donald Trump and also the transactional aspect of it. You wanna talk about the transactional aspect of it. The one event that Melania went to, I think recently in connection with the Trump campaign was a Log Cabin Republican event where Melania, in a transactional way was paid $274,000 to give a speech. Now, we don't have video of her log cabin speech, but we have video of some of the other speeches that she's recently provided, like the speech that she gave at the Library of Congress where she was essentially bragging to new citizens about how her citizenship process was expedited because she got great lawyers.


I'm just gonna show you a clip of this. I'm not really sure if you think this is worth $274,000 to listen to five minutes of this But. you know, I'll, I'll let you be the judge, play the clip. And then of course there are nuances of understanding the United States immigration laws and the complex legal language contained there in, I was very devoted, but I certainly was not an attorney. And eventually it pro provide critical for me to, to retain counsel. I was fortunate to do so as ultimately my journey was streamlined, as brought me over the finish line as a naturalized citizen.


While challenges were numerous, there were rewards, were well worth effort. And then speaking of the transactional aspect of Melania, you know, she's out there selling a book like this, it's called Melania. The cover looks like the same text as Chanel and it looks like an AI book. Like I don't, that doesn't even look to be like a real book right there. But she's selling that for $150. She's also selling this photo of something called a Meadow Rose. I still have no clue what the hell this is, but she's selling this Meadow Rose for $150. If you understand what in the world that is, go ahead and tell me.


But let me show you. You know, Melania's, and this is going back to Scaramucci point, hatred of Donald Trump. Trump's trying to get Melania to like leave her wherever she is in Mar-a-Lago or her home to accept these, you know, just to be around him so he can be photographed near her. And Melania refuses to show up. So Donald Trump has people at Mar-a-Lago giving her fake awards, like we're giving you the award for helping the kids. And then she still refuses to show up. So Donald Trump accepts the award on her behalf. Here, watch this Put on board. We wanna take this opportunity. I know First Lady couldn't get here, but we wanna give Melania Trump the child advocacy award because she said she just, she did so much for children when she was the first lady.


So sir, this is, Thank you. Please make your, And you want to take a look at some of the things that Donald Trump's been saying about Melania on the campaign trail like this. Donald Trump says that Melania knows that he doesn't like to get urinated on by hookers. That's what Donald Trump said in a high school. He said he doesn't like golden showers. And He said, Melania knows that he doesn't like to get peed on by hookers. And that's what He said in, in a speech, in a gymnasium in a high school in Iowa.


This is the leader of the Republican party that once stood for family values. Here's what he's talking about. Here play this clip. He was with four hookers. You think that was good that night to go up and tell my wife? It's not true, darling, I love you very much. It's not true. Actually, that one she didn't believe. 'cause she said he's a germaphobe. He's not into that. You know, he's not into golden showers, as they say. They called it. He's not. I don't like that idea. No, I didn't. I thought that would be a big problem. I was gonna have a rough night. But that one she was very good on. She said No. And here's Donald Trump at another speech saying that he would not cheat on Melania with a porn star who has a horse face.


And he goes, no affair with the horse face referring to Stormy Daniels, the adult film actress who he had sex with while Melania had just given birth to Barron. So you can hear that for yourself. This is part of Donald Trump's campaign, stump speech, play this clip. You Know, Marjorie is here Truth to vote. And they found at least 5 million instances on tape and the courts didn't want to even look at it. The district attorney of New York, under the auspices and direction of the Department of Injustice in Washington, DC was investigating me for something that is not a crime, not a misdemeanor, not an affair.


I never liked horse face, I never liked my mother. It's just not, it's terrible for me. That wouldn't be the one. There is no one. We have a great First Lady By the way. Isn't it just so insane the different standards that candidates are held to? Right? vice President. Kamala Harris has to be pitch perfect in her interview. She has to detail every specific policy. If the lighting's off, if her energy is slightly less than people would like, you know, you hear all the corporate media saying, is she tired? Why didn't she go into more detailed plans about how she wants to implement her $6,000 child tax credit?


Is that going to be, you know, adding to the deficit? We need more details. I mean, Donald Trump's out there talking about getting peed on by hookers and he's calling porn stars who he had sex with. Horse faces. Like, what are we even talk what for real? Like what are we even talk? How's this even a conversation that's even taking place at all? But I digress. You know, this wasn't the first time Anthony Scaramucci broke news on the Midas Touch Network. You may remember Scaramucci came on and about two or three years ago, you know, you, you could see, I think me and my brothers like a bit younger here. He went on this incredible tear about Kevin McCarthy, which just like, not Kevin McCarthy out, this is one of the greatest Kevin McCarthy takedowns.


That's why I love having Scaramucci. I love having the mooch on the show because he does some really great takedowns. and we always make national and international news when we talk together here, watch this. What Was McCarthy Like in Private? So McCarthy has morphed into this principle list coward. Okay? But when he was a younger guy, you know, he was an acolyte of Jack Kemp, and I dunno if you remember Jack Kemp, but Jack was the conservative, but he was the garden variety. Loved everybody conservative. He played in the NFL. He had a huge following in the African American community. And he was an acolyte alongside of Eric Cantor and Paul Ryan. And then, you know, he was aspiring to the speaker of the house.


He got caught doing something personally, he got knocked outta that job. So Paul Ryan reluctantly took it. But where Kevin is now in his life, he's my age, he's 57. Looks like shit. Because what happens is when you are working for Donald Trump, he's poisoning you from the inside. Okay? Now the good news is the good Lord saved my ass. I got ejected like an Austin Powers villain. And so I got saved from that shit. But he was putting the poison in these people. And that's why Kevin looks like he's fucking 200 years old. But he's my age and he is so ambitious. Ted Cruz, he is so ambitious, he's so ego.


Ted Cruz is like seven, eight years younger than me. Look at that. I said, look at Ted Cruz. I know I had to show you that I digressed from my Melania rant for a second, but let me show you this as well. So. you know, Donald Trump's certainly been spending a lot more time with, you know, other people like Alina Haba than Melania. You have Alina Haba going around, following Donald Trump. She calls herself a senior advisor. She wears hats like this with Donald Trump's face on it, with Donald Trump giving the middle finger. She's posting selfie videos of herself in bathing suits like this. This is what, this is what she's posting of herself. And she says, looks like the Harris Biden shrink IFL is even affecting the, is even affecting the fish.


I, I gotta mix. Why are you posting that? And then she gave a speech recently in Johnstown. She's like the warmup act to Donald Trump. And here's what Alina Haba said at that speech. And you know, obviously Trump seems to be favoring her more than Melania. But you can judge that for yourself here at play. That clip, Ladies and gentlemen, I don't know if you saw her on CNN, but let me be very clear. I'm an American woman. I am a MAGA woman and I don't need a man standing next to me to get up and speak.


So while Ms. Harris is too busy trying not to giggle in front of the American people, I am gonna get my hands dirty and help President Trump save This country. I'll leave you with this. George Conway responded to the story of Scaramucci and, and George Conway said the following, he goes, lemme pull it up. George Conway goes, sorry Scaramucci, the order of people who hate Donald Trump the most is Melania me. Then you on this one, I am making the rules and just for no reason at all, I just wanna show you this video of Governor Walls because after showing you the grossness of this Trump Melania thing, I, I want to, I want to give myself and you a little bit of joy.


So here's Governor Walls at the Minnesota State Fair play, this clip. Alright, Minnesota Breakfast of Champions pork Chop on a stick. I've traveled to a lot of state fairs while Iowa has a nice one. It does not compare with Minnesota and the pork chops here, the ba I'm having Two. Well, there you have it folks. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers by the election. Thanks for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.