
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear, $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem drive and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem drive.com Today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. Oh, what? Nice. They have my favorite brand. This is like a whole new bu I buy too. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great bridge? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


The new KFC dunk it bucket with juicy original recipe tenders. New mashed potato poppers, crispy fries, plus three sauces that fit right on top of the lid. So you can dunk anywhere. You can dunk at the game dunk while security points to the no outside food sign and dunk as 20,000 people watch you and your dunk it bucket get removed from the stadium dunk almost anywhere with the new $7 KFC dunk it bucket, or get the double dunk it bucket for 25. Prices and participation vary while supplies last Texas tips and fees extra.


She's back. Donald Mexico's very popular president, Claudia Scheinbaum holding more press conferences where she kind of very politely just shoes Donald Trump off. And she's like, you know this Trump regime? They have a way of speaking. They're kind of just fools. Okay, Donald, you wanna try to now do tariffs against our tomatoes? Okay, then that just means that the Americans are gonna pay 21% more for their tomatoes. They're still gonna buy our tomatoes, Donald. This is after Trump's latest gambit, after losing, losing and losing more, he's gonna tariff the tomatoes that Mexico sends to the United States.


Mexico's the biggest supplier of tomatoes. And let me be clear, while it's very, very, very important that we here in the United States are supporting first and foremost our American tomato farmers, there has to be some part of broader plan so that Americans who are already suffering because of Donald Trump's failed policies are not quite literally paying 21% more for things based on Trump's recklessness. So here's what President Claudia Scheinbaum of Mexico said, where she was like, they have a way of talking about things this, these, these people in America, just like she's basically calling them clowns.


No offense to real clowns, which is a real profession. Donald Trump is a fascist clown. Play this clip. No, let's see. They have their As, as I have always said, they have their way of communicating. What we have always said and will always uphold it, is our principle, our conviction. And moreover, how it should be to protect the nation and the people of Mexico, is that there is coordination, there is collaboration, information is shared, but without subordination and with respect for our sovereignty, that is always mentioned. So that is the level of coordination of collaboration that exists.


And while there is a security cabinet that is working every day, every day and also while addressing the causes, and there is a reduction in crimes, and the reduction will continue, it'll continue. Now, here's President Claudia Scheinbaum talking about tomatoes. And she has one of her top officials by her side. And you can see they, they, they're viewing the Trump regime as like a, like an oddity. Like, okay, we've seen this before Here, Play this clip About the tomato. It's important to know this. The Florida produces in tomatoes have accused without reason that Mexican producers sell their tomatoes in the United States below cost, which is not true.


So there is this suspension agreement on dumping until yesterday when the United States withdrew from this agreement until July 14th, when it will already begin the application of this measure for the alleged tricks we have done with 20.91%. The Mexican government was not notified. Lawyers for the tomato producers in the United States were notified. That is, but the amount of tomato exported to the United States cannot be replaced by any other in the world because also the tomato is picked fresh and delivered fresh. But in the case that it even arrived, if this sanction were applied, in any case, Mexican tomatoes would continue to be exported to the United States because they have no substitute.


The main problem would be that tomatoes would be more expensive in the United States. If they want to do it, then they will simply pay 21% more for their tomatoes. This process has been done many times, and Mexico has always won Because folks, we have seen this before. They know the playbook. The world knows that Trump is a con artist, a vile, despicable piece of trash who's a very weak cornered rat. Again, no offense to cornered rats who are of far more dignity than Donald Trump. Like this is Donald Trump. During his first campaign, remember when he said we we're gonna make Mexico pay for it.


Here, Play this clip. Who's Gonna pay for the wall? Who? Hundred percent. A hundred percent. You know, as as I played you, that clip, what I was having a discussion with someone yesterday where I was like, you know, there's so much that I detest and despise and loath about Trump's evil policies. I said, but one of the things too that I just can't get over is this guy's behavior. Like it's not normal. Like you saw that clip of him from the campaign. Like that's not how adult human beings in leadership positions should behave.


If people who you worked with acted like that, you would be like, what the heck is going on? This person Is, is some serious problems. Like you contrast Trump's behavior to President Claudia Scheinbaum. She's dignified, right? She speaks deliberately. She, she's a leader. And Trump's Mexico. Mexico, Mexico. That's why when she goes, oh, he, they, they speak of, this is how they speak there. Like, like, like he's Kim Jong-un. Basically. By the way, here's a montage of Donald Trump making the promise that Mexico is gonna pay for the wall in the first term, which never happened. Play this clip. Who pays for that Wall? Mexico. Mexico. Mexico.


In Mexico. Mexico. Mexico. Mexico. Mexico. Mexico. Mexico. Mexico. Mexico. Mexico. Mexico. Mexico. Mexico. Mexico. Mexico. Mexico. Mexico. Mexico. Mexico. Mexico's, Mexico. Mexico. Mexico. Mexico. Mexico. Mexico, Mexico. Can you imagine, Sean, he's saying Mexico's going to pay, they'll never pay. And I'm saying that's like a hundred percent. That's not like 98% Sean. It's a hundred percent they're gonna pay. Who's gonna pay for the wall?


Are you looking for something simple and delicious to add to your wellness routine? I used to rely on regular honey for my breakfast tea and even salad dressings. But then I found Manukora. And let me tell you, it puts all other honey to shame. Manacor honey is rich, creamy, and the most delicious honey I've ever had. The best part, it's ethically produced by master beekeepers in the remote forests of New Zealand. These bees collect nectar from the Manuka tea tree, which is packed with bioactives, giving Manukora three times more antioxidants and prebiotics than your average honey. Each morning I start my day with a heaped teaspoon of Manukora, letting the creamy texture melt in my mouth and coat my throat. And it's not just a treat. It's packed with powerful nutrients to support my immunity and gut health. And here's something that sets Manukora apart. It contains a special antibacterial compound called MGO, which comes from the Manuka Tea tree. Manukora tests every harvest for MGO and you could see the results yourself through their QR system. It's a honey with superpowers, whether you're adding it to your food or enjoying it straight off the spoon, it's a game changer. Now, it's easier than ever to try Manukora honey. Just head to Manukora dot com slash Midas Plus that's M-E-I-D-A-S to get $25 off the starter kit, which includes an MGO eight 50 plus Manuka honey jar. Five honey travel sticks, a wooden spoon and a guidebook. That's Manukora dot com slash Midas. Plus for $25 OFF your starter kit, start your mornings with Manukora. You'll never go back to ordinary honey.


Now contrast that to Claudia Scheinbaum. Again, these clips I'm showing you are from this week. We AIed the voice because I wanna make sure that our English speaking viewers can hear it too. So I'm, I apologize to our Spanish speaking audience. It's probably like, why are you doing AI voice? But it captures it pretty well, the translation. So he or she is, and she's asked about being one of time magazine's, kind of people of the year right now, one of the most powerful people that Time Magazine said. And watch how she handles it versus how Trump handles it. And you notice that in how she responds. She's taking a subtle jab at Donald Play this clip. Good morning. How are you?


It was Just published by Times Magazine that you are among the 100 most influential people in the world. Some people get dazzled by these things and say, wow. But no, you must always keep your feet on the ground if one does work. That is up to the standards of the people of Mexico. Because as the people of Mexico are the best there is as it is thanks to this bond we have with our movement, with history and with the people not to betray and to be honest, always. Let's say that these recognitions more than to myself are to the people of Mexico. How Would you like History to remember you?


The National Development Plan has already been published. It includes the 100 commitments we made in the Z of Mexico City. And we are going to fulfill all 100. So from our principles, honesty, integrity, above all up to each of the topics we committed to. So there are 100 commitments and in the fourth transformation, commitments are fulfilled. Thank you. And then here's this clip of Claudia Scheinbaum that I think is very powerful as well, where she's convened and international coalition, not Latin American coalition, rather, about sovereignty, respecting sovereignty, not subjugating Latin American countries.


And she's bringing the countries together. And the theme here, and this is a direct strike at America. Sovereignty. Sovereignty. Sovereignty. You do not cross that line of sovereignty. You understand Donald? And she's rallying Latin America. Two behind the sovereignty. Here, Play this clip. Hello, I come on behalf of a generous and supportive people Today. After 15 years since the first meeting of this community, it is a good moment to acknowledge that Latin America and the Caribbean need unity and solidarity from their governments from Mexico. We start with a basic premise. A more united region is a stronger region for a say.


Today I have a proposal for you. I invite select to convene a summit for the economic wellbeing of Latin America and the Caribbean to make a greater regional economic integration, a reality based on shared prosperity and respect for our sovereignty. No country in Latin America and the Caribbean should be left behind. I cannot fail to mention the need to cooperate in addressing human mobility from a perspective humanist, we reject racism, classism, the violation of human rights and the criminalization of our continents.


Brothers and sisters, who for some reason have needed to migrate to the north for us, Mexican migrants are heroes and heroines. We reject sanctions and trade blockades that only harm the wellbeing of the people and do not build regions of peace and prosperity. No to the blockade against Cuba, no, to the blockade against Venezuela. Our foreign policy is characterized by the pursuit of peace and dialogue as the first woman president of Mexico. I share with you that in Mexico we have learned that in the face of adversity there is always hope.


And today hope is unity. Long live Latin America and the Caribbean. You know, speaking of sovereignty and dignity and all of these things, I I, I wanna leave you with this thought right here. I wanna remind you of this headline from this week that you may have not even known took place or, or may have just kind of crossed the Newswire, but you didn't hear about it. 'cause normally a United States president would talk about it. This is from a b, C, it talks about two service members. The United States were killed near the US Mexico border in a vehicle accident, and a third service member involved in the accident remains in critical condition.


Let me read it for you, because our hearts go, I wish more could be more than my hearts and my thoughts, but I wish I could do something more than that. But any in their families, what they're going through, I, I can't even imagine in my heart. And my sympathy and everything goes to those families in this tragic death. Here's what happened. Two service members were killed and another is in serious condition. Following a vehicle accident earlier Tuesday in Santa Teresa, New Mexico, the United States Northern Command said in a statement, shortly before 9:00 AM three service members deployed in support of a joint task force. Southern border were involved in a vehicle accident. North Comp said Tuesday's. Accidents are the first fatalities associated with the United States military's mission along the border with Mexico that have been disclosed.


More than 10,000 active duty service members have been authorized for the border mission. The cause of the accident is under investigation. Officials said. So think about that. Donald Trump has not posted about it. He's not given a speech where he's mentioned it. He says all of these deranged things he attacks Abrego Garcia, the MAGA Republicans go in front of the concentration camp jails and they do thumbs up. Have you heard him once acknowledge this the same way Donald Trump refused to acknowledge the American soldiers who died in Lithuania. Lithuania acknowledged that Donald Trump doesn't. Why? 'cause Donald Trump thinks that our veterans and people who die in combat or people who die in the military or injured, are suckers and losers.


That's what Trump thinks about him. Why else would he not? Again, express sympathy for people who died, who are, who are deployed because of his war on the border with Mexico. Anyway, I thought it was important that I bring that up. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thank you for watching New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store at Midas Touch dot com.