
When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or ip For short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders


Your data is like gold to hackers and they ll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com. Cancel any time terms apply.


Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms proving difficult to manage? Taya Guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year. Many patients taking Tremfya achieved clinical remission and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. Taya is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis, serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor If you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or If you need a vaccine. Ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. Call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit tremfya radio.com.


Mexico's president Claudia Scheinbaum continues to outmaneuver Donald Trump. I had played earlier in the week of video where she showed a map from 1607 where the United States was actually labeled Mexico America. And she said, all right, Donald, you want to talk about real territorial boundaries. You want to try to troll us? Well, perhaps the United States should be renamed Mexico. Now, one of the things that President Claudia Scheinbaum also did this past week is she showed the people of her country a video of the people in the United States who are addicted to Fentanyl.


The people here whose lives have been ravaged by fentanyl, the point President Scheinbaum was powerfully making is that Donald, you can go and attack Mexico for all of these things, but 99% of the consumption of these synthetic drugs, it's taking place in the United States. The consumer of these drugs are in the United States and the country that's largely responsible for distributing fentanyl. Well, that's in Asia, right? That's China and other countries, not Mexico. So you, you've got your facts wrong. And she played this video in the context of a public service announcement to Mexico and to Mexicans saying, you gotta be careful here.


We don't want to be like the United States. Look at all of their problems. We need to make sure we don't fall victim to what's going on there. So as you notice what's happening here, so as Donald Trump is trying to denigrate Mexico and act like Mexico's a horrible place to live, by the way my wife's Mexican, or families from Mexico, from Guadalajara when I visited, it's, it's beautiful. The the people are incredible there. President Scheinbaum appealing to Mexico's pride in their country and saying, okay, we took, you want to go after us? We we're gonna go after you watch this.


I think it's brilliant. I want to know your thoughts. Let's play it. I'm seeing horrific and terrible scenes from various cities in the United States that are currently facing a serious crisis due to a drug called Fentanyl. It has this characteristic of relieving pain, but it's very, very addictive. This fentanyl crisis is happening in some cities in the United States and in other places. We don't want it to reach Mexico. We are doing a new edition of the campaign that President Lopez Obra launched to inform about what this drug is. It sometimes comes by itself and is sold this way, or sometimes it comes mixed with other drugs.


Clearly all young people or anyone should stay away from drugs, but particularly about this powerful drug, fentanyl, which causes enormous addiction and ultimately kills neurons. There are many deaths in the United States due to overdoses. So we all have to take care of the moms to the parents to be close to their children and to everyone, especially teenagers, don't get close to drugs. It's a false escape. In reality, If you have problems, you should reach out to your family, to friends, to true friends, or they can call the government of Mexico's lifeline. Fentanyl ultimately kills, and I know that together all Mexicans will take care of each other.


Fentanyl destroys your body. Exercise makes you strong. Fentanyl hooks you from the very first time. True friendships take care of you. Fentanyl kills you. A United family gives you life. Stay away from drugs. They add fentanyl to make them more addictive. Choose to be happy. If you need help, call the Lifeline at eight hundred nine one eleven 2000 government of Mexico. You see what President Scheinbaum is doing there. It's very tactical. She's not just doing that for no reason. She's essentially saying, all right, Donald, you're saying that we're a crappy place to live. We think that the United States is right there.


Let me show you what she did as well. Again, earlier in the week, I referenced this in the video where she showed that map from 1607 saying, actually, the United States is Mexico. You, you, you can't conquer us. The United States belongs to Mexico. So if we're doing this game, let's play it here, play this clip. Obviously, Gulf of Mexico is named recognized by the United Nations. It's an organization of the United Nations. But the next question is, why don't we call it Mexican America? It sounds nice, doesn't it? Right. Since 1607, the Agan Constitution referred to it as Mexican America.


So let's call it Mexican America. It sounds nice, doesn't it? And Gulf of Mexico. Well, you see since 1607. And it's also recognized internationally. Well, historically speaking, because as you might know, I know they're going to ask me. I think that yesterday, president Trump, they misinformed President Trump with all due respect. 'cause I believe they told him that Philippe Calderon and Garcia Luna were still in power in Mexico. Now look, the key message that President Scheinbaum has been pushing is for countries, specifically the United States, to res, to respect the sovereignty of other nations, that independent nations should not be bullied, coerced, militarily, economic or otherwise by other nations.


Respect our sovereignty and respect the sovereignty of other nations and President Scheinbaum. In this next video, I'm gonna play for you, sticking up for Panama. 'cause Donald Trump says that he's considering and not ruling out military action against Panama to conquer the Panama Canal, or to acquire the Panama Canal, which by the way, was Elise. It never belonged to the United States. But here, president Scheinbaum says, look, people at Panama, we stand in solidarity with you. Mexico stands in solidarity with Panama. Let's play this.


Okay? I gotta tell you about this game changing product I used before, A night out with drinks. It's called Zbiotics Pre-cool probiotic drink. Let's face it, after a night out with drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. I used to feel like I had to choose between a great night out and a great next day until I found Zbiotics Zbiotics. Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough. Next day, Zbiotics produces an enzyme that breaks this byproduct down. Just remember, make Zbiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. I won't lie, I was skeptical at first, but I gave it a shot before, a night out with friends at our favorite spot downtown, and I could not believe the difference. The next morning I woke up ready to tackle a pack schedule. No sluggishness, no regrets. Now I use Zbiotics every time I know I've got plans. The next day, go to Zbiotics dot com slash Midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Code Midas at checkout, that's M-E-I-D-A-S. Zbiotics is backed by a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason whatsoever, they will refund your money, no questions asked. Again, that's Zbiotics dot com slash midas and use that code Midas, that's M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off. Cheers to feeling great tomorrow.


There's a broader geopolitical situation taking place here, a, a real alignment of power, If you will. So one of the most important things that you need to remember, and I've been covering this a lot, is that China has been increasing its influence, whether it's in Mexico or go further south to Central American countries, go further south to South America, or you talk about just other countries throughout the world in Africa and elsewhere in, in Europe. China has its second Silk Road program. Its Belt and Roads program where they go around and they say, look, we respect your sovereignty.


We want to invest billions of dollars in your industry, and we wanna, we, we wanna be a reliable ally with you. Now, it's CCP propaganda, but President Xi's been pushing this and trying to undercut America by saying, look, you can't rely on America as an ally 'cause just look at the things that they're doing. So one of the things that happened is that President Xi Jinping, before the G 20 that took place about two months ago, requested a meeting with President Scheinbaum of Mexico. President Scheinbaum at first declined to have that meeting because it would be viewed potentially as a slap in the face to the United States of America.


But after Trump won the election, and after Donald Trump started doing all the Trumpy things, not only did she agree to meet with President Xi Jingping during the G 20 summit, but she was photographed with him in multiple photographs. And If you know the message that's being sent, If you understand the geopolitics here, she's sending a message to the United States saying, okay, you want to abandon us? We'll find other allies abroad who we can work with and who we can export our products to. Okay? You want to put tariffs on us to try to harm our industries?


Look what happened with soy farmers in the United States. In the first Trump administration, when Trump imposed tariffs on China. China retaliated by shutting down imports of soy from soy farmers in the United States. And what happened? Brazil became the beneficiary as part of the bricks block, Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa. And this really screwed over the soybean farmers. So what did the Republicans have to do? You know, they all say, oh, we hate government handouts. Well, what ended up having to happen is massive government subsidies from the Trump administration had to go to farmers, not just soy farmers, other farmers as well, to basically pay them to basically destroy their own crops for the surplus that they couldn't sell.


So quite literally a government handout, because otherwise the farming industry would die. And then the government, the Republicans say, okay, we want to cut Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, all of these programs, veteran stuff, but you don't want to cut the subsidies to the farmers in your red states that you had to create and give the government handouts because you prevented the farmers from exporting their goods abroad with your, with your tariffs. Just think about what's going on here. So President Xi Jinping's meeting with Claudia Cheba, but met with the leader of Panama, met with the leader of Honduras and all these countries, Panama in 2017, Honduras in 2023.


They're cutting off their diplomatic ties with Taiwan in favor of Beijing, and they are developing these relationships. And so it is emboldening these countries to stand up as well to the United States. I I finally wanna play you this one right here. This is President Scheinbaum as well, and here she is with her initial response when Donald Trump started threatening tariffs against Mexico. Remember this, this was the original response from Shine Baum, where she's like, Donald, we're not playing around here. Remember this one back from a few months ago? Let's play Donald Trump CVP.


So there you have it, folks. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Look, president Scheinbaum is not taking crap from Trump, right? Hit subscribe. Help us get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.