
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going, cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now, and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top Podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite Podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com.


Today, President Claudia Scheinbaum of Mexico strikes back again at Donald Trump. In her latest press conference, she took out a map of Mexico from 1607 and she said, look, Donald, if you're gonna start threatening to conquer this nation or that nation, how about what we really do is rename the United States, Mexican America, and let's redraw those borders from 1607. If we're gonna start talking about territorial expansion, I love this. This is how you have to kind of just mock Donald Trump back and show strength.


I want you to watch this, and we translated her voice with AI here, here play this clip. Obviously, Gulf of Mexico is name recognized by the United Nations. It's an organization of the United Nations. But the next question is, why don't we call it Mexican America? It sounds nice, doesn't it? Right. Since 1607, the Agan Constitution referred to it as Mexican America. So let's call it Mexican America. It sounds nice, doesn't it?


And Gulf of Mexico, well, you see since 1607. And it's also recognized internationally. Well, historically speaking, because as you might know, I know they're going to ask me. I think that yesterday, president Trump, they misinformed President Trump with all due respect. 'cause I believe they told him that Philippe Calderon and Garcia Luna were still in power in Mexico. Yeah, as he and Bremmer says, file that under two can play at that game. Donald, you heard her right there, getting out that old map to show Mexico's territorial claims on the United States, and I've been covering Claudia Scheinbaum responses to Donald Trump.


When Donald Trump first threatened Mexico and Canada with 25% tariffs. President Claudia Scheinbaum said, if you do that to us, Donald, we're gonna make it hurt for you. We're gonna make you feel pain. And by the way, Donald, perhaps you shouldn't be spending all of this money on military and weapons of war and your designs of conquest, and perhaps deal with a comprehensive immigration solution versus just blaming everybody else. And by the way, don't blame Mexico for synthetic drugs. We here in Mexico don't have a synthetic drug problem. It's actually from the United States where that problem originates and that 95 to 99% of the casualties and deaths are coming from inside the United States.


And she goes, also, by the way, you know a lot of the violence in Mexico is caused by the fact that America has a rampant gun culture, and your weapons of war get exported across our border. So let's have that talk, Donald. And by the way, do you realize that some of your biggest car manufacturers are based in Mexico? So put some tariffs on us and we'll make sure that you feel pain as well. And then Donald Trump spoke to her, and Donald Trump tried to claim like a victory in the negotiation. And she responded right away. She goes, no, I didn't change any of my positions. I made it very clear where Mexico stands on these issues.


Donald Trump knows that he can go pound sand. And again, it's not just Mexico who's standing up to Donald Trump. We're now seeing this internationally. We're seeing it with the eu, we're seeing it in Canada, we're seeing it with the uk, we're seeing it in countries like Panama. Heck, we're seeing it in countries like The Bahamas. But here's some of the other headlines. Just from the past 24 hours, France warns Donald Trump against threatening EU sovereign borders. The foreign minister of France hits back at Donald Trump after Trump refuses to rule out military control over Greenland.


And the foreign minister of France reminded Donald Trump that we in the European Union have a mutual defense agreement. So if you intend to pursue territorial conquests of Greenland, then we're gonna defend Denmark, who's not just a member of nato, by the way, if you're going to attack your NATO allies. But we here in Europe owe a defense duty to Denmark, and we will defend Denmark against you, Donald Trump. So that's one headline. Then you have Germany's Chancellor warning Donald Trump over threatening to take control of Greenland. On Wednesday, German's Chancellor calls out Donald Trump over his threats to seize control of Greenland, saying the in viability of borders applies to every country.


Borders must not be shifted by force, said German's, chancellor Germany's Chancellor, this principle applies and it is a foundation of our peaceful order. Again, Shoals was reacting to all of Donald Trump's statements, and Schal said he had discussed the issue with fellow European leaders on Wednesday reporting a certain lack of understanding regarding current statements from the US among European partners. The principle of the in viability of borders applies to every country, whether it's to the east or west of us. And every state must abide by it, whether it's a small country or a very powerful state.


It is a fundamental principle of international law and a core component of what we call Western values. Donald Germany's chancellor also highlighted the importance of the Western Defense Alliance, NATO calling it the central pillar of the transatlantic relationship. During his press conference this week, Trump made more attacks on NATO to which Germans, chancellor said, one thing is clear, the security situation in Europe will remain very tense for the foreseeable future. We must respond to this in a calm and resolute manner.


And then they go on to basically say, look, there is a mutual defense agreement. It is out of the question that the EU allows other nations of the world, whoever they are, any, and I would even say starting with Russia to attack its sovereign borders. And that one came from French as foreign minister who I referenced before, Jean, no Barrett Barrett said that European Union must wake up and strengthen itself militarily and should not be intimidated or made to feel insecure by Donald Trump. If you're asking me whether I think the US will invade Greenland, the answer is no. He said, but have we entered an error and which the law of the jungle is returning?


The answer is yes. Here's page one from the Financial Times. Europe's leaders warn Trump against meddling with its sovereign borders, Greenland threat sparks backlash. EU Defense Pact covers the island. Musk's support of the A FD right-wing, extreme neo-Nazi party in Germany adds to concerns. And this article talks about how European leaders are warning Donald Trump do not meddle with our continents borders. German chancellor, who I just referenced, it goes on to talk about in addition, the French foreign minister who I mentioned, and it says, the EU Treaty contains a mutual defense clause that specifies if a member is a victim of armed aggression on its territory, the other states have an obligation of aid and assistance by all the means in their power.


In other words, you touch Greenland, which is part of Denmark, which is part of the eu. We're going to fight you United States, and you want to trigger a war with Europe. By the way, everybody check out the interview I did. I've done two interviews actually now with Corey Hargraves. He's a former army sniper. He was sent on two deployments in Iraq as in connection with being a sniper. He's someone who grew up on a Native American reservation to a single mom. He was very poor. He said the only pathway available to him to do anything was join the military.


And he has a very unique perspective here as well that he shares about someone like Donald Trump who's never served in the military, and a lot of these Chicken Hawk MAGA Republicans, who, by the way, were out there saying, oh, Trump's gonna stop World War iii. Trump's gonna stop World War III for happening. And he goes, now you're gonna send young men and women to die in wars against our allies to attack a NATO country like Denmark or other countries in the EU or attack Canada and just watch that interview. But you know who's loving all of this? Russia? This is being reported in the Denmark papers, this out of Copenhagen, Russian.


Cheers for Trump. He will dismantle the remnants of the old world order much faster and more effectively than we could. We do it from the outside. He does it from the inside. Here's another Google translate of another headline there. The mood is good in the Kremlin. Trump has just fulfilled Putin's greatest wish. They can already imagine how Russia can now lay claim to Estonia, Finland, Poland, and other nations nearby because of Donald Trump's laying claim to Greenland, Canada and the Panama Canal. Well then Vladimir Putin says, of course, that's why I want all these other nations.


That's why President Xi Jingping of China says, that's why I get Taiwan. That's why I get this nation by Trump merely saying that he's going to be doing these things and that he won't rule out military force. He has created the permission structure for countries like China to invade their neighbors for countries like Russia to keep on invading. And Trump has already, already before day one, destroyed our international allies and alliances. He's already destroyed it before day one. Think about that.


How good is that feeling of fresh, clean teeth? Now, I only used to get that true feeling twice a year after I went to the dentist. But that all changed. Now that I use the new Quip 360 rechargeable electric toothbrush, the new Quip 360 oscillating toothbrush literally revolves around you. Finally, an electric toothbrush that doesn't overcomplicate the most basic daily ritual. Quip 360 is a bold, simple design that comes in multiple colors and is ultra quiet for a super clean without being super annoying, accepted by the American Dental Association, Quip 360 is scientifically proven to remove up to 11 times more plaque between teeth compared to a manual toothbrush and provide up to two times more whitening on day one. If you don't absolutely love your Quip 360, return it for free within 30 days. If you do love it, brush easy knowing you. Get a free lifetime warranty for purchasing on Get Quip dot com. Get Quip QUI p.com and the opportunity to subscribe to refill heads by mail every three months so you never have to go to the store. And now with Quip Perks, Quip is literally putting their money where their mouth is. When you subscribe to Autoship, you'll be enrolled in Quip Perks to earn credit back over time, free your mouth with Quip and discover the 25,005 star reviews and mouths already loving Quip. Just for listeners of the Midas Touch Podcast, get 20% OFF site wide and a free travel case and countertop. Stand at get Quip QU ip.com/midas. Free your mouth today and save 20% site-wide, plus a free travel case and countertop. Stand at get Quip q uip.com/midas. Get Quip QU ip.com/midas.


This Is from cnn, Danish officials Fear Trump is much more serious about acquiring Greenland than in first term. And it goes on to say, the ecosystem supporting this idea is different. Now, according to a Danish official, this seems much more serious. And you know, they're taking the threats like they're beeping up their military and maybe ready to go to war with the United States. They're hand, we gotta handle business. If you're gonna attack us, we're gonna build up military to get ready to defend ourselves. And if we have to go to war, and Europe's gonna go to War War with the United States, and that's what you're gonna do, we'll go to war with you.


We'll do it. We hope that you're trolling, but we're ready to go. By the way, this is a meme that we created at the Midas Touch Network Voters. Can we get lower prices? Trump? Best I can do is invade Canada. Think about that right there. And then all these other MAGA idiots, I mean, MAGA members of Congress then gave all of these interviews and they were being kind of normalized by the corporate media. You have representative Brandon Gill saying, Trump is bringing us into the golden age of America. This is the new Manifest Destiny Reacquiring, the Panama Canal, acquiring Greenland, renaming the Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of America.


This is the light of America expanding. I mean, seriously, this is, you know, you then have Benny Johnson bringing MAGA Republican Congress members on showing them a map of the New America, the greater American Empire, which involves conquering Mexico, Canada, and Greenland. And you've got all of these, you know, American MAGA politicians out there saying, no, we're, we're gonna conquer it. We're, this is what we want to do, this is what we're gonna do. We're gonna, we're gonna go to war with Canada, Mexico, Greenland, Panama, everybody, we're, we're gonna war with everybody, apparently, according to these MAGA idiots and world, this is not all of America, this is not all of America and some of America.


But we don't, we don't support this. And if this ever happens, we will make sure our voices are heard here. I want to assure you of that in the biggest way possible. We're not running away from this. We will confront this head on if this is what they're going to do. Okay? By the way, you have a situation where in Canada, you have everybody from Prime Minister Justin Trudeau saying the following, there isn't a snowballs chance in hell that Canada would become part of the United States. Workers in communities in both our countries benefit from being each other's biggest trading partners. So liberal party, Justin Trudeau, prime Minister, although he resigned NDP leader jog Meet Singh saying, we're gonna stand up to the bully.


We are gonna make sure that if Trump's gonna pick a fight, it's a fight that we're ready for. And then on the right way, you have, you know, at least in a provincial, provincial level too, I mean, you have people who were once MAGA kind of MAGA Canada, like Doug Ford, who's out there saying, why don't we conquer America? Why don't we take Alaska, Minnesota? And there are some other states that we may want as as well. You also had someone in the Green Party. I I did a video on her yesterday as well, saying the same thing. So they're all uniting in Canada. The world is uniting against the United States of America.


America went from a uniting force, NATO on all of our alliances to now the world. Now we're a pariah state. Now the world is uniting against us. It is humiliating here. And as long and until I still have my ability to make YouTube videos and speak my mind freely and as long as until they lock me up, I'm going to just call out this Trump regime for the wannabe, fascist, the weak, pathetic individuals that they are. I'm gonna use my voice here and call 'em out. I'm gonna do what corporate media refuses to do here in the United States.


And I'm not afraid. Not afraid at all. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Let's keep growing this platform. Folks, thanks for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now, and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.