
Hey, aren't you that PBM Middleman at your service? Doctor? Don't you get rebates that save money on medicines? Oh, PBMs like me get big rebates. So why do patients tell me they're worried about their costs? No one says we have to share the savings with patients. Congress should make sure medicine savings go directly to patients, not middlemen. Visit phrma.org/middlemen to learn more paid for by Pharma


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile unlimited. Premium wireless. How they to get 30. 30 bid? To get 30 bid? To get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020 bid, get 15 15, 15, 15. Just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at mit mobile.com/switch. $45 Upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extras beats lower above 40 gigabytes of detail.


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year's. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage LLC. In its other markets, terms and conditions apply.


I'm James McComb reporting live from home in my bathrobe and slippers. Tonight we're talking Dunkin Polar, peppermint coffee Gene's here with the latest gene. Do you copy The Home with Dunkin is where you wanna be.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be. Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com.


Today I want to share with you how Mexico's president Claudia Scheinbaum continues to outmaneuver Donald Trump and the incoming Trump administration. I wanna share with you the subtleties of international diplomacy, And I want to show you, when Donald Trump's out there making social media posts where he's like mocking the concept of the annexation of Canada, when Donald Trump's out there making social media posts with himself and and Elvis, I want to compare that to the steps that our trading adversaries like China are taking to actually court current allies of the United States like Mexico and others and bring them more in the orbit and ambit of China.


So let, let's tie this all together with the subtleties here, right? So what's been going on behind the scenes since the election? Well, there was a G 20 conference, a G 20 summit. It was in Brazil. President Xi Jinping of China was there and in the lead up to the G 20 XII, ping requested a meeting with Claudia Cheba Mexico's new president. And at first it was reported that she was not going to be doing this meeting and that she would be, you know, turning that down. She would see him there of course, but she would not be meeting with Xi Jinping. Ultimately, she met with Xi Jinping as a result in my view of the fact that Donald Trump was elected and to send a message that China is the number two trading partner with Mexico.


And if America screws over its ally Mexico, Mexico is going to turn more heavily to China. You see, China has been courting Mexico to join the bricks block. B-R-I-C-S. It's an acronym for Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa. And there's a bunch of other countries as well. It's an alliance that's growing as well. America under President Biden had applied the appropriate pressure on Mexico, but through lots of carrots and the types of normal relations you'd have with your ally to try to make sure that Mexico would not join the bricks block.


And so we saw Mexico's previous president, OBOR Manuel Lopez Obrador back for example, on August 9th, 2023. He said that basically Putin and G can forget putting Mexico in their multipolar club. And he said that Mexico would never be joining bricks. And he was very kind of clear and strongly and and strong about how he worded it. He said he denied back in August, 2020 third that Mexico had any interest in joining bricks. Quote, this is the former president of Mexico. We are not going to participate in this block in this association.


Of course we welcome the fact that other countries are doing so, however, for economic, neighborhood and geopolitical reasons, we will continue to strengthen the North American Alliance and all of America. He said, notice what he said, neighborhood. In other words, because we're allies with America, America doesn't want us to do that and we have a good relationship with America, our ally, right? So that was the status before then you have a new president coming into Mexico. Same party by the way, Claudia Scheinbaum, a many ways a protege of obor, but you know, she's certainly her, her her own person.


A powerful powerful person there in Mexico, a long time activist. Then there's the election of Trump. And so what does Trump do right away? First thing he does threaten Mexico and Canada with a blanket 25% tariff, which you know about we've reported before. And then he also threatens bricks countries with a 100% tariff just saying tariff this, tariff that we're tariff in everything right there over and over again. So with all of that coming out, and you know, even though Donald Trump made the those tariff threats November 25th, right around that time period, I think Claudia Scheinbaum saw who Donald Trump's selections were going to be.


She knew that was coming. We previously reported how as soon as Donald Trump made those statements, remember the very strong response she made? She threatened retaliatory tariffs on the United States. She told the United States of America, perhaps If you spent less money on war and building weapons of war and more on dealing with comprehensive immigration reform and dealing with the synthetic drug crisis in your own country versus blowing things up internationally, you know, maybe you'd have a better immigration system than blaming your neighbor. And she also said, we will inflict equal pain on you If you try to come for us here. We don't want that. But If you come for us, you should note that there's a lot of American corporations that work in Mexico, so you're gonna screw American corporations as well.


And one of the reasons though, and, and as you start to look back, And I've been doing a lot of research on this when she was so emboldened to kind of make that statement one, that's just who she is. People know Claudia Scheinbaum, that's classic Scheinbaum right there. But also she's been building up backup plans for precisely this moment that if Trump goes in this direction, she's prepared to move closer to China. And she's not, she hasn't made statements that she's gonna join the bricks block or anything like that. But notice what goes down on November 18th, 2024. Remember what I said at the outset of this video where she said she was not going to meet with China that would be consistent with more of the policy of obor her, her predecessor.


But guess what happened? She met with Xi Jinping. Here's the photo of them together. Here's another photo of them together right here, kind of China's media services, their state run media services, say the following, China and Mexico should push for all around development of bilateral relations in the new era. Said President XII Ping on Monday while meeting with Mexican president Claudia Chein bound Pardot on the sidelines of the 19th G 20 summit. Leader Mexico's Claudia Scheinbaum. This is from Bloomberg Mexico's. Claudia Shine did not plan to meet with Xi Jinping ultimately, but you saw that they actually did meet.


Let's be real guys. Wearing nice pants sucks. Who decided? Stiff uncomfortable fabric squeezing your everything was the key to looking sharp. Well, here's an early holiday gift from me to you. Those days are finally over. Public Rex day maker pants are here to keep you comfy and classy all season long. They feel like your favorite sweatpants, but look like tailored trousers. Yep. Super stretchy with an elastic waistband so you can rock them anywhere. Whether you're kicking back with holiday movies, making your way through leftovers or watching bowl games with friends, these pants have you covered. Heck, they'll even keep you looking sharp at that awkward holiday party with your in-laws. Now let me tell you about my experience during the pandemic. I got way too used to sweatpants. Going back to regular pants felt impossible. But with public rec, I get the comfort of sweats and the sharp look of real pants. I've worn these day maker pants to work, events, meetings, and even just lounging around the house, I've even slept in them. They're so versatile. I ended up grabbing them in almost every color because why not? True story. Here's the best part. With public rec, you don't have to settle for small, medium, or large. You can choose your exact waist and length, whether you're a 30 by 32, a 44 by 36, they've got you covered. And their proprietary performance materials, they are breathable, stretchy, and they hold their shape perfectly. I'm telling you, these pants are so comfortable you'll never want to take them off. As a matter of fact, I'm wearing my day maker pants right now. Stop suffering in regular pants and give the gift of comfort this holiday season for a limited time. Our listeners get 20% off their entire order when you use code Midas 20 at checkout. That's 20% off with the code Midas 20 M-E-I-D-A s20@publicrec.com. After you purchase, they're gonna ask where you heard about them, make sure to support our show and tell them we sent you say goodbye to pants that put up a fight. Because when comfort meets style, you found public wreck.


Now, one of the things I think is important contrast Donald Trump's posts threatening, annexation, bullying. But now watch, as I said at the outset, I would show you the subtleties of the way international diplomacy is normally done and how it's done before. And Xi Jinping gets this look at the language he uses versus the language Donald Trump uses, right? And this is being reciprocal with the president of Mexico, Claudia Scheinbaum right now, knowing that Donald Trump's an idiot, that Donald Trump is going to screw up important alliances. So Donald Trump's post is saying, you know, right now there are caravans from Mexico.


They're bringing in the drugs we hereby demand. You know, it's bullying. Here's the language from China. Clearly China's a a much as biggest, significantly bigger economy than than Mexico. I mean, China could threaten if they wanted to tariffs on me. China could do any of that. I mean, it's a big country. But here's how China approaches Mexico. President XII Ping met with President Claudia Scheinbaum, right? The meeting that was not supposed to happen, that now happened. Why? 'cause he's trying to cork them. He's trying to build alliances, unlike Donald Trump who's trying to break the alliances of our closest friends. So he meets with Claudia Scheinbaum. This is the statement from President Xi.


President XII Jingping once again, congratulated President Scheinbaum on becoming the first female president of Mexico, saying that her visit to Mexico in 2013 left him with a deep and strong impression. China and Mexico have a long tradition of friendship. The two sides should continue to enhance exchanges and renew friendship. Give full play to the high complementary, the high complementarity of the two economies and advance practical cooperation to promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations in the new era. China and Mexico share similar views and ideas on many international issues, and both advocate universally beneficial and inclusive economic globalization.


China is willing to work with Mexico to uphold multilateralism and international fairness and justice and inject positive energy into the development of the world economy. Do you see how he's approaching it? And it's strategic and you see how she's approaching it as well with her response to the United States? That's actual power right there. And that's one of the things I want to show you. You know, and America wields its power under President Biden. The way I was reading it to you there, what Donald Trump is doing, as I've said before, you know, Teddy Roosevelt had the big stick policy, walk soft, but carry a big stick.


You don't have to bludgeon people and bully people with how powerful America is. People know that you have to court these relationships and build strategic alliances. As I like to say, Donald Trump is the small stick policy, which is be loud and obnoxious and carry a very small stick or small whatever. That's how the international community views Donald Trump. This is from the Financial times. The risk of Mexico being shut out of North America is rising. So while shine Baum may find some deal with Trump, with Trump, China under Xi Jinping has been keen to develop relations with Mexico.


And she made, she got photographed with XII Ping and took that meeting for a reason and they were not gonna have that meeting before Trump was doing all of this. This is from the Hill. Mexico's growing flirtation with China poses challenges for Trump 2.0. This is from Chinese propaganda. Now Xi Jinping calls for all around development of China, Mexico relations in the new era. Okay? So If you are in Mexico right now and Donald Trump is bullying you and saying horrible things about your country, whereas China's calling for all around development and positive relations in a new era, just think about how this message is actually being received right here.


So how she outmaneuvering Trump here, as I said at the outset, just think about the subtleties of her taking that meeting, her using, you know, words like If you wanna retaliate, what we could retaliate too. We've got our own se set of toolkits to do that. Having that photograph, showing how it's done, being prepared for Trump. And you see in those photos how prepared she was and how she laid the groundwork at that G 20 summit in Brazil. Well, there you have it folks. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching Real Quick. Metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.