
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now, up to 55% off your Babbel subscription at Babbel dot com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify. Podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know If you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee terms@mintmobile.com.


Mexico's president Claudia Scheinbaum is bringing the fire, and at a press conference she just held, she's calling out Donald Trump's taring the world, including Mexico, 25% on steel and aluminum. She's just saying like, do y'all realize that based on the current trading posture, this is actually going to hurt the United States of America far more than it's actually even going to hurt Mexico? Hey Donald, you may want to use a little logic. Oh wait, you don't have any Mexico's powerful President, Claudia Scheinbaum. Let's watch it. When the increase in tariffs on steel and aluminum by the United States, this country would be violating the trade agreement that exists between Mexico, Canada, and the United States By being a unilateral imposition.


It is until March 12th. This is important, particularly in the case of steel and aluminum. The United States exports more than it imports, so there is no deficit in favor of Mexico. On the contrary, it's in favor of the United States. It's a very important argument to say that there is no point in imposing tariffs, and we have to establish the best possible relationship with the United States. Always defending Mexico's interest, but seeking to convince the president of the United States and his entire cabinet that the trade agreement we have has created economic integration that benefits the United States. It benefits Mexico too. It benefits Canada, but it benefits the United States.


The only way to compete with Asia, particularly with China and other countries, is to stick together. And I just wanna show you how cool and collected Mexico's president Claudia Scheinbaum is. For example, the day before when Donald Trump had just stated that he was going to do these tariffs on Air Force One, after saying that there would be a 30 day pause on the tariffs before, right? First he was gonna tariff, and then there was a 30 day pause after he made a fake deal. Then he said, okay, I'm taring the world when it comes to aluminum and steal, even though I made deals with Mexico and Canada, whatever, I break deals. My name is Trump, I lie about everything.


So Claudia Scheinbaum finds out about it on the media the way everybody else does because Donald Trump is so chaotic. The media asks her about it and watch how President Claudia Scheinbaum handles it. She's just like, look, I heard about it the same way y'all heard about it on the news. We're going to get through this together. Once again, play this clip. Has there been any communication regarding the tariffs on aluminum? And We found out the same way through yesterday's publication in the media, And they would expect there to be a negotiation around that. Well, let's wait. As I say today, keep a cool head in this. Let's wait to see if something is announced today.


And from there we'll make our decisions About what you said regarding the weapons. Would Mexico then expect there to be an executive order? Well, I don't know if it's an executive order or what mechanisms. What we want is collaboration and coordination without subordination and submission. As we have said on multiple locations, Mexico and the United States share a border of more than 3000 kilometers. We are the main commercial partner of the United States, and we have common problems and diverse problems in Mexico. There is not a serious problem of Fentanyl consumption nor the problems related to drug consumption that exist in the United States.


They have that problem. And What I love as well is, you know, president Claudia Scheinbaum of Mexico is putting out some of these great videos as well, you know, which I think are videos she may have put out anyway, but in the context of her going on the offense against Donald Trump and projecting a strong United Mexico in videos like this where she's showing the, you know, air Force in Mexico and showing the diversity of the Air Force in Mexico and the leaders, and you know what, what a real leader looks like here, play this clip.


The Mexican Air Force is a bastion of our nation. I am proud to walk and fly alongside you. I know that together we will fulfill the promise to leave our children and grandchildren a country that is peaceful, free, independent, sovereign, democratic, and more just every day. We are heirs of the great men and women in the history of Mexico. For this reason, serving the people is our purpose and our destiny. Being close to the people is our virtue and our strength.


Do not forget our history. To have certainty in doing and in duty keep our feet on the ground, but our eyes on the independent and prosperous horizon. It is the only path for the people of Mexico and our homeland. We are not alone in this task. 'cause we know that as long as we do not betray, the people are with us. And the country is in our minds long lived. The Mexican Air Force, long lived national sovereignty, long lived Mexico. So as Mexico's president, Claudia Scheinbaum was powerfully responding to Donald Trump.


So was Canada's prime minister, Justin Trudeau, who has essentially become kind of like a wartime prime minister in Canada. Look, Donald Trump's words are threats against the sovereignty of Canada. They are the same types of words and language that's used by Vladimir Putin. I mean, Trump keeps on saying that he wants to conquer Canada and make it the 51st state and Prime Minister Trudeau has united pretty much all of the political factions in Canada. I mean, you have, you know, Danielle Smith and Alberta who's still Maple Maga, you still have some Maple Maga, maple Maga.


You have Pierre Po Pev, who's you know now claiming that, oh, I'm standing up for Canada when you know, we know, we all know where PP really stands on on a lot of these issues. But you know, most of Canada, whether you're conservative, liberal, NDP, green Party Nonpolitical is United, boycotting the United States of American products, buying Canada, refusing to travel to United States if they have, you know, homes or rental properties or selling those, ending the rental property, lease terms, vacations canceled. And you see all these like American, you know, tourism managers elevating it to senior management.


We don't stand with Donald Trump. We don't stand with Donald Trump. Well, Canada's standing strong. Here's Prime Minister Trudeau responding to the tariffs play this clip. Tariffs on Canadian steel and aluminum would be entirely unjustified. We are the US' closest ally. Our economies are integrated. Canadian steel and aluminum is used in number of key American industries. Together we make North America more competitive. We will be working with the American administration over the coming weeks to highlight the negative impacts on Americans and Canadians of these unacceptable tariffs. But we'll also be working with our international partners and friends.


And if it comes to that, our response, of course will be firm and clear. We will stand up for Canadian workers, we will stand up for Canadian industries and more Canadians will stand up for each other. This is a moment for Canada to be solid in our identity, in our sovereignty, and in our presence for our friends and neighbors. And here's our friend at the Midas Touch Network who's become a leader in Canada and internationally. Canadian member of Parliament, Charlie Angus here, responding in Angus fashion to Donald Trump play this clip.


Well, I really don't wanna waste a lot of time trying to deconstruct the idiocy that exists in Donald Trump's brain, but wasn't it just a week ago we were gonna get a 30 day pause, and what week ago wasn't the threat Fentanyl, the supposed narco state that Canada is, and now he's focused on steel imports and aluminum. So again, to the American industry that's dependent on massive access to steel and aluminum through all the sectors of the American economy. Well, you might want to call Donald tomorrow because he's just thrown you for a loop. He's certainly thrown our communities for a loop in the steel and aluminum sector. But I think what's really fascinating is that nobody in Canada is surprised.


I mean, did anyone believe this guy, his word could be trusted. He's a criminal, he's a convicted predator.


How good is that feeling of fresh, clean teeth? Now I only used to get that true feeling twice a year after I went to the dentist. But that all changed. Now that I use the new Quip 360 rechargeable electric toothbrush, the new Quip 360 oscillating toothbrush literally revolves around you. Finally, an electric toothbrush that doesn't overcomplicate the most basic daily ritual. Quip 360 is a bold, simple design that comes in multiple colors and is ultra quiet for a super clean without being super annoying, accepted by the American Dental Association, Quip 360 is scientifically proven to remove up to 11 times more plaque between teeth compared to a manual toothbrush and provide up to two times more whitening on day one. If you don't absolutely love your Quip 360, return it for free within 30 days. If you do love it, brush easy knowing you Get a free lifetime warranty for purchasing on Get Quip dot com. Get Quip QUI p.com and the opportunity to subscribe to refill heads by mail every three months so you never have to go to the store. And now with Quip Perks, Quip is literally putting their money where their mouth is. When you subscribe to autoship, you'll be enrolled in Quip Perks to earn credit back over time, free your mouth with Quip and discover the 25,005 star reviews and mouths already loving Quip. Just for listeners of the Midas Touch podcast, get 20% off site-wide and a free travel case and countertop. Stand at get Quip QU ip.com/midas. Free your mouth today and save 20% sitewide plus a free travel case and countertop. Stand at get Quip QUI p.com/midas. Get Quip QU p.com/midas.


And look, you had NDPs Parliament leader Jag Meet Sing. You know, even he's, you know, he's, he's always been strong against Donald Trump, but here is Jag Meet Sing saying here's what you can do by Canada. Here's how you boycott America. Play this clip Friends, If you are worried and you are saying, what can I do to fight back against Trump's tariffs? You're worried about it. You're fed up about it. Here's what you can do. I'm here with Craig Vie, we're in Montreal. You can buy Canadian and boycott American. Come with me. Lemme show you how you do that. So you pick up a product right here. Boom. Let's pick up this chocolate, chocolate Boreal.


Boy, I dropped another one. I have to buy that too. Chocolate Boreal made in Canada, made in Quebec. That's good. Buy that. What else have you got here? We got maple syrup made in Canada. Get the Canadian flag, check the label, buy that. Buy Canadian boycott American. And you can also sign the pledge that you are committing to do that. You're committing to support Canadian and you're committing to boycott American. That's how you fight back. Let's show Trump that he messed with the wrong country. And here Jag, meet Singh again explains, this isn't about the border for Donald Trump, it's about our water and the critical minerals that Elon Musk needs.


Donald Trump has threatened to use economic force to make Canada the 51st state. Canadians will never let that happen. No chance in hell. Here's Jag Meet Singh, play this clip. What Trump though is really about and it is very clear he is about making Canada the 51st state. That is what he is about. He has made that very clear, we don't need to guess about what his intentions are. He's repeated it. He wants to use economic pressure on Canada to put us in a weak position. He has been very clear that is what he wants to do. So we need to fight back. So from Mexico to Canada, then we go east to our friends in Europe who are sick and tired, of course, of Donald Trump's threats and saber rattling.


The people of Denmark started the following petition@denmarkification.com. Let's buy California from Trump Denmark's next big adventure. And they talk about buying California for $1 trillion. Have you ever looked at a map and thought, you know what, Denmark needs more sunshine, palm trees and roller skates. Well, we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to make that dream a reality. Let's buy California from Donald Trump. Yes, you heard that right? California could be ours and we need your help to make it happen. You sign the petition there, over 200,000 people have signed the Denmark Ification position to make California part of Denmark.


You know, of course they are just kind of mocking Donald Trump there. Here's the Jordanian deputy minister explaining that, you know, so you see we're doing it. We're gonna Mexico to Canada, we're going to Europe. Now we go to the Middle East, Jordan's deputy Prime Minister saying, no way, no. How will Donald Trump acquire or just take Palestine and just force Palestinians to move to Jordan or Egypt. And you can see how perturbed he is right here or here. Play this clip Again. We we're having a conversation with the president. He presented his views, we presented ours. Our position is very clear in Jordan that we cannot afford any more refugees.


We're the largest per capital host of refugees in the region. We have 35% of our population are refugees. So we made that clear. And I think the president understands that, that what we want is to achieve peace. What we want is to rebuild Gaza. And again, the president says that his he has his plan is driven by his humanitarian concern, which we appreciate. Our position is that we can rebuild Gaza without Gaza's leaving Gaza. And, and Gaza's leaving Gaza will not be a solution. And and for us in Jordan, it is a matter of, of, of stability and security. And therefore our position is that we should solve the Palestinian issue in Palestine, on Palestinian land. And, and this conversation with the, with the, with the administration will continue. I think the objective is to bring about peace.


The President says he wants to bring about peace. We are partners for him and bringing about that peace and just peace. But our position is very clear. In order for peace to be, to be lasting, for everybody to feel secure, we have to have the two state solutions where Palestinians stay and Palestine and do not leave the country. Take A look at some of these posts by the leaders in the European Union. This post over here, the EU sees no justification for the imposition of tariffs on our exports. Economically counterproductive, a lose lose scenario. We're assessing the scope of the measures by Donald Trump, and we will be responding in a firm proportionate way by countermeasures, AKA retaliatory tariffs.


Antonio Costa goes, I fully support the European Union Commission in ensuring a firm and proportionate response to unjustified tariffs. The EU stands united in defending the interest of its businesses, workers and citizens. We are a reliable and predictable partner, and we will continue to strive for fair trading relationships. The European Union in the US account was just kind of responding with a sad face emoji. And I gotta finish up by showing President Claudia Scheinbaum of Mexico one more time.


Look at the strength that she is projecting. Donald Trump wishes that he could take a photograph like this. And she goes, remember the 112th anniversary of the March of Loyalty? We are proud of the courage, dedication, and loyalty to the people of the young cadets of the heroic military college. Powerful stuff right there. Let me just share with you this video that she put out as well. Take a look at this.


And while all of that was happening, in contrast, this is Elon Musk in the White House yesterday with Donald Trump. So utterly pathetic. Play this clip. The people voted for major government reform. There should be no doubt about that. That was on the campaign. The president spoke about that at every rally the people voted for, for major government reform. And that's what the people are gonna get. They're gonna get what they voted for. And a lot of times, you know, people that don't get what they voted for, but in this presidency, they are gonna get what they voted for. And that's what democracy's all about. Well, there you have it folks. A powerful response from President Claudia Shine Baum.


Powerful response from Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, from the leaders in Europe to the leaders in the Middle East, smacking Donald Trump down like the weak, pathetic fool that he is. I'm Ben Marcellus. This is the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe right now. Let's race to 4 million subscribers. We're almost there. Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.