
Hey, aren't you that PBM Middleman at your service? Doctor? Don't you get rebates that save money on medicines? Oh, PBMs like me get big rebates. So why do patients tell me they're worried about their costs? No one says we have to share the savings with patients. Congress should make sure medicine savings go directly to patients, not middlemen. Visit phrma.org/middlemen to learn more paid for by pharma.


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply,


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com.


Today, Mexico's president, Claudia Scheinbaum, is drawing another line in the sand to Donald Trump. She's not on the receiving end of Donald Trump's bullying. She's saying, we here in Mexico are a very proud people. You're not going to take advantage of us. You're going to treat us fairly or else. Remember, she previously threatened retaliatory tariffs against Donald Trump and also was very critical of how Donald Trump was trying to blame Mexico for situations that she said were actually problems in America, like synthetic drug consumptions, not a Mexico problem.


And she said, okay, you want to cause us pain? We'll cause you pain. We should be partners, but treat us with respect. And now she's drawing another line in the sand and she's saying, look, you're not just going to deport people from countries that aren't Mexico to Mexico. We're Mexico, we're Mexicans. You're not going to send Venezuelans to Mexico or Guatemalans to Mexico. If you're gonna do mass deportation exercises like you wanna do, you're not going to involve Mexico in your charade. Here is what she said. Specifically Mexico president is asking Trump, you're gonna deport non-Mexican migrants directly to their home countries.


And Mexico is not just going to be used by you in that way for you to, you know, just do your mass deportation plans. Now this also comes on the same day where she's also drawing a line in the sand to Canada. Now here's the thing. A lot of our Canadian followers have basically told me, And I really respect our Canadian following. I know we have a big Canadian following here at the Midas Dutch network. They said, look, Ben, what just in Trudeau did, in going to Mar-a-Lago, that was the responsible thing for a prime minister to do. And you explained to me too, that with all of the problems being caused by the Conservative party in Canada, by Pierre Paul Vier by people like Doug Ford by people like Danielle Smith and the premier of Alberta, Doug Ford, the premier of Ontario, you know, that he Trudeau did what Trudeau had to do there.


And but the conservative parties out there basically attacking Mexico. And you have Doug Ford out there saying, you know, look, this is, you know, they're saying like, look, Mexico is like, how dare Donald Trump compare us to Mexico here. Watch what Doug Ford from the conservative party in Canada had to say. Again, you know, Mexico still an ally though. I mean, there still is the United States, Canadian, Mexico, you know, treaty, there's still, you know, which is, which was after nafta. Here, listen to what Doug Ford said, play this clip. I want to emphasize to compare us to Mexico is the most insulting thing I've ever heard from our friends and close as allies, United States of America.


And now let me share with you what Danielle Smit said, the premier of Alberta, and again, conservative party, again attacking Mexico, saying that Mexico, we, we should kick Mexico out and just focus on, you know, trading directly with the United States and basically treating this as like a zero sum game. Here, play this clip. The, the real issue that we have is that Mexico has, has not been that equal partner with United States. And in, in addition to that, they're inviting China to engage in investment in Mexico, which is to hollowing out the manufacturing sector in both America as well as Canada. And so that's why I, I think we need to take a bilateral approach, put Canada first, and be able to get a carve out in for all of norther, for both Canada and US if, if we can.


And if not, then, then we'll certainly be, be prepared to work with the, the American administration on whatever products it is that they need so that we can have a constructive relationship. And I think our lead is going to be on energy. Do You agree with Ontario Premier Doug Ford that maybe Mexico should be cut out of the process if it won't comply with sort of the spirit of the U-S-M-C-A? That seems to be what you just said there. Am I understanding you correctly? A thousand percent. And I had a chance to talk to Premier Doug Ford about it. And so I'm, I'm very much in sync with what he has to say. Look, Mexico is important to Canada. There are fourth largest trading partner in Alberta. But just to give you the idea of the difference in the relationship, we, we have about 2.9 billion in bilateral trade with Mexico.


We have 188 billion in bilateral trade with United States. We, we, we certainly cannot sacrifice our relationship and friendship with our largest trading partner if this is a trade irritant. You Know, and just so I mean our, our Canadian supporters know this, but just in case you're not familiar with Canadian politics like Doug Ford, the premier of Ontario, you know, here he talks about how he was support for Donald Trump would never wave. Here's what Doug Ford had to say, play this clip. Are you still a supporter of Donald Trump? Absolutely. I wouldn't waver like the G p's wavering. I wouldn't Waver. And, and so while the conservative party in Canada is out there like now attacking Mexico and trying to, I mean, look, the conservative party was out there cuddling up to Donald Trump, and they were saying they were basically a, a Canadian version of kind of MAGA out there in, in their support of Donald Trump.


Ford would say all these great things about Trump. And then when Trump attacked Canada, Canada's reaction was then to, well, can the conservative party in Canada's reaction was then to attack Mexico and say, we should, let's kick Mexico out. Let's team up Donald, let's bully Mexico out when it should basically be. Let's you know what tr let's figure out, let's work together. Because ultimately if you're gonna pursue, you know, this kind of geopolitical bullying, all that's gonna do is bring China in and then force Mexico to join the bricks block, right of Brazil, of Russia, of India, of China, of South Africa, and other countries that are now joining with China and Russia in that alliance.


That's, that's all you're gonna do here. And you're going to weaken, you're going to weaken one of the strongest alliances between Mexico, Canada, and the United States.


Your sex life is important, but your schedule is busy. You don't have the time to go to a doctor's office to get treated for ED through Hims. You can get personalized ed treatment without stepping foot outside of your door. Hims is changing men's healthcare by providing you with the access to affordable sexual health treatments from the comfort of your couch. Hims provides access to a range of doctor trusted ed treatments like Chewable Hard Mints and Viagra and Cialis and their generics for up to 95% cheaper. The process is 100% online, so there's no need for uncomfortable doctor visits. Just answer a series of questions on their site and a medical provider will determine the right treatment options for you if prescribed. Your medication ships directly to you in discrete packaging for free. No insurance is needed, and one low price covers everything from treatments to ongoing care with hundreds of thousands of trusted subscribers. Hims can help you find the ED option that works best for you. So start your free online visit today at Hims dot com slash midas. That's h ims.com/m E-I-D-A-S for your personalized ed treatment options Hims dot com slash midas. Look, the products mentioned are chewable compounded products which are not approved by or verified or safety or effectiveness by the FDA prescriptions require an online consultation with a healthcare provider will determine if appropriate restrictions apply. See website for details and important safety information subscription required price varies based on product and subscription plan.


Here also is what Claudia shine Scheinbaum, the president of Mexico said. She goes, look, she says, you know, she, she punched back and she was like, look, don't say that about about US Canada. Like we have cultural riches here in Mexico. And she's saying, look, we take great pride in our country right here and stop mocking us. Like stop bullying us. You know, Mexico is, you know, is has, has been doing very well lately with, you know, from OBOR to Claudia Scheinbaum. You know, we're, we're not going to be bullied. You know, And I think that's an important step that you know, that she's taking there and kind of consistently fighting back.


And, you know, I did this other video as well that, you know, and she was forced to say that, by the way, because you have some people in the conservative party in Canada, I think that were kinda like bullying, you know, bullying her and saying Drop Mexico. And it should be like, let's just stop threatening each other with tariffs. Like, I think that's the right response. Stop threatening each other with tariffs. Allies should work together because what's happening, as I said, is you got President Xi from China coming in and he's using all this language of cooperation. We want to invest in you, let's work together, let's establish a world or all this stuff that he's pushing is the direct contrast to let's kick out countries, let's get rid of countries, let's bully countries.


Even if ultimately their plan is to do just that, they're using diplomatic language versus language that's very divisive. And so, you know, that's why I think what the conservative party may disagree with me in Canada's doing is a form of kind of MAGA bullying. But that's just, that's that, that, that, that, that's, that's just me right there. But we saw the photos. I, I talked about this of Claudia Scheinbaum. We saw the, we saw Claudia Scheinbaum with President Xi meeting with her, I at the G 20 with, you know, in Brazil. And so, you know, there you, you know, there, there, there you have it again. I just think it's interesting to see her kind of push back, draw these lines in the sand and do it with a great degree of confidence.


And, And I want to do reflect on what our Canadian supporters were saying, who by and large are actually supportive of tr Dogo And I Mar-a-Lago educating Donald Trump what tariffs are explaining why it would be dangerous. And now we're seeing, you know, his kind of adversaries, the kind of a similar party to MAGA in Canada, you know, who are now bullying Mexico and that's how they think that this is how they could work with Trump to bully Mexico. And, and you're just gonna have tit for tat it doesn't make any sense, but hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.