
This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free, or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcast to catch up on the latest episodes. Without the ads,


Mexico's powerful and wildly popular. President Claudia Scheinbaum stood up to Trump yet again calmly, confidently, and shut him down. Donald Trump backed down like the pathetic loser that he is. Let me show you what President Claudia Sheba did. Here was the statement that she gave cool, calm, collected, and she said, look, Donald Trump's gonna put these tariffs on us. We'll respond. We're ready to retaliate, nothing to worry about. We will strike back hard, but we're prepared to negotiate. Calm down, Donald. You're being too emotional.


Let's play this clip. The White House issued an offensive, defamatory and unfounded statement about the government of Mexico, which we categorically deny and strongly condemn. I want to make it clear to today that we will always seek a negotiated solution as we have proposed in the framework of respect for our sovereignties. But the unilateral decision made by the United States affects both national and foreign companies operating in our country and affects our peoples.


For this reason, we have decided to respond with tariff and non tariff measures that I will announce in the public square next Sunday. Man, president Claudia Scheinbaum really knows how to deal with Donald Trump. I mean, she's smacked him down so many times. It's been really just an incredible experience reporting on it. He or she is again, from that press conference again saying, look, see what he's gonna do. He'll probably back down like he's done before. If not, we've got our plans ready to go. But let me be very clear, you do not insult the sovereignty of the great nation of Mexico.


You do not attack our people. You do not. You do not defame us, and she's ready with the receipts. If you want to talk about the real issues with Fentanyl, If you want to talk about who's providing the weapons to drug cartels, If you want to talk about who's dealing the fentanyl and opioids in the United States, you may wanna look inside your own borders there, Donald. And instead of putting billions of dollars towards weapons of war, maybe you want to focus on things like education and actually helping your people. Here's President Claudia Scheinbaum again. Let's play it. I want to make it clear today that we will always seek a negotiated solution as we have proposed within the framework of respect for our sovereignty.


But the unilateral decision made by the United States affects national and foreign companies operating in our country and affects our peoples. That is why we have decided to respond with tariff and non tariff measures, which I will announce in the public square next Sunday. But it is inconceivable not to think about the damage that will be cost to both citizens and companies of the United States due to the increase in the prices of goods produced in our country, as well as the harm that will be caused by halting job creation in both countries.


No one wins with this decision. On the contrary, it affects the people we represent. And again, I just wanna show you how leading up to the imposition of these tariffs by Donald Trump, Claudia Scheinbaum never backed down. She was always cool, calm, collected, and knew exactly how to deal with Donald Trump. Here she was the day before that press conference. For Our part, we have been in communication. We have made the agreements and the necessary arrangements, but it is a decision that depends on the government of the United States, on the President of the United States.


So whatever this decision is, we will also make our decisions. And there is a plan. We will wait and see what happens in this. You need to have poise, calmness, and patience. And we have plan A, plan B, plan C, plan D. So we will wait today, Sorry, at that press conference there again and look like clockwork. She was right. Donald Trump then posted the following on March 6th on Thursday after speaking with President Claudia Scheinbaum of Mexico, I have agreed that Mexico will not be required to pay tariffs on anything that falls under the U-S-M-C-A agreement.


This agreement is until April 2nd. I did this as an accommodation out of respect for President Scheinbaum. Our relationship has been a very good one, and we are working hard together on the border, both in terms of stopping illegal aliens from entering the United States and likewise stopping Fentanyl. Thank you, president Cheba, for your hard work and cooperation. Remember the first time that Donald Trump imposed the tariffs and then he withdrew him right away because President Claudia Scheinbaum agreed that she would put 10,000 Mexican troops at the border, but it turned out there was already 15,000 troops at the border. So she actually agreed to 5,000 less.


But Donald Trump doesn't pay attention to any details because he rather hang out with crypto billionaire bros. So he can line his own pockets by grifting his own supporters. You remember that She showed the world how weak and pathetic was, how weak and pathetic Donald Trump was there. Can I show you these two clips though as well? I wanna show you this clip where Donald Trump talks about how anybody who, the person who negotiated this, this deal with Mexico and Canada is so stupid. Who would be so stupid? Here, let's play this clip. We Have big deficits with Canada like we do with all countries. I mean, I look at some of the deals made, I say who the hell made these deals are so bad.


But with Canada, I have a talk with him and you maybe know, or maybe, And now I have this other clip where, you know, the person who negotiated the deal, the U-S-M-C-A? Yeah, it was Donald Trump. And I think Donald Trump liked U-S-M-C-A because to him it was YMCA and he liked the name because he's an idiot. And then first Trump, I, I bet you he didn't read the U-S-M-C-A, you know, I, I just think he's like, oh, it sounds like YMCA, but it was your deal, Donald. And you love those letters, you said during the first administration, and now you're saying that whoever negotiated that deal is so stupid Here, play this clip.


It's my great honor to announce that we have successfully completed negotiations on a brand new deal to terminate and replace NAFTA and the NAFTA trade agreements with an incredible new US Mexico Canada agreement called us MCA, sort of just works, MCA US MCA, and that'll be the name, I guess that 99% of the time we'll be hearing. U-S-M-C-A has a good ring to it. I I, I think it's time we pull out our handy dandy graphic, the stupid cycle of a Donald Trump decision making tree.


I make a stupid decision, something really bad happens. I convince my followers the problem is now magically solved. I reverse my stupid decision. Or how about this one right here that you may like better? Trump goes, I'm adding tariffs to which the MAGA supporters go thought will create jobs. Yay, Donald Trump. I'm removing tariffs to which the Trump supporters go art of the deal. Donald Trump then goes, I'm adding the tariffs. The MAGA supporters go, that will create jobs. Donald Trump goes, I'm removing the tariffs art of the deal. That's literally what they've been doing every what other week at this point. And the markets here in the United States are crashing because of it.


Businesses like certainty, they don't like Trump chaos. And Trump is demonstrating chaos, chaos, chaos. Oh, and by the way, you want me to show you how that meme is actually real life and that I'm not overstating it. Here is Caroline Levitt. Donald Trump's propagandist here. She says, this is the art of the deal. This is how you do it. This is the art of the deal. Here, play this clip. This is major news. I know everyone wants to talk about tariffs. Bad, bad, bad. No, why don't, why don't people understand? The president is a never ending negotiator. He's a never ending negotiator. It's the art of the deal. But also the president has proven, as he did in his first terms, that tariffs can bring good paying jobs back here to the United States of America.


They protect critical industries here at home. And President Trump is serious when he says he wants to make America the manufacturing superpower of the world. And


As I'm sure you can tell by my reporting style, I don't like clutter. I don't like things that get clogged. I like clarity. And when it comes to my actual gutters at my home, it's no different. Look, clogged gutters are easy to forget, annoying to clean, and can grow into a big problem. So there's an easier way to ensure your gutters, like my gutters, stay clean and avoid costly damage. Upgrade to a permanent solution you can count on with Leaf Filter so you never have to clean out your gutters again. Right now, you can get a free inspection, free estimate and save up to 30% off your entire purchase at Leaf Filter dot com slash midas. I know sometimes that it can seem like gutters are more complicated than it really is. And for me, that's why I just need to put it in the hands of experts and people who know what they are doing. When Lee Filter was installed in my house, it gave me a piece of mind. And when it comes to dependable, low maintenance solutions, that's what I'm looking for. A Leaf Filter provided that to me. Clog gutters aren't just a nuisance. They can cause extensive water damage. Every Leaf Filter installation comes with a lifetime no clog guarantee. And here's what I want you to do. Call today, schedule your free gutter inspection. Get a no obligation free estimate. A Leaf Filter trusted Pro will clean out, realign and seal your gutters before installing Leaf Filter. Over 1 million homeowners have trusted Leaf Filter. So do what I did. Protect your home and never clean out gutters again with Leaf Filter America's number one gutter protection system. Schedule your free inspection and take advantage of the Spring spectacular sale with up to 30% off your entire purchase at Leaf Filter dot com slash midas. That's a free estimate, free inspection, and 30% off at EAF filter.com/midas c representative for warranty details.


Here was Donald Trump as he was talking about the tariffs before he withdrew the tariffs earlier in the week talking about it. And you'll see that the stock market is tanking. While Trump was talking about the tariffs The United States has been taken advantage of for, for 40 years, the United States has been a laughing stock for years and years. That's why this gentleman is built in Taiwan instead of building here. Would've been better if he built here, if we had a president that knew what they were doing. And we had a lot of 'em very bad on trade. And I'll show you an oldie, but a goodie. Remember when President Claudia Scheinbaum in response to Donald Trump using a map from 1607?


Or remember when Trump in response to Donald Trump acts claiming the Gulf of Mexico is the Gulf of America? She showed this map using from 1607 saying that, you know what, Donald? You wanna play this game? We will name the Gulf of, we'll, we, we will name all of the United States of America, Mexican America, we'll name it all here, play this clip. Obviously, Gulf of Mexico is named recognized by the United Nations. It's an organization of the United Nations. But the next question is, why don't we call it Mexican America? It sounds nice, doesn't it? Right. Since 1607, the Constitution referred to it as Mexican America.


So let's call it Mexican America. Sounds nice, doesn't it? And Gulf of Mexico, well, you see since 1607. And it's also recognized internationally. Well, historically speaking, because as you might know, I know they're going to ask me. I think that yesterday, president Trump, they misinformed President Trump with all due respect. 'cause I believe they told him that Philippe Calderon and Garcia Luna were still in power in Mexico. The Wall Street Journal previously wrote this, how Mexico's leader is writing the playbook for handling Trump.


And she's been calling him out strongly each and every way. But you know, look, then Donald Trump moves on to the next shiny object. And what's he back at? Well, he was, oh, this week. What was he back at? He sent a, he sent a post on his social media. He went back to Hamas, Shalom Hamas. Shalom Hamas. He says, I'm gonna unleash. Hell remember, he said, he is gonna leash hell like he does that every month. He goes from the tariffs to the unleashing hell. Oh, and then he goes to his joint address before Congress where he talks about a conquering Greenland. He went back to that. Here, play the clip. And I also have a message tonight for the incredible people of Greenland.


We strongly support your right to determine your own future. And If you choose, we welcome you into the United States of America. We need Greenland for national security and even international security. And we're working with everybody involved to try and get it. But we need it really for international world security. And I think we're gonna get it one way or the other. We're gonna get it. We'll keep you safe, But such a pathetic, decrepit, decaying, despicable individual he is. And he, and he just looks so weak.


Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million. Thanks for watching. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection@store.midastouch.com. All 100% SA Union Made.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now, and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.