
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash special offer.


If you have kids or pets, you know stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem drive.com today.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one. Ready to eat meal service factor's, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs Apply


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker. It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interest and stuff, even Charles Barker's. Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and President in Virginia must be first online real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Donald Trump is getting a rude awakening in Michigan after going to Michigan to, I don't know, celebrate 100 days. The most disastrous days ever in the first 100 days of a presidency. We're getting new polling data out of Michigan and Donald Trump's poll numbers. There are crashing. A recent poll at a Michigan is showing 56% of Michigan voters disapprove of Trump's performance after his first 100 days of his second term. Only 17% say it's pretty good. Only 24% of people say that it is excellent, but by far more people are viewing this as negative to catastrophic.


Also, when you dig into the numbers here, Donald Trump is negative on every single issue. The only issue though, where he, I guess is, you know, basically at a baseline even is I suppose his main issue, immigration, for which 48% of respondents in Michigan gave him a positive rating and 48% gave him a negative rating, would still 4% undecided. And the pollster here says that it's clear from the data that he's beginning to suffer from his own base, from the own MAGA supporters, which is interesting 'cause he's usually able to still hold that kind of MAGA crew.


Of course, Michigan is a pivotal swing state and unfortunately it went for Trump in the 2024 election. Let, let me just show you the scene outside of that Trump rally or whatever the heck you want to call it, where he was there for his 100 days. It seemed like there were more protesters and more than even people who were actually at this event. But here was the scene outside of the event. Let's play it.


You know, one of the things too in, in Michigan that I've noticed also is that that Trumpism that just kind of cruelty and meanness, unfortunately seeps into that Republican party there. Their speaker of the house, a guy named Matt Hall, just the insults that he uses. I mean, the way he refers to another state representative, my z and and I, I'll just play it for you because they just use the Trump immature bullying and this should be nowhere, not in Michigan. We should just act like adults and be professional and carry ourselves with dignity and, and, and act responsibly. But just watch, this is Michigan's Republican speaker of those, they all do like Trump routines. Now to play it, You know, I think everybody saw yesterday, and we have this very low IQ representative named my Z, probably one of the dumbest ones in the legislature.


And I saw this video of her and she's like, the house speaker is not here today. We need to have session. There's, you know, we need to work for the people of Michigan, Macomb County. Well, where was I? Let's bring in Michigan, secretary of State, Jocelyn Benson to talk about this all. You're out with the new book, also the Purposeful Warrior standing up for what's right when the stakes are high. You're also a candidate for governor in the state of Michigan. So you're a pretty, pretty busy person right now. Let's first talk about Donald Trump's poll numbers there, but less, less about the poll numbers. What are you seeing? You know, the state better than just about anybody. What are you seeing Secretary?


And Everywhere I go in Michigan, it's clear that these reckless tariffs and the confusing economic policies of this administration have only driven up the cost of living in the state and made things more uncertain for so many people. I was in Saginaw speaking with some local merchants, small business owners, and they said, look, I don't know where our shipment's coming from. If we're going to get any more inventory, if I can afford to make payroll, you may need to shut down. Stories like that are affecting people all across their state. Our farmers are, you know, wondering how they're going to ensure that they can meet their financial goals for the year. And then of course we have a, you know, that's not even touching the, the confusion and concerns around Medicaid that 2.5 million Michigan citizens rely on.


So it's a consistent feeling of anxiety, of confusion, of even among folks who supported President Trump because he told them that he would lower the cost of living and now they're only seeing costs go up. So it's a lot of frustration, anger, fear, and nervousness that I think, and I believe the next governor can work to alleviate through policies that can address the economic wellbeing of our people. But at the same time, undoubtedly these poll numbers don't surprise me because people are feeling the pain and the struggles that people have been going through in Michigan for a number of years have only exacerbated under this administration.


You know, then he shows up in Michigan, he gives that speech in Warren, he praises the January 6th insurrectionists again. He then talks about one of his accomplishments, he talks about, we, we've opened up toilet bowls. I'm the toilet bowl president. I'll just show it to you. 'cause it, every time I see it, I'm just like, what? I'm like, come on. Like this is just not normal stuff. Like wake up people here, just, just watch this. I need everything I can get. I don't need to be under his shower trying to get water to come out of that damn thing. So we've opened up the shower heads, the faucets, the toilets, the washing machines that don't give you water.


All of that stuff has been opened up and we're giving, Yeah, I mean, when people are feeling pain and we know the people in Michigan are feeling lots of pain, then he goes in and does that. I just go, this goes with your book. I just go, that's not right. Let's not talk about politics. I just go, that's not right. Like, don't we have to go back fundamentally to Right, wrong purpose, non purpose. Yeah. And bullies don't get to define who we are, right? No matter all the rhetoric, all the challenges, all the, the noise, the chaos, the cruelty.


That does not have to define who we are. And we have AdChoices as citizens every day to wake up and say, that's not me. I will show myself, my community, our, our leaders, what leadership really looks like. And I think we've lost, we don't hear enough people, frankly these days saying, that's not right. Republicans, democrats and everyone in between should be screaming this from the rooftops. So much of what we're seeing now from the bullying that you just showed from Matt Hall, which was atrocious and unacceptable from any public official and to all of the, the confusing things that, that come out of the president's mouth, that's not right.


And essentially that's what I did in 2020 and Beyond, right? I stood up and I said, you can't take the votes of our citizens away. You can't challenge our fair, accurate election results. That's not right. And some of my book is about how bullies punch back, like there are consequences to standing up for what's right when the, when the stakes are high. But at the same time, that does not mean that we sit down. It means that we build a plan strategically to prepare for that punch when it comes. But that should not deter us from standing up for what's right. How big of an issue is Donald Trump's insulting of Canada on the economy of Michigan? And how big of an impact are you seeing there?


I mean, it's not just the tariffs, right? When Donald Trump uses language of annexation, you know, all of our Canadian supporters who call themselves the, the Maple Midas, they go, Ben, that's war language. He's speaking the way Vladimir Putin speaks to Ukraine, which leads to invasion. So we, we don't take it as funny, We don't take it as a joke and we are not traveling to these states anymore. And you know, I've seen people in Michigan, you know, go out and protest against Trump showing Canadian flags to show solidarity. And then I saw the other one in Windsor and people, you know. So it was great to see that at its core, Americans recognize what important allies Canadians are, but what do you see there?


Yeah, I mean, the economic impact of this rhetoric, of this, this fist pumping, you know, chest pumping noise that is, that is coming out of the, the White House, the economic impact of that in Michigan is real because we are a state with several border crossings into Canada. It affects our auto industry, it affects our healthcare industry. It affects our energy and our ability to ensure that electricity is getting where it needs to be. Our partnership as a state with Canada, a neighboring country to the north that we have, that w that that can can, can give us many ideas that we can actually learn from to improve the economic wellbeing and healthcare of our residents instead of looking to our, our friend to the north and finding ways to work together so that we can all thrive.


We, we are now having to deal with this rhetoric that is taking us in the opposite direction. I think the state's bordering Canada, in the Midwest, like Michigan, like Pennsylvania, like Wisconsin, like Minnesota, the governors of those states can work together. And this is something that I would work on as well as Governor of Michigan to try to re-balance this rhetoric and rebuild that relationship because it does impact all of our states directly. But in this moment, the economic impact and challenges of this trade war are being felt in the pocketbooks of every resident of the state. And before we go talk about the book, the Purposeful Warrior, I mean, we talked about it, you know, a little bit before there, but the idea of being purposeful, the idea of right and wrong, as you said, the decisions that you had to make in 2020 of this isn't even about this political party or that party.


You don't steal elections, you don't try to overthrow free and fair elections, you know, and what's really, you know, impacted me so much, you know, and as I, I am seeing though even Trump appointed judges who are ruling against him on certain issues about, you know, due process. But then I see Donald Trump inviting the head of the Proud Boys to Mar-a-Lago this past weekend. They were partying together, Enrique Tario, Donald Trump partying at Mar-a-Lago together. And then I think of the Trump appoint to judge who sentenced Enrique Tario to 22 years. And, and, you know, and, and speak, speak to that if you can.


Yeah, I mean it's, it's a really harrowing moment for our country and what the book is really about. It started by my effort to talk about what it was like to stand up to the president and his supporters after in the aftermath of the 2020 presidential election. There were consequences. It was not easy, but it was the right thing to do because at the end of the day, we are a democracy and we stand by the will of the voters no matter who wins. And at the same time now as we see these economic policies wreaking havoc on our state and elsewhere, I believe, and I'm reminded by that, the quote, I think President Clinton who said, there's nothing that's wrong with this country that cannot be solved by what's right about this country. And what's best about this country is our people are the American citizens.


So this book is a call to action for all of us to be warriors, for ourselves, for the truth, for the rule of law, for our constitution, for our communities, for our loved ones, for our economy. And history teaches us if we all collectively work as warriors, showing grace, empathy, strategy, focus, it's not just about fighting, it's doing it in a, in a way that gets things done and moves the needle and wins elections and the like. If we do that, we can get through this moment and emerge with a healthier and stronger country than ever before. That's what I'm fighting for. And at the end of my book, not to give anything away, what I define is, is that vision and say, you know, this is what we can build together. So let's, let's go join me, The Purposeful Warrior, Jocelyn Benson, Michigan Secretary of State, good luck on your candidacy for governor.


We'll be following it and we hope to have you back to talk more about that as well. Thanks, and go to jocelyn benson.com if you wanna find out more about me, my work, and my next steps. Thanks for having me. Absolutely. Everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Let's go.


Can't get enough Midas. Plus check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.