
Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms proving difficult to manage? Taya Guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year, many patients taking Taya achieved clinical remission, and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. Tremfya is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis, serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor If you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or If you need a vaccine. Ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. Call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit trem via radio.com.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered tech scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com Cancel anytime terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know If you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront Payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, default terms@mintmobile.com.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Let's talk about someone who Donald Trump attacks over and over again, probably almost more than anyone. It's a reporter, an author by the name of Michael Wolf, and I'm sure you've seen Donald Trump attack him like this so-called author Michael Wolf's new book is a total fake job, just like the other junk he wrote called me many times trying to set up a meeting, but I never called him back because I didn't want to give him credibility of an interview, blah, blah, blah. There's so many other posts like this and Michael Wolf's out with a new book called All or Nothing, how Trump Recaptured America. And frankly because of posts like that, he's kind of persona non Grotta when it comes to corporate media.


And normally you do a book tour, you talk about your book. Michael Wolf wrote about it in the Hollywood Reporter Michael Wolf. Trump scared the news networks into banning my book, it's guest column in the Hollywood Reporter. And does it shock you that the corporate media oligarchs who went and kissed the ring at Mar-a-Lago would not want someone like Michael Wolf on their network. They used to have him on the network all the time to talk about his reporting. I think there may be another reason as well that Trump attacks wolf more than anybody. What can it be? I, I thought for a second they were gonna release those Epstein files. Remember all of those MAGA influencers, they, they went outside and they were holding their binders up saying that they had those, those Epstein files.


And it turned out it was just like Epstein's phone list, by the way, which has Trump's name on it, which was released many years ago in connection with the various cases involving Epstein. But if y'all remember, Wolf's got a lot of tapes of Epstein talking about Donald Trump. Like you may recall this one that we in the Daily Beast Report, but almost no one else was reporting before the election. Seems like a big deal to me. But you remember this. Let's play it. I think we have a snippet from one of the conversations that I recorded with Epstein, and I think this was in a restaurant in 2017. His People fight each other, right?


And then have outsiders. He sort of poisons the well outside. He will tell 10 people, Bannon's a scumbag and priest is not doing a good job. And Kelly has a big mouth. What do you think Jamie Diamond says that you're a problem and I shouldn't keep you. And I spoke to Carl, and Carl thinks I need a new spokesperson. That so Kelly, even though I hired Kellyann's husband Kellyann, she's too much of a wild book. Let's bring on Michael Wolf since we now have a platform bigger than corporate media platform and they don't wanna have him on.


Let's have 'em on the author of All or Nothing. How Trump Recaptured America first. Mr. Wolf, my question for you is how have you uncovered that you're pretty much banned from being on corporate media? You know, it was, so this, this book came out and this is my, this is my fourth book and all of the other books, you know, they come out and everybody invites you on to talk about Donald Trump because it's Donald Trump and, and Donald Trump gets ratings. So, and my books and I sell a lot of books, so therefore it seems unnatural for television. And then, so this book came out, or we began planning for it, and it was crickets out there.


E everybody was going, well, no, I don't, you know, we'll, we'll get back to you and M-S-N-B-C, which of course would book this, want me on to talk about this book because what else do they talk about besides Donald Trump? And, and, and disliking Donald Trump. And they had booked me for that first publication week, which was, I guess two, three weeks ago. And, but then just as the, as the, as the White House started to attack me, excerpts began to, leaks began to appear about the book, and then the White House attacked me and they canceled, they canceled everything.


And it was like, well, it's now with we're we're, it's it's with our standards committee or some, some strange thing, which I've never heard of. And you know, clearly. And then actually somebody from the White House called up to threaten me and said, you know, it's a new climate and, and then cited the a BC settlement, this ongoing negotiations with CBS to settle over, over the way they edited the Kamala Harris interview on 60 Minutes. And, and then, and then actually M-S-N-B-C, the people there were fairly straightforward in saying, well, you know, it's a new climate.


So, so I, I thought it was time for someone to acknowledge that things had changed in this new Trump world order. And, and that included, you know, the media running incredibly scared. Must have shocked you. I mean, you spent your whole career as a reporter. You write these books, you read a lot of books that before I even got into quitting my law practice and doing this full-time, I, I read, I read your books, I read Fire and Fury, just this idea that you would be told it's a, that the climate has shifted where you can talk about your book and like I know the exhaustive process.


I mean, you go through hours and hours of, of interviews and, and fact checks and they're being told because you're writing a book critical, you can't go on the networks. And then Trump's people are saying it's a different climate, which you perceived, I think rightfully so as a threat. Well, I, I mean, I I might say that nothing about television ever surprises me, but I think at this moment in time is a very precarious moment. Virtually Trump is out there threatening anybody he perceives as an enemy. And the media companies are very vulnerable here.


They all have, I mean, we're, we're, we're suddenly in this media environment where, where everybody is looking at, at some consolidation play, and they're all going to need regulatory imp approval from the FCC. And Trump is holding this over their heads. I mean, very clearly and very, you know, this is not even even a soft suggestion. It's an outright threat. We can, we can block your business future. Now all of these media comp, I mean there are, there are the news, news channels and news divisions, which I am I'm talking to.


But those are, those are owned by these very large companies, Comcast, Warner Brothers, discovery Disney who have many, where, where the stakes are much higher than just their news division. Yeah. Well you're gonna be stuck with me right now for this interview, Michael. So let me ask you one question and and we get more viewers than a lot of them. So, and I think all of them. So let, let me, let me start here and I want to go talk about your book in, in a moment, but I, I, I did show that clip of the Epstein tapes, and I think it's in the news a lot because Trump's putting it in the news, his regime.


People are saying, we've got the files, we're gonna release the files, and then they release nothing. They give binders to influencers who then say, these are the Epstein files, and then they blamed it on like FBI in New York and said, that's the reason why. And then I think they're just hoping that everybody like just forgets about it. Just can, can, can you remind us and let us know the, the amount of one, why do you have these, the, the audio recordings like that? How many do you have? And just remind the audience of like a general flavor of, of what they are. So people, so people know what it is that I even showed 'em In 2014.


Epstein, who I, who I knew through some New York connections, asked me if I would be interested in writing a book about him. And, and I was like, well, you know, I, I don't know. I said, I don't know. And I probably wasn't. But he was there, there, there was something about Epstein, you might even call it his charm. I mean, there, there is a reason so many people were around him. So many well-regarded powerful people were around him. And it was partly his expansiveness.


And he said, and he said to me, well, you decide If you wanna write a book about me, but you can come my house at my, at my, at this dining room table where, where people came from morning till, till till evening. Incredibly famous people and sat around and, and just discussed the state of the world really. And while he fed them and his cooks brought out all kinds of food, I mean a really kind of incredibly peculiar scene to witness in, which I witnessed over and over again and, and ran the tape recorder.


And, and he sat for many, many hours of discussion with, with me. I mean, certainly, certainly 80, 90, probably a hundred hours I have of Epstein on tape. And, and one of the discussions, because this was occurring, Trump became the president in, in 2017, I began writing, writing about, about Trump. And so we spent a lot of time talking about Donald Trump and Epstein's relationship with, with, with Trump, which was went on for a good, certainly 15 years and was incredibly close.


They were, I, you know, each other's closest friend for a very long time. And Epstein, I, you know, I think Epstein is one of those people who truly knew Donald Trump, knew many secrets about Donald Trump and was threatening to Donald Trump. So, and in actually, so at this moment in the, in, in the White House, you know, the, the, the whole maga people think, oh, Epstein, and this is a conspiracy, and the, you know, pedophilia is all Democrats or, or pedophiles or, but at the same time, Trump is totally freaked out about the Epstein thing.


And you know, I mean he, they they were very close friends. There's a moment in, in my last last book where, where I talk about Trump talking to his people about, about what Ghislaine Maxwell might have on him and what she might say, and should he pardon her? How many hours would you say is about audio? You said there's like maybe 80, a hundred hours total, but of that, what do you think would be of Trump related conversations? You Know, I, I can't, I mean, Trump weaved in and out of all conversations and, and remember, and, and also there's a lot in these tapes, tapes of Steve Bannon, who was very Fri became very friendly with Epstein.


So it's Bannon and Trump, Bannon and Epstein also talking about Trump, which was their kind of bond. I mean, they both, they both, they're both kind of incredulous about the character of Donald Trump and that this character became the president of the United States. Are are you planning on ever releasing I I saw the snippets on Daily Beast, the other portions that haven't been Released? Well, yeah, you know, this is a funny thing 'cause I have, I have really tried to try to find venues for this material for quite a number of years now. And, and ev everybody kind of gets excited about it because it's, it's kind of riveting stuff.


And then everybody goes, oh, but you know, it's Epstein, we can't do Epstein because he's, you Epstein and, and project after project kind of kind of meets. Its, its an an untimely end. Well, well, we'll chat afterwards and I'll make a, I'll, I'll make a pitch to you, but let's talk about the book All or Nothing right now. Tell us what's in this book. Tell us why people should get it and why this is kind of the evolution of your books, whether it was Fire and Fury, where where does this fit Your Sure, I mean, this is, this is the campaign.


I mean, I started writing this book in, in, in 2022. So it's, it really the, is the campaign, the Trump campaign from the beginning, right till the till, till till the election. And you know, and I think it's, it's interesting again, because this is just another window into who this guy is. This is, this is the character of Donald Trump. I mean, you, you know, and I often point out I'm not a political reporter. I'm, I'm a writer. I'm interested in in character, I'm interested in getting the guy on the page. So to be able to see him through this campaign really day by day, day after day, to be talking on a constant basis to the people around him.


I mean, I think, I think offers just this, this, this vivid window into, into a how this happened, how he comes back from total disgrace after January 6th to winning the presidency again. And also the, the just the, just the peculiar ness of this guy. You know, it's, it, you know, it's a kind of story in which, in which he veers between this kind of mania and, and this depressive rage.


So this is Donald Trump raw. You know, there's something too though about your legacy as a writer of these types of biographies that I think scares him. It's peculiar and particularly focused on, on you. And, and I think it's because, you know what, and and it's, this is a compliment to you that you are one of the kind of remaining old school biographers kind of out there. And in his own mind, He, He respects your work in a sense, and he knows your process.


So when you are giving that lens, his fragile ego can't accept it. I, I don't know if there's parts of that, but it's something unique about you that pisses him off. There's a lot of people. Well, you know, I, yeah, I mean, I think it's because, because again, I'm not a political reporter. I'm, I don't, I'm, you know, I'm, you know, most other reporters, people covering Donald Trump are seeing him in a political context. That's not really the, the way I see him or the way I wanna see him. I wanna see the guy as, as, as real, as possible, as, as, as personally as possible. You know, when I wrote my biography of Rupert Murdoch, he called me up, he was enraged by it.


And, and he called me up yelling, and I said, Rupert, just, just please tell me what's wrong with this. And he kind of sputtered and he says, it's just so personal. And I said, well, Rupert, it is a biography. And, and, and I think that's part of what happens with, with, with Trump. It's, it's very difficult for these guys to see them, to see themselves in a, you know, through someone else's eyes and seeing them as with, with some degree of the emperor, with no cl with no clothes.


And then finally, what, what I, I don't want to ruin the book for everybody, so they should all get it here. Flash the book one more time, salty so people can see it All or Nothing by Michael Wolf, how Trump Recaptured America. And thanks to your team for sending it my way, and I'd recommend everybody to read it. But my, what what do you make right now? Obviously you're, you know, you, you're observing, I think the way the rest of the world is these, this manic Trump of tariffs. No tariffs, tariffs, no tariffs. Him sitting in front of the, these world leaders in the Oval Office talking about annexing this country, annexing that country. How does your research on him maybe inform people on this moment that they're seeing right now?


Are you seeing something different right now in his pathology? Or is this consistent with who you, who you've covered? So I completely consistent. I mean, d Donald, Donald Trump, I don't think has changed the way he operates or what he wants or how he sees things in decades. And, and these, these, these first weeks of the new administration, which are actually rather like the first weeks of the first administration all goes back to what does he want? And he wants headlines, headlines, headlines, headlines. He doesn't care about policy. He doesn't care about a legislative agenda. He cares about, about dominating the news cycle every day.


So you can read the New York Times today, and literally every story is a Trump related story. That's what he wants. And there's some method to this madness, which is to say that if, if, if, if he gets airtime or, or, or headlines, nobody else does, therefore he is the only thing that matters. He's the only person on the stage. And that's how he has run his political life. That's how he ran his real estate life. That's how he ran his entertainment business life. And, and it doesn't matter if he, if he contradicts the headlines the next day, tariffs on Tariffs Off because it, it just gives him another headline, As I like to say.


Now, we are all somewhat trapped as kind of non-consensual participants in this dystopian reality show that he's, you know, that, that, that he's created. You gonna do any more books? What are you thinking? What's the next one? You know, after every book I say, I say I, I say I, I certainly hope not, and I swear off any possibility. So, and that's, that's where I am today in this moment. So we will see, Well, you've written a lot of books after swearing it off, so we'll come back in a year and we'll check in on you Michael Wolf. Thanks for everything and everybody check out the book, All or Nothing, how Trump, recaptured America. Appreciate you, Michael, for coming on. Thanks So much.


Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.