
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler. The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my bets in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts Of interest in stuff, even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself. And ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman matches, X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantisx.com.


Donald Trump is brutally screwing over his own voters. Those in the red states are gonna be hit the hardest based on Donald Trump's schemes and scams. Don't trust me. How about 2017? JD Vance, play the clip. And, and as we've been talking about, this is not just a policy problem. There's obviously a significant issue of folks potentially losing access to their healthcare, but if you think of the political problem, you know, folks have always asked, what is it that's going to drive Donald Trump's voters away from 'em? Well, losing their healthcare may actually be the answer to that question. And unfortunately, the Republicans who I think have been very smart and frankly correct in the fact that Obamacare hasn't solved a lot of the core problems of the American healthcare market now own the problem.


They're gonna learn very quickly unless they craft a better bill. That it's not just enough to critique the bill that has failed in the past. You have to actually offer a better alternative. And we're gonna see if the Senate is able to actually put forward that alternative. And Democrats have also been, And we all know under the new GOP budget scam, 13, 14 million Americans are gonna lose their healthcare. They're gonna lose access to supplemental nutrition assistance program, food stamps. They're gonna lose access to programs that provide cost of living and, and, and rental assistance. But there's no longer regulation on silencers and silencers get tax exemption. So I guess silencers were a big winner.


Also, of course, billionaires and oligarchs were a big winner, getting trillions of dollars in tax cuts from stealing from the poor. Then you've got these like Trump officials, like Janine Pirro making these like selfie videos of herself. Like Jeanine Piro that yes, the Fox host is now the top federal prosecutor in Washington DC and she's like making selfie videos whining over water And that she has to pay $7 for, I don't even know what she's whining about, but let them meet cake. Huh? Here, play this clip. Hi everyone, it's Judge Janine. I'm at the water cooler in the United States Attorney's Office in Washington DC and you may recall that the United States gave something like $44 billion a year through U-S-A-I-D for things like dance classes in Wuhan China and Sesame Street in Iraq.


But here in the United States, in the United States Attorney's Office where we prosecute crime on behalf of the victims, on behalf of the people who are targeted by criminals, the US attorneys as well as the staff. In order to get water, they have to join a water club and they have to pay, it's a dues paying membership. And today they ask for our patients, why? Because we couldn't get water delivered today. Today there was no water delivered to the United States. That's what they're doing. I mean, you, you just can't make this stuff up. And also Donald Trump, last Thursday had his meeting with his meme coin wallet holders.


Most of them are from foreign countries. And here, Donald Trump's press secretary, chief Propaganda says, you're not gonna get to know who was there because this is his personal time. He, this is, he's on personal time. So we don't know the people who have paid millions of dollars to buy access here, play this clip. You're welcome. Thanks for being here, Garrett. Go ahead. Caroline. You guys are very proud of your record on transparency. I have two transparency related questions for you. Sure. On the President's dinner tonight. Well, the White House commit to making a list of the attendees public so people can see who's paying for that kind of access to the President. Well, as you know, Gareth, this question has been raised with the president.


I have also addressed the dinner tonight. The president is attending it in his personal time. It is not a White House dinner. It's not taking place here at the White House, but certainly I can raise that question and try to get you an answer for it. Okay. And on the Qatari aircraft, the Air Force has said they're gonna classify, Let's bring in Molly Jung, fast friend of the Midas Touch Network. And Molly actually gave the introduction to the Webby Award that we won. It was a beautiful introduction. Thank you Molly. Molly been a writer. You've been covering different administrations. You know, the, the what I just showed you. Let let them eat cake. Huh? Let them eat cake. You know what's so interesting about this administration is at every point they're sort of rediscovering government.


Like they're learning how government works. You know, judge Pirro, judge Janine judge box of wine as she's called, she has this, you know, here she is, go, you know, learning about government. It's not fancy, right? There is money that's spent for foreign aid. I mean, I thought that was bizarre. Very specious. You know, that somehow millions of dollars of foreign aid should be sort of spent on government workers. And the funny thing that government workers offices, what I think is the funniest part of this whole thing is that these people actually, they do In fact, like they made this whole case to their people, that somehow government workers were making all this money and government was filled with fraud, waste, and abuse.


And here is Judge Pirro going like, oh, actually there's not even bottled water here. So it turns out the federal government is not as fancy as a Fox News Green Room. You talk about the people who are gonna be hit the hardest from this budget bill, or frankly, everything that Trump does, you know, the, the people who feel we all are feeling pain, right? But it's often people, even in the red states though, who are dependent on Medicaid, who are dependent on food stamps, who are dependent. Not to say it's just unique to that, right? But if you look at it yet, the propaganda, whether it's the racism, the propaganda, the hate, you know, the lies seem to still kind of permeate.


Don't get me wrong. We're seeing polls right now showing that Donald Trump's the least popular at this point in presidential history. But still his support, depending on poll to poll, is 37% to 42%. That's still a lot of millions of people who are suffering who vote for this guy? Well, with the structure, it, it's a question of the structure. So a lot of these blue states have high state taxes. When you have a high state tax, it means you get more money from the state. If you have a lower state tax, you have to get more money from the federal government. And those red states are the states with a lower state taxes. So they get more money from the federal government. What does Donald Trump wanna do? What does the big beautiful bill do? And actually cuts federal services for a lot of states for, I mean, cuts federal services broadly across the board.


But the people are gonna be affected. The harshest are gonna be people who live in red states. For example, Trump world is obsessed with getting rid of the Department of Education. They're doing this because there is, they're sort of obsessed with Carter. And Carter created the Department of Education. So there's a feeling that, you know, if they can just get rid of the Department of Education, then they can, you know, but the things that the Department of Education do, right? Grant Pell Grants, that's college for kids who can't afford it. Title one, that's money for schools that don't have any money. These are things that are really help the poorest of us and why they're, why the federal government, it sort of exists there.


The social safety net. And what Trump did in his second term was he was able to get sort of lower information voters to get out and vote for him. And they were, you know, people who didn't necessarily vote. And they're not even lower information. That is true. But there are also these low frequency voters. That's why the polling is always so off for Trump is because he gets people who don't vote to vote for him. But the problem is, a lot of those people who don't vote tend to be people who really are, who benefit from the federal government as, as well. They should. A lot of them, you know, one of the most disturbing things about this big beautiful bill, and look, this bill is gonna go to the Senate, it's gonna get totally changed.


But one of the things that's the most upsetting about it, this really is this bill is set up to make good a lot of Trump's campaign promises, many of which are I think, pretty undoable. Like no tax on tips. How are you gonna say, what's a tip? What's not a tip? How are you gonna, you know, make it so that people can't just say everything I do is a tip. Now, I mean the, it's, I'm not sure how you can structure that, but more importantly, what what you're seeing now is these, it's just these Republicans are going after the people who put them in office. And, and a great example of this is the snap benefits. So this will be the largest cut to food assistance, you know, in, in his, in, I think in history.


I think that, that I had read it was in history. And I mean, it'll be a seismic shift in the way we give money to children. It will mean more healthy, more hungry children. This cut will mean more hungry children. Important to mention that this bill also grows the deficit. So it both cuts services for poor children, more hungry children, and also more government debt. I don't know how it manages to both do two of the things you don't want in your, you know, starve children and also grow the deficit. But it does, and look by the way the bond market isn't happy. You know, the bond market is sort of the last thing we have putting Trump and check.


And it's foreign investors saying like, is the US credit good or bad? Do we even really wanna be in this thing? And the bond market is freaked out by this as well. It should be because this is a budget of sort of, it, it's a just a very, you know, it, it shows a certain lack of responsibility that the Republican party doesn't, they are not worried about the deficit. And they're also not worried about serving children, which these are two things they should be worried about. A lack of responsibility is Trump being Trumpy, right? You go back and just look at everything this guy's done in his life when he went into Atlantic City with daddy's money, three casinos he bought right next to each other.


And everybody's saying the amount of debt you're taking on with three of your own casinos that are gonna compete against each other, you're gonna cannibalize your own casinos. So you may have this flashy opening with Michael Jackson and fake gold plated this, you're gonna bankrupt it. What does Trump do? Threatens the whistleblowers. They get fired, they sue him. He settled at least with one big, you know, prominent case. The Atlantic City casinos go bankrupt over and over again. He makes money, but the contractors there and the workers lost. Their life savings in Atlantic City was destroyed. And we see this with a lot of his endeavors. And now he's doing this with the United States of America.


Now, one of the things that I've talked about to combat all of this is I try to say, let's not get too political and let's focus on the people. I said politics has a way of gamifying humanity and people, and sometimes you just have to listen and hear the life stories of just what people are going through. And every dot comma period, red line of a budget bill is actually impacting families. And all families have stories to tell, you know, which is why I find it interesting also that, you know, your latest book is a personal memoir. It's a daughter's memoir where you at this moment want to tell a story about just your own family.


You call it How to Lose Your Mother, A Daughter's Memoir. It's a great book. And I just think that what's important about this is that we, we have to always reflect on, we, we all have unique and interesting family dynamics with complexities and drama and love and, and all of these issues. And, and you know, not to use a a cliche, but nothing gold can stay. We're all here for a fleeting moment of time with our families, and we just want what's best for them as we struggle through complex world. So I wonder if you wrote this book also now because of kind of the uncertainty.


I, I guess I should just ask you, rather than telling my hypothesis for why you write it, what, what, why now for a book like this? So, you know, my generation is, and I think it may also be your generation. We're generation X, we're young, generation X, so like at the very tail end of the generation. But we are a generation that has, we are the least written about the least. You know, people don't, aren't really interested in us, but we are this generation that really does, it really does just sort of, we have this moment where we have children and parents and we're taking care of children and parents and, and I wanted to write about this experience of being in this sandwich generation and having, and having, I'm gonna, and having to care here it is, it's very beautiful having to care for your parents and also your children.


And, and I was glad that I got to write it. And, and you know, I also wanted to talk about sort of what it's like to have a spouse who has cancer. My husband had cancer though he is fine, but I got to write about that. And that was really clarifying. And it's funny because now you know, Joe Biden just had this terrible metastatic cancer diagnosis and I write, you know, a almost a third actually even more than a third of Americans will get diagnosed with cancer in their lifetime. That's a humongous group. And so I write a lot about how to be able, it's not a political book, but you know, in the fact that science is political and, and these things are all political, but it's, it's really about this kind of how to talk to the people around you and take care of them.


Molly Jung Fest, everybody check out the book and I appreciate you sharing, you know, this heartfelt story, how to Lose Your Mother, a daughter's memoir. It's available wherever books are sold. And thanks for taking the time to chat with us through some of the ways this Trump policies are impacting families across the country. And for everybody knows, I'm making a hard pitch for Molly to join the Midas Touch Network. So I'm just putting it out there. Thank you. Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcast, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.