
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% Off terms apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G. PT, What do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days at receipt Restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Do more with up to five times more power, more versatility and more features than any ordinary handheld trimmer. When you upgrade to a Dr. Trimmer mower from Dr. Power Equipment featuring all steel frames and adjustable handlebar oversized wheels, and the strongest trimmer cord on the market, a Dr. Trimmer lets you easily mow everywhere. A bladed mower can't. Visit dr power.com today and shop the sale.


If you are running a retail business, don't let disorganized order fulfillment caused chaos. Use ShipStation instead. From running a business out of your garage to multiple warehouses, ShipStation is ideal for every phase of your growth. Save time with one login for all your stores and by automating tasks. Plus, you'll get the best shipping rates from global carriers. Calm the chaos with the shipping software that delivers. Start a free trial at shipstation.com/audio. That's shipstation.com/audio.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantisx X, the cutting edge drive fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, and you could be next With Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself in ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


Donald Trump and MAGA Mike Johnson just got thrown under the bus and trash by none other than Elon Musk who came out strongly against the disastrous budget. Bill Elon Musk posted on x formerly Twitter. I'm sorry, but I just can't stand it anymore. This massive, outrageous pork filled congressional spending bill is a disgusting abomination. Shame on those who voted for it. You know you did wrong. You know it. So Elon Musk basically saying, shame on you, Donald Trump.


Shame on you Maga Mike Johnson. I am out. I'm out of the administration and I am wagging my finger and I am making it public that I am here to tank this disastrous budget. Bill Elon Musk continues and he posts it will massively increase the already gigantic budget deficit to $2.5 trillion and burden American citizens with crushingly unsustainable debt To which magar Republican Magar Republican Congress member Thomas Massey posted he's right. And then Elon Musk responded. It is simple math.


Elon Musk then posts Congress is making America bankrupt. Then Marjorie Taylor Green makes a post saying, she just uncovered a provision in the budget deal that makes her future vote a no unless it gets removed. She writes, full transparency. I did not know about this section on pages 2 78 to 2 79 of the budget bill that strips states of the right to make laws or regulate AI for 10 years. I am adamantly opposed to this and it is a violation of state rights and I would've voted no if I had known this was in there.


We have no idea what AI will be capable of in the next 10 years and giving it free reign and tying states' hands is potentially dangerous. This needs to be stripped out in the Senate when the bill comes back to the house for approval after Senate changes. I will not vote for it with this in it. Our editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski goes, apparently Marge didn't read the bill before she voted on it. We read the bill here on the Midas touch there. We called out that provision among many others. Senator Bernie Sanders goes, Musk is right. This bill is a disgusting abomination.


We shouldn't give $664 billion in tax breaks to the 1%. We shouldn't throw 13.7 million people off of Medicaid. We shouldn't cut $290 billion from programs to feed the hungry. Let's defeat this disgusting abomination. Our editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski writes all the radical left Marxists like Rand Paul, Ron Johnson and Elon Musk now opposed Trump and Mike Johnson's budget. Bill, let me take you inside the Capitol building where MAGA Mike Johnson was asked to respond about Elon Musk saying this whole entire bill needs to go into the garbage.


A very defensive maga Mike Johnson here play this clip. Mr. What do you think that Elon Musk just called the bill? Disgusting Ation. Yeah. Let me, let me say this. It's, it's very disappointing. Okay. I've, I've come to consider Elon a good friend. He's obviously a very intelligent person and he is done a lot of great work. We've applauded all the work they've done with Doge and identifying fraud, waste and abuse in the government. It's a very important service. It's been performed and we're so excited about it. We're now in the process of codifying them. As you all know, the, the administration has qualified and quantified the fraud waste and abuse that they found in Doge. They're sending it to us to codify and that's what we'll be doing with the Rescissions package and the appropriations process.


And so that's something we're very excited about. But with all due respect, my friend Elon is terribly wrong about the one big beautiful Bill. We had a long conversation yesterday. He and I spoke for I think more than 20 minutes on the telephone and I stole all the virtues in the bill. He seemed to understand that we, we had a very friendly conversation about it. And I told him that we're achieving not only all of our priorities, all the promises we made on the campaign trail, all the America first agenda wrapped into this legislation. We're also achieving the top line on this is two very important things. We're making permanent a massive textbook, and we are making a massive reduction in spending $1.6 trillion is the calculation.


I I've said this many times, I'll be saying it until we get this thing over the line. This is the most amount of money that any government has ever saved on planet Earth in a piece of legislature ever. She said it's a very important first start. Elon is missing it. Okay. And it's, it's, it's not personal. I, I know that the, the EV mandate very important to him. That is going away because the government should not be subsidizing these things as part of the Green New Deal. And I, I know that has an effect on his business. And I admit that we, we talked about the ramp down period on that and, and how that should be duly considered by Congress. But for him to come out and hand the whole bill is, is is to me just very disappointing. Very surprising in light of the conversation I had with him yesterday. Do you think that's, Let's stay in the Capitol building for a moment and let's take a look at what the magar Republican senate majority leader John Thune has to say about it.


A reporter asks majority leader Thune in the Senate. Senator, you said that you were worried about Democrats criticizing this budget bill, but we are hearing Republicans criticizing it. And now Elon Musk is your biggest enemy and opponent. What do you have to say about that? Play the clip. You criticize the Democrats saying they're going to fight against this with everything they've got. That doesn't seem to be your problem. Elon Musk seems to be your problem. Absolutely. Torching this bill here saying, everybody who voted for that should be ashamed. Well, look, we, we obviously respect everything that Elon did with Doge on this particular issue. We have a difference of opinion, and I think it's rooted in the fact that he's accepting the CBO assumptions that are built upon a static scoring assessment of the effect, the macroeconomic effect, growth effect that these changes will have on our economy.


And all the modeling that we've seen suggests that the changes that are being made in the tax policy, particularly making permanent bonus depreciation, interest deductibility r and d expensing, are gonna lead to significant growth. And you couple the growth with the biggest spending reduction in American history and you will see a reduction, not an increase in the deficit. So we have a difference of opinion. He's entitled to that opinion. He we're gonna pro proceed full speed up. Now here's what they were reporting on Fox about what we down, they showed MAGA Mike Johnson and then they commented on it. Here's what they were just showing on Fox moments ago. Let's play it. Yeah, Let me, let me say this.


It's, it's very disappointing. Okay. I've, I've come to consider Elon a good friend. He's obviously a very intelligent person and he is done a lot of great work with all due respect, my friend Elon is terribly wrong about the one big beautiful bill. So what did Elon say about it? He said, I'm sorry, but I just can't stand it anymore. This massive outrageous pork field. Congressional spending bill is disgusting. Abomination shame on those who voted for it. You know, you did wrong. You know it. Tell us how you really feel. Leaves the west and then pulls the pin on the grenade. Yeah, there you go. Brutal.


The weather is heating up and your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. If you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend that you check out. Miracle Made Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long. Now, using those silver infused fabrics inspired by NASA Miracle made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather. So you get better sleep every night. These sheets are infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% of bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. No more gross odors. Miracle made sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands. And feel as nice, if not nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. Stop sleeping on bacteria. Bacteria can clog your pores causing breakouts and acne sleep clean with miracle. Upgrade your sleep as the weather heats up. Go to try miracle.com/midas to try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save over 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get free three piece towel set and save An extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund Upgrade your Sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three piece towel set and save over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle made for sponsoring this episode.


Now, the Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer, minority Leader Schumer. He gave a press conference where he says, I agree with Elon Musk. Republicans should listen to him here, play this clip. I agree with Elon Musk. Within an hour, within the hour, he put on x the following, I have it right here so you can all see it. He said, I'm sorry, but I just can't stand it anymore. This massive, outrageous pork filled congressional spending bill is a disgusting abomination. Shame on those who voted for it.


You did wrong. He said to them, you know, it, it will massively increase the already gigantic budget deficit to 2.5 trillion and burden American citizens with crushingly unsustainable debt. It's right here. He's right. And here's Schumer again, also trying to pit the kind of gas and oil industry against electric vehicle industry like Elon Musk play this clip. And for big oil, big oil hates clean energy, fossil fuel industry hates clean energy 'cause they know it's the future and they know it's cheaper, at least in terms of solar panels cheaper and quicker.


So they want to kill it. But everyone knows America needs clean energy in order to meet demands moving forward. Nothing's cheap and quick to build as clean energy. We need 10 times as much electricity to continuing powering breakthroughs in AI and stay ahead of China. Well, what are you gonna do now, Fox, because you've been doing your ridiculous propaganda glazing of Elon Musk, like Jesse Waters from the other night, says, young men idolize musk. They want to be him. They want to be based here. Play this clip. So You're saying how much you need men, young men idolize Elon Musk.


They want to be him, they want to be based, they wanna ride around in his trucks and they wanna hang with big balls. And now every time you attack Elon Musk, you're attacking all of the young men that you need for your Party. Now, we saw Elon Musk also going in this direction. He gave that interview on CBS where he said that I'm st He felt stuck in a bind, he said, where he doesn't agree with a lot of the things that the Trump regime is doing, but he's being tied to them. This is what he said a few days back before coming out with that statement that he made today play this clip. And you know, it's, it's not like I agree with everything the administration does.


So it's like there's, I mean, I agree with much of what the administration does, but we have differences of opinion. You know, i I, the things that I, I don't entirely agree with, but I I, it's difficult for me to bring that up in an interview because then it creates a bone of contention. So then I'm, I'm, I'm a little stuck in a bind where I'm like, well, I don't want to, you don't speak up against the administration, but I don't wanna, I also don't wanna take responsibility for everything the administration's doing. Now, Peter Ducey asked the press Secretary Propagandist from the White House, Caroline Levitt, how mad do you think Donald Trump is gonna be right now that Elon Musk has called this budget Bill an abomination here, play this clip.


Ms. Cross. Caroline, how mad do you think President Trump is gonna be when he finds out that Elon Musk said, I'm sorry, but I just can't stand it anymore. This massive, outrageous court filled congressional spending bill is a disgusting abomination. Shame on those who voted for it. You know, you did wrong. You know it. Look, the president already knows where Elon Musk stood on this bill. It doesn't change the President's opinion. This is one big beautiful bill and he's sticking to it. Thank You. And so finally, here's some of the criticism we're seeing from Republican senators like Rand Paul. Here's what he has to say. Let's play it. In fact, This will be the first time conservative Republicans have actually voted for a debt ceiling. And it'll be the largest increase in our debt ceiling in our history.


And I think it's a mistake because once conservative Republicans vote for this, there is no conservative opposition. There is no, they will own it. The the debt will be owned by the Republicans. It's no more pointing fingers at the Democrats and saying, oh, they're the big spenders. It'll be all on Republicans shoulders. And I'm not going to be one of the Republicans who's going to be responsible for this debt. I'm gonna continue to be a avoid saying we need to cut spending. Well, there you have it, folks. Some incredible developments. Tell me what you all think at home in the comments below. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Can't get enough Midas, check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.