
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker. It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or define the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to warby parker.com. That's warby parker.com.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interest and stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New Customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets If you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Concerned about even potential market manipulation. Is that something that you're concerned about or looking at? We Do Police, wall Street and all that I can say is that we've been looking at a lot of this conduct at this point in time to determine whether or not it's actionable. I'm joined by New York Attorney General Letitia. James, I gotta ask you, what is your grade for Donald Trump's first 100 days in office? Oh, Ben, that's not fair. Come on. Listen, it's, well, I have to give him an A for coming in and renovating Penn Station.


That, that's, that, that's, that's a good thing. And so I wish he would do more of that. And then he and I would be of, you know, on common ground. So yeah, more, Don't think more renovating, less violating due process. Definitely, definitely. Now, I'm not sure about renaming it after him, but certainly renovating it is a great idea to save money for taxpayers in the great state of New York. But at the same time, one he should understand and someone, this is a teaching moment, and so I wanna teach him about due process, which is in our constitution, the federal Constitution and the state constitution.


And it entitles individuals to hearings before, in fact, they are convicted of any crimes, including, but not limited to individuals who are about to be deported. They are entitled to a hearing before an administrative judge or a judge of due course. So it's important President Trump, that you understand and recognize that because we realize that obviously you wanna follow the law, but you have to exercise due process. Tell us about the work by the Attorney General's office over the past 100 days. A lot of lawsuits and, and, and, and a lot of great work.


We've been busy, you know, this is not the outcome that we wanted. This is, but this is the outcome that's before us. And so prior to election day, we decided to get ready. And so a number of democratic attorneys general, we analyzed Project 2025 because that is his playbook. Their playbook. We analyzed jurisdiction and venue and standing and causes of actions and claims and defenses and our constitution. And so on day one, the first EO regarding birthright citizenship, which as you know, is in the 14th Amendment.


Within 48 hours, we responded and we've responded ever since. As of right now, I have been involved in 15 lawsuits. We've led quite a few. We've also issued amicus briefs, Amici briefs, we've also issued guidance letters. We've done a number of know your rights training courses and classes. And we've responded to the fears and to the needs of New Yorkers, obviously, who are just concerned about all the chaos and confusion that they are witnessing, not only in New York, but across this state.


Part of that chaos and confusion also is, you know, New York, a vibrant immigrant community. A lot of people have temporary protected status. You know, they came here, they did it the right way, they were here lawfully. And they didn't think though, even though Trump was saying a lot of stuff during the campaign, that he was gonna go after people on TPS and he's going after lots of immigrant communities, including immigrant communities who supported him. So what, what are you doing on that front? So He's going after Haitians and Venezuelans, individuals who fled violence, individuals who were victims of political prosecution, individuals who were, who were just concerned about their own personal safety.


And so they came to this country seeking temporary protective status. And these, and now that program, he's the president of the United States, seeks to eliminate it, notwithstanding the fact that in Haiti, they are still in the midst of a civil war. And countless number of individuals, unfortunately, are being subjected to violence. There are individuals, members of the L-G-B-T-Q community, Venezuelans and Haitians who are fleeing the country because they're being, you know, persecuted. There are individuals who have come to this country, obviously fleeing violence, looking for a better opportunity and just wanna be a part of the fabric of our country and wanna contribute so much to our country.


And, but unfortunately right now, they're not going to school. They're not going to work, they're not going to our courthouses. Individuals who have witnessed crimes, individuals who are victims of domestic violence, are not going to courts court to our courts to get orders of protection because they are fearful, fearful that will, they will be deported to a country that they do not know. A country which unfortunately individuals that are in the midst of violence and disarray and there's no infrastructure whatsoever. And so it's really critically important that we put in place TPS. There are individuals who would fleeing gangs who do not wanna be a part of gangs and who need the protection of these United States because what they want to do is just contribute to the fabric of this country, contribute to the economy, work each and Every day, go to church each and Every day, want the same thing that you and I want.


And that is to live in a community where they can uphold the law and respect all of the laws of this great country and our respective state. You know, we heard last week how Trump's FBI arrested a sitting Milwaukee County circuit court judge, a state court judge inside of her courthouse as she was administering the law in her daily docket, they made a bunch of accusations against her. The very idea of running sting operations inside state courtrooms when people are showing up as part of the docket and a judge is assessing, you know, in individuals showing up, you know, and they may be migrants.


I think you mentioned there too, that, that that also has a ch one, I want to get your thoughts on it, but two, doesn't that also have a chilling effect on people then not showing up to the courthouses to begin with the first place and the exact opposite result of what Trump says he wants to happen happening anyway. Yeah, it has a chilling effect on immigrants, again, who were witnesses to violent crimes, not only here in New York, but all across this country. It's also important to understand that if in fact they had an issue with how the judge handled the matter, they should have brought it up before the, you know, the judicial committee that oversees the behavior, supervises the behavior of judges.


There's a disciplinary committee that's responsible for judges, that's where it should have been handled, as opposed to arresting a judge who was basically engaging in, you know, administering her courtroom and making sure that there was no chaos and confusion in her courtroom. It's also important to note that as the, you know, we see the facts that the ICE agents had a, an administrative warrant as opposed to a judicial warrant. And so this administrative warrant, you know, did not have the force of an arrest. It, I believe they were just there to question the individual, perhaps take him into custody at some point in time.


But there was no requirement that the judge immediately hand over that individual. And so to avoid chaos in her courtroom, you know, she allowed the individual to, to exit a side door where the ice agents were, did a affect, an arrest of the individual. But again, if they had a problem with how the judge handled it, they should have filed a complaint with the appropriate authorities as opposed to arresting a judge who has consistently and repeatedly followed the law. I often note the parallels between Donald Trump's business fraud when he was not in office, and kind of what we're seeing now in office.


I often refer to this presidency sometimes as a rug pull presidency, as a, as a Ponzi scheme, presidency, kind of mounting a lie on top of a lie until it all kind of explodes. You, you successfully prosecuted in a civil case, Donald Trump for business fraud, a verdict of about 444 million. But who's counter? You, you see Donald Trump though, doing some of the same stuff. Like I saw him, you know, holding this gold, this Trump gold card. I'm gonna make you rich. If we just sell this gold card, everyone's gonna be, everything's gonna be, I'm gonna eliminate taxes for everyone. Everyone don't, don't, you don't. You work. Let let me just show you this clip of, of this gold card thing that they wanna sell to.


I guess he said he wanted to sell to sell it to oligarchs. Just, just, just take a look. I haven't seen you in a while. 5 million for $5 million, this could be used. That was the first of the cards And that, you know what that card is? Gold card. Gold card. It's the gold card, the Trump card, gold card. Who's the first buyer? Your case was about, you know, valuations and his value, you know, making up valuations. And it just seems that the way he deals with numbers, 200 negotiations, I've done 200 deals, I've done this, I've done that, I've done that. And, and it's just not tethered to reality. You, you have, you have an intimate knowledge of that.


Yeah. We secured a $454 million judgment against Donald Trump at all. And his, based on his exaggerated overinflated assets for the purposes of securing favorable insurance and mortgage terms. And what we are witnessing in the White House is more grift and it's unfortunate. And right now, you know, federal agencies that once had jurisdiction to investigate these types of offenses, those agents agencies right now have been hollowed out.


One of the cases that we have brought is against the federal government for terminating thousands and thousands of probationary workers. You also know that this administration has often buyouts, has often offered buyouts to federal employees. So a number of these agencies are no longer following the mission of their agency. And a number of these agencies have basically been hollowed out. And it's unfortunate that the president of these United States is using the White House to basically engage in, to basically enrich himself and others. Lots of people are concerned about even potential market manipulation and whether these statements create, you know, artificial spikes and then decreases in the market.


Is that something that you're concerned about or looking at? I'm not sure what you can share or can't share, but is that something that concerns you? So, you know, obviously, you know, the office of the Attorney General has jurisdiction over the Martin Act, And we have jurisdiction over these pump and dump schemes, which happen frequently. And we do police, wall Street. And all that I can say is that we've been looking at a lot of this conduct at this point in time to determine whether or not it's actionable. You know, there's a lot of, I would say more than a lot, every, not a day goes by where Trump or someone in his administration doesn't attack you.


It's every, it's every single day. I mean, how, how do you deal with that noise and, you know, and, and, and do you just tune it out or, I'm just curious. 'cause literally it's every single day. It's every single day. Listen, I'm on, he indicated that I was on his enemies list with others. And so, you know, all of these baseless allegations that have been refuted, it's nothing more than retribution. It's nothing more than the weaponization of the federal government. And we just continue to stay focused here in the New York State office of the Attorney General focused on our mission to enforce the law. The vast majority of the time of my time here in this office is spent on consumer fraud, on landlord tenant, on tenant protecting tenants, protecting seniors, protecting children, passing legislation, protecting individuals from fraud on Wall Street, looking at monopolies and looking at scams and data breaches.


The vast majority of my time is focused, again, are enforcing the laws in the state of New York. And it's true that most recently we've had to make sure that due processes followed and the laws in our constitution and the state constitution are enforced here as a result of all of these executive orders that have been issued by this administration, which do not have the force of law executive orders, which basically violate separation of power and violate Congress's power of the purse. And also violate Article 10 of the United States constitution against anti commandeering, basically directing New York State and other states to follow suit and to be in compliance with the federal government and their wishes.


And we've been standing up saying that we are a sovereign state and we're going to enforce the law and we're going to protect marginalized and vulnerable populations. And to let individuals know that his executive orders are oftentimes illegal. They're arbitrary, they're capricious, they constitute overreach, and the, and they're seeking basically to concentrate the power of the executive in the hands of one very, very, very dangerous man. So finally, here we are 100 days and just wanna let you just deliver your message to the people of the state of New York who are watching this and, and, and Americans in, in general, who, who also just admire the fact that you're not afraid to fight and stand up for due process in the Constitution.


Yeah. So, you know, I can't be paralyzed by fear. I've got a job to do. I took an oath to the Constitution and to the rule of law. I made a commitment to New Yorkers that I would follow the law. And I do that each and Every day. And I walk into this great office of the Attorney General of the New York State Attorney General's Office, which is staffed by hundreds of attorneys who are dedicated basically to the rule of law. And all that we do is respond to executive order orders, which are unlawful, unconstitutional, which do not have the force of law. And, you know, And we would urge the president of these United States to work with Congress to ensure that, that the laws followed.


We've taken action with respect to the dismantling of the Department of Education. We've taken action with regards to tariffs. We've taken action against immigrants, we've taken action in regards to standing up for the L-G-B-T-Q community and individuals who require gender affirming care. We've taken action to protect your private information in the hands of Doge and Elon Musk, an unelected individual who has, who have had, who has had access to your sensitive and private information. We've stood up and ensured that the Office of Management and, and budget has not unfrozen funds, funds that focus on our healthcare and on childcare, on essential services, protecting our veterans, protecting the nine 11 Health Fund, protecting Head Start and the list goes on and on and on.


Protecting seniors against the closing of Social Security offices and making sure that offices are fully staffed so that they could provide the, provide and address and respond to the needs of New Yorkers and Americans. Government is not the demon government is there to serve the public. And it's really critically important that unfortunately this administration, the federal administration as turned government on its head and made it an enemy of the state. It is not, I entered into public service because I recognize the powers of government And that government should be there and if, and it and it is and has always been a force for good and for those reasons, I am defending the United States government, defending them against these illegal and unlawful acts by this president, New York Attorney General Letitia James.


We're 100 days into the Trump administration. We appreciate you fighting back for the people. Thank you. And congratulations on your, you've got the Listen the Webby Award. Absolutely amazing Podcaster of the year. Go Ben. Yay There. There you have it. New York Attorney General Letitia James, we appreciate you everybody. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas, check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcast, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas plus.com.