
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT Mobile unlimited premium wireless. How to get 30 30 bid? Get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020. Maybe get 15 15, 15 15, just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront for three months plus taxes and fees promoting for new customers for limited time. Unlimited more than 40 gigabytes per month. Slows full terms@mintmobile.com.


So once again, we here at the Midas Touch Network are going to have to report on details that the corporate media refuses to do. They want to talk about how the Republican National Convention is all about unity and bringing down the temperature. It absolutely isn't. They are passing out signs that say mass deportation. Now they are breaking out in chance that say, send them home, the other chance that they are breaking out in his fight, fight, fight. The theme of this is fighting. It is violence. And the people who Donald Trump has speaking before he gives his speech are supposed to be emblematic of that, of fighting.


So you may know by now that Hulk Hogan, the WWE former wrestler, he's going to be speaking at the Republican National Convention. Notably, no, Paul Ryan, no George W. Bush, no, Liz Cheney, no Mike Pence. But you have Hulk Hogan given a primetime spot. And then you also have Dana White who owns the Ultimate Fighting Championship. It's all about the theme of fighting. Well, we here at the Midas Touch Network have uncovered audio of the Speaker of Hulk Hogan, who'll be speaking before Donald Trump, who has a primetime spot. Take a look at what Hulk Hogan once said. Now, I want to give you a trigger warning. He says, some hateful and racist things.


This is the individual who is now representative of the Republican Party here play this clip. So get to the point where I, I'm not a double standard. I I'm racist to a point. Yeah, you, we are that way. Can't, can't.


And so you know what he said, Hulk Hogan said, I don't know if Brooke referring to his daughter was effing the black guy's son. I mean, I don't have double standards. I mean, I am a racist to a point, effing n word. But then when it comes to nice people and s word and whatever, I mean, I'd rather she was going to F word some N word. I'd rather have her marry an eight foot tall N word worth a hundred million dollars like a basketball player. I guess we're a little racist, effing. And then he says the N word again, he's on audio tape saying those things.


Then you have the UFC President, Dana White, by the way, someone who's a notorious union buster. And a big part of why the athletes in his dangerous sport don't have healthcare pensions or disability benefits. Fighters also only get paid 15% of league revenues. He or he is, and again, another trigger warning here, here was a video of Dana White, and again, trigger warning, you'll see domestic violence here, but watch this. And so as that's taking place, and as one of the main theme is mass deportations now and send them back, corporate media was actually doing their jobs.


They would have been reporting on what we've been talking about here on the Midas Touch Network. One of the things that Donald Trump says that he wants to do when he is in office, and he says that he wants, he said he proposed this, that he went to Dana White and he wanted to propose a fighting league where the UFC fighters would get to attack the migrants who are rounded up. And he would have a fight league for the migrants who were as, who were taken as part of these roundups. Here, play this clip. Tough. I is so tough. Dana White. Did anyone ever hear of Dana White? He's a legend, right? UFC, ultimate Fighter, ultimate fighting.


And he has, he's a fantastic man. I said, Dana, I have an idea. Why don't you set up a migrant league of fighters and have your regular league of fighters, and then you have the champion of your league. These are the greatest fighters in the world. Fight the champion of the migrants. I think the migrant guy might win. That's how tough they are. He didn't like that idea too much, but actually not the worst idea I've ever had. And just so you know, I'm not cherry picking one speech. I'll show you him. Say the thing in another speech. He says the same exact thing. One of the things that the leader of the Republican party is proposing is to have a fight club where professional UFC fighters attack immigrants.


Play the clip. I told Dana White of UFC, I said, here's what we're gonna do. You know, these are tough cookies coming into our country. He's coming with prisons and mental institutions. I said to Dana White, UFC, he's got a big fight going on right now. He's a good friend of mine. You know what he said the other day? They said, who's the toughest person you've ever met? He said, definitely Donald Trump. He said, Donald Trump, how about that? But I said, Dana, Dana, I have an idea for you to make a lot of money. You're gonna go and start a new migrant fight league migrants, only migrants, and then at the end of the year, the champion migrant is gonna fight your champion.


And I hate to tell you, Dana, I think the migrant might win. That's how tough they are. Then of course, there's the language that Donald Trump uses and saying that immigrants are poisoning the blood of America, which is a very similar to a line that ado Hitler talked about, poisoning the blood here, play this clip Country. When they do that, we got a lot of work to do. They're poisoning the blood of our country. That's what they've done. They poisoned mental institutions and prisons all over the world, not just in South America, not just the three or four countries that we think about, but all over the world. They're coming into our country, from Africa, from Asia, all over the world.


They're pouring into our country. Nobody's even looking at 'em. They just come in. The crime is gonna be tremendous. The terrorism is gonna be, terrorism is going to be. And then we built a tremendous piece of the wall. And then we


Lumen is the world's firsthand held metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. And on the app, it lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives you tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and even stress management. That's why I love it. All you have to do is you breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning and you'll know what's going on in your metabolism, whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs. Then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for that day based on your measurements. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals so you know exactly what's going on in your body in real time. And Lumen will give you tips to keep you on top of your health game. Your metabolism is your body's engine. It's how your body turns the food you eat into fuel that keeps you going because your metabolism is at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to a bunch of benefits I includes, including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, better sleep, et cetera. Lumen gives you recommendations to improve your metabolic health. It can also track your cycle as well as the onset of menopause, and adjust your recommendations to keep your metabolism healthy through hormonal shifts so you can keep up your energy and stave off cravings. Look, I love Lumen and I know you will too. So if you want to take the next step in improving your health, go to Lumen LUE n.me/midas to get 15% off your Lumen. That is L-U-M-E-N me slash Midas for 15% off your purchase. One more time, go to lumen.me/midas, LUME n.me/midas and get 15% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


While that is going on as well, you have ar free AR fifteens being given out with various raffles. So when you go to the RNC, you can win a free AR 15. It's one of the first things that you see when you arrive. There should also be noted, an interesting connection with Hulk Hogan, that the PayPal co-founder Peter Thiel, bankrolled Hulk Hogan's lawsuit defamation case against Gawker, which resulted in Gawker becoming bankrupt. Now, Peter Thiel is the individual who worked with JD Vance, and a lot of these speakers have also worked with Peter Thiel before.


But JD Vance worked with Peter Thiel when people talk about JD Vance's background. Before JD Vance went to Ohio and created a sham charity where he basically, where JD Vance lied and claimed that he was providing money to people suffering as part of the opioid crisis. But in reality, he was funding his own political ambitions and actually funding a researcher who worked with Purdue Pharma, which made Oxycontin before that JD Vance made his money working for Peter Thiel as a venture capitalist in San Francisco after he graduated from law school. Should also be noted, one of the things that we're seeing at the Republican National Convention, when you talk about hypocrisy and the Republican Party, the Grinder app has had so many outages because of how frequently it's being used right now in Milwaukee, also former Republican Congress member George Santos, who met his husband on Grindr, is calling this RNC convention, the Grindr Super Bowl, and urges gay Republicans in attendance to come out of the closet.


And By the way JD Vance previously said that he would oppose any sort of marriage equality act. Here play this clip. Outgoing Senator Rob Portman is co-sponsoring the Marriage Equality Act that will codify same-sex marriage. Are you ready to support that bill? Why or why not? Mr. Vance, we start with you. Yeah. So I've come out against this bill, and I don't think it's actually about gay marriage. It's not about same-sex marriage or same sex equality. Look, gay marriage is the law of the land in this country, and I'm not trying to do anything to change that. But if you look at the specific bill that's being proposed, it wouldn't just codify something that's already enacted in law. It would actually make it easier for both the government and a lot of private parties to sue religious organizations if those religious organizations don't comply with the dictates of the federal government.


I'm a, I'm a devout Christian, and I think it's important to protect religious liberty in this country. We remember about 10 years ago when the, when the Obama administration, I'm sure supported by Tim Ryan, went after a group of Catholic nuns because that Catholic nunnery wanted to run its organization the way that that confirmed with its religious beliefs that should be okay in this country. And the problem with this legislation is it's gonna unleash a wave of litigation against our churches, our religious organizations, our mosques, our synagogues, everything. That's why I don't think it's a great idea. Thank you, Mr. Vance. Congressman Ryan, same Question. Yeah, I voted for that in the House of Representatives. I will support codifying that into the Senate, but only, only JD Vance can say that, that the bill that codifies same sex marriage is not about same sex marriage only jd, you're gonna, you're the only one JD Vick can, can actually say that.


It's unbelievable. The problem we, So the theme of this Republican national convention is fight, fight, fight. Donald Trump is inviting on stage Hulk Hogan, who said those types of things before, and then he's inviting Dana White to give him the introduction. Let's just call this out for what it is and what's happening. And then while all of this is happening, Donald Trump is posting, of course, saying the January 6th is a hoax. He's attacking. Trump is attacking a woman who he was found liable of sexually assaulting and saying he doesn't know her and saying, you know, horrible things about her in posts spreading lies.


Also about the January 6th insurrection. And then Donald Trump, of course we've reported this before, but it's worth reporting on again, is selling assassinate limited assassination edition shoes and sneakers. There's 5,000 pairs available. He's selling them for $299 each. And you won't hear the corporate media talk about that either, that he's using this to make money by selling assassination edition sneakers that he is selling to grift off of this. I mean, this is some truly unhinged and deranged stuff. Just to show you as well here is if you wanna talk about the types of themes and things that are saying he, here's JD Vance also in his speech saying that one of the great things about his family tells a story about all of the guns that were lying around his, his home growing up here, play this Clip.


Now, my maal died shortly before I left for Iraq in 2005. And when we went through things, we found 19 loaded handguns. They were, now, the thing is they, they were stashed all over her house, under her bed, in her closet, in the silverware drawer. And we wondered what was going on. And it occurred to us that towards the end of her life, mammal couldn't get around so well.


And so this frail old woman made sure that no matter where she was, she was within arm's length of whatever she needed to protect her family. That's who we fight for. That's American spirit. So let's just report honestly about what's going on. There's nothing normal about what's taking place here. There's nothing normal that you have the Trump cult wearing the putting paper over their ears to look like they have white bandages and solidarity. Trump. This is strange as culty, as weird and dangerous as as it gets.


And this is not the America that I want to live in. I mean, you tell me what you think this is. This is dangerous, not normal culty stuff. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.