
This is serious. And you know, I, I get it. They want to take us. I get it. I'm not naive. I get the, the California Derangement Syndrome. I've been living with that for years and years. New scum, you know, in the same seventh grade. I remember the guy on Baltimore Avenue that called me New Scum. I was in seventh grade. I can handle that. We'll leave that aside. I understand what they're trying to do. I wanna work with them. It's not about me, it's about people that we both represent. He represents, and I represent, and I'm honored and proud to represent these folks. And that's California Governor Gavin Newsom. Continuing to hit back hard at Donald Trump's just immature, just despicable behavior where Trump keeps calling California Governor Gavin Newsom, new scum, governor Newsom's.


Like you want to call me names? You can call me names. That's what seventh grade petulant bullies do. No offense to them, by the way, because they don't even behave as badly as Trump. But let's get the facts and truth out and let's give our first responders the resources they need. And let's help people in Los Angeles who have been devastated. Let's make sure they're our first priority. But the MAGA Republicans are gonna consistently spread disinformation. Here's another example of this. So Ted Cruz responded to this other video that California Governor Gavin Newsom put out by saying the following, this is from Ted Cruz's account Misguided California policies.


One, limited fire mitigation efforts. That's false. Two produced water shortages that's false. And three underfunded firefighters. False, false, false, false. But it is a barrage of falsehoods that these MAGA Republicans spread. And then Ted Cruz goes, now dem politicians are making it harder for those devastated by the wildfires to sell their destroyed properties. This will only hurt the victims. And in this video, I'm gonna play it for you. What Governor Newsom was talking about was stopping land developers who are exploiting people, who are victims from selling their properties at completely unfair amounts by exploiting the tragedy.


Governor Newsom said, the following openly, shilling for scammers and bottom feeder land speculators is a weird play even for you, Ted. Our executive order doesn't prevent anyone from selling their property. It prohibits scammers from making unsolicited offers to buy property for pennies on the dollar. This is the video that Gavin Newsom put out that Ted Cruz attacked here, play this clip. I'm Here in Altadena. I just signed an executive order with community leaders to deal with the issue that is becoming a bigger and bigger issue every day. And that's land developers that are engaging in predatory efforts to make unsolicited offers for properties at significantly below market value.


And this predatory behavior is disgusting in the best of times. And of course, here in the midst of this tragedy at scale, it's disgraceful. So we're gonna hold those folks accountable. I'm very grateful for the leadership here in the community that promoted this approach. And this executive orders a reflection of their direction and their commitment to preserving the unique character of this community for generations to come. And you see, I mean, look, California Governor Gavin Newsom, I mean, he's made for this moment. He's quick on his feet, smart, articulate, good looking, knows how to use media, but even he's having trouble with the whack-a-mole of all of the lies.


I mean, it's so much easier to spread a thousand lies than do what California Governor Newsom's trying to do, which is unite the community, provide necessary resources, govern and manage in the middle of a crisis, while all of these magnas are behaving like internet trolls, including Donald Trump was saying, Newcomb, did this NewCom lit release the water you're holding the water hostage just falsehoods after falsehoods. But I actually do think California Governor Newsom is pushing back on this. I have noticed the tides kind of shifting with the first few days where there were all of those lies out there and people were buying into the lies. And now it's just, it's come down a little bit, but it's because Governor Newsom's been pushing back here.


Governor Newsom addresses the fact that the MAGA Republicans want to condition aid to Los Angeles and California on other Trump priorities. Like Trump wants to remove the debt ceiling so he can further his tax cuts for the billionaires and maga Mike Johnson and these other MAGA Republicans are saying, we're not going to give aid to Los Angeles unless you agree to get rid of the debt ceiling. Take a look at how California Governor Gavin Newsom addresses that play. This clip, speaker Mike Johnson suggested additional aid might have to come from with certain conditions. Senate majority whipped, John Barrasso said he expects funding to have strings attached.


Senator Tuberville even said, California doesn't deserve anything saying quote, unless they show us they're going to make some changes. You have been here on the ground in communities for the last week. What is your reaction to the response from leaders in Washington? Well, I I, if that's leadership, I have a different definition. I imagine it would be universally felt here. It's, I'm not meeting Democrats, I'm not meeting Republicans, I'm not meeting Californians, I'm meeting American citizens desperate in need. And what they need is empathy, care, compassion, understanding. They need support, not rhetoric, not strings attached. I mean, I, I met families who lost not only their home, but their business and their church, their sense of self place, community.


They had a Zoom the other night and everyone broke down crying because all they wanted to do was see the faces of one another. And yet, that's the face of leadership in the state, the United States of America, conditioning aid to the American people in need, politicizing this tragic moment. So I, I'll spare any more com commentary on it. Just set to say, I would encourage these people, they're human beings, their parents, I respect that. Come out here, visit, visit with these folks, and let's have a conversation after that.


The start of the new year is the perfect time to get organized, set goals and focused on what matters most. For me, the top priority is my financial wellness because let's face it, every dollar counts. That's why I love Rocket Money. They made it so easy to track all my subscriptions, cancel the ones I forgot about, and even lower my bills. With Rocket Money, my financial goals feel achievable. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. You can see all your subscriptions in one place and know exactly where your money is going for the ones you don't want anymore. Rocket Money can help you cancel them. No long hold times or confusing websites. Their dashboard gives you a clear view of your expenses across all your accounts, and you can even set a personalized budget with custom categories to keep your spending on track. Rocket Money will alert you if your bills increase, if there's unusual spending, or if you're close to going over budget. And with their new goals feature, they will automatically save money for you. Whether you are paying off debt, saving for a house, or just building your emergency fund. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in cancel subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the app's premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash midas touch today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash midas. Touch Rocket Money dot com slash midas touch.


The thing also that's going on is not, it's not just Trump, it's not just magar Republican politicians like Ted Cruz. And it's not just MAGA Republican propagandist media like Fox. It's also these accounts that masquerade as being accounts about sports finance, the environment history. But they're actually, in my opinion, stealth MAGA accounts who just prop up Donald Trump. So this account Wall Street Apes, which gives a lot of financial advice and posts a lot about the market, but when these crises strike, there's a lot of accounts like this that then spread a bunch of lies.


So this, and they have lots of followers who think they're getting like finance news and they don't realize they're getting red pilled. So here's what this Wall Street Apes account says. California Governor Newsom officially set the stage for developers to come and buy up the devastated land in the Los Angeles Pacific. Palisades Fire Newsom says it on camera, on national tv, another conspiracy proven true, the fires were not an accident. And then Gavin Newsom responds, this is absolutely false. I signed an executive order to protect residents from predatory land speculators and developers. So this is why I say it's so much easier to spread a thousand lies than to try to debunk them in the middle of a crisis because the lies aren't even consistent.


You know, on the one hand you have Ted Cruz saying you're screwing the people of Los Angeles over by not letting the predatory land developers buy the property for pennies on the dollar and newsom's like you are defending the predatory land speculators. And then on the other hand, you have another set of lies saying Newsom is purposefully helping the land speculators scoop up the land at discount prices. Totally inconsistent, but for the liars, it doesn't matter because they just want to hit as many people with the lies to piss you off. And then you get this on an app where there's no real significant like editorial judgment and people just ultimately, you know, end up getting pissed.


Let me just show you a few of the things that Gavin Newsom is talking about as well. So this is Newsom responding to a question about Trump and misinformation. This is how he answers it. Play the clip More interested from you and, and how damaging it is when you have somebody with that type of a platform. Yeah. Who is next week going to be? The president of the United States is injecting inaccurate information about a, the worst wildfires in, in American history. Let me answer that by, thank you. President of the United States. Joe Biden, who within 36 hours supported a major disaster declaration by text within a few minutes later committed a hundred.


He could have just committed 75%, 90, he said a hundred percent of all the costs for disaster recovery that took the time to meet with first responders was here on the ground. I wanna thank President Joe Biden. And then I wanna offer that as an example to the incoming president of presidential leadership, a president of the United States of America being here for the American citizen. He didn't ask me, is this a conservative part of California Altadena, did they vote for me? What? You know, he didn't ask for his staff to look at the last elect, you know, election and see how many were for Kamala or how many were for Donald Trump.


He said, wow, you got it. We have their backs expressed empathy. I, I have firefighters that went up to him and they were like tears in his eyes after meeting Joe Biden who was consoling them. I think that's an example for the incoming president. And this is Gavin Newsom saying, look, Donald, rather than call me new scum and spread lies, why don't you come here to California and why don't you meet with the communities impacted here, play this clip. I Don't want 'em just to see the damage. I wanted to meet with the community and I also want him to understand the magnitude o of what just has occurred in the United States of America. I wanted to meet with the first responders, the the 15 plus hundred that were on the line heroically in those first hours of this firefight.


And hear specifically from them what actually occurred and how heroic they were, how heroic police sheriff officers were, and the folks that were on the ground, how heroic their actions were and how they save lives and how they should be celebrated, not attacked. Well, there You have it folks, let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to $4 million. But he's doing a masterclass and how you have to whack-a-mole, the disinformation. But you see how challenging it could be, especially in the middle of the crisis when the Disin info is just coming from all sides from the MAGA Republicans. That is, thanks for watching. Hit subscribe, love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.