
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it, and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms apply.


Imagine this the best pasta sauce you have ever tasted. Sits abandoned on a plate, wasted sauce. That is a tragedy. If only you had used Barilla Al Brazo pasta, it's bronze cut texture. Hold your sauce and scoops up every last drop. The Italians call that scarpetta capture sauce the Italian way. Barilla al brazo. Click or tap the banner to find out more.


With EA Sports College football 26, you can rise from high school, recruit to Heisman Legend, or submit your legacy as a coach by leading your program to Glory. Pre-order the deluxe edition of the game today as part of the MVP bundle at go.ea.com/mvp-bundle to start playing three days early and more EA sports College football. 26 is rated E for everyone. Includes in-game purchases, including random items.


Hi, welcome to ikea. Ah, this is my college campus, correct, but I see your own ikea.com ordering some college items. My Daughter's room is pretty bare. We need a lamp, some comfy pillows, her favorite stuffy Dad With pickup options. We've got what you need to conveniently order Ikea, literally anywhere. Sweet. More time for Gaming and studying. Wait, where are you going now? Gotta Show the ultimate crispy team how easy it is to order from ikea. Get Ikea whenever. Wherever, however you want. Choose from thousands of pickup locations, affordable delivery options, and more.


I'm William Gouge, a URI Collaborate and professional Ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing. I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the comfiest jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to uri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


The president of the University of Virginia abruptly resigned, was forced out by the Trump DOJ, the Trump DOJ, the same way they've been attacking Harvard. They've been attacking the University of Virginia, but unlike Harvard, which is a private university in a democratic state that has the ability and means to protect itself and the endowment to protect itself from the attacks by the Trump regime. The University of Virginia is currently in a state that's controlled by a MAGA Republican governor. And so the Trump regime attacked the University of Virginia for promoting diversity, for allowing people to read the books that they wanna read.


You know, it was the same type of attack on Harvard where the Trump regime wanted to determine what the curriculum is for students at University of Virginia to audit the political views of people. And the president, Jim Ryan wouldn't allow Trump to do that and pushed back. And so the Trump regime said, okay, we're gonna work with the governor of Virginia who's a MAGA Republican, and we're gonna basically destroy the university and shut it down. So the president of the University of Virginia, Jim Ryan, was faced with either resigning and saving the university or not resigning in the Trump regime, destroying the University of Virginia with the complicity of the Magar Republican Virginia governor.


So as Larry Sabato, great attorney says, president Jim Ryan's resignation letter to the University of Virginia community. Here it is. Note that he didn't stay in fight because the Trump administration would've cut the University of Virginia's federal funding drastically, would've cut hundreds of jobs, financial aid for students, and the visas for international students. Matt Bennett explains, I went to the University of Virginia law with Jim Ryan, and I have admired him for 35 years. There was no better college president in America. This is absolute bullshit.


Patty Daves wrote So disappointing. Jim Ryan is a great person and a fabulous president, university of Virginia. President resigns under pressure from Trump administration. The Justice Department demanded that James Ryan stepped down to help resolve a civil rights investigation into the school. And the civil rights investigation is that you need to discriminate against black and brown people against diverse viewpoints by promoting diversity in the University of Virginia. You are racist, says the Trump regime. Let's take a look at Jim Ryan's letter right here to the University of Commu, to the university community.


I'm writing with a very heavy heart to let you know that I have submitted my resignation as president of the University of Virginia. To make a long story short, I am inclined to fight for what I believe in and I believe deeply in this university. But I cannot make a unilateral decision to fight the federal government in order to save my own job. To do so would not only be, but would also appear selfish and self-centered to the hundreds of employees who would lose their jobs, the researchers who would lose their funding, and the hundreds of students who could lose financial aid or have their visas withheld. This is especially true because I have decided that next year would be my last year for reasons entirely separate from this episode, including the fact that we concluded our capital campaign and have implemented nearly all of the major initiatives in our strategic plan.


While there are very important principles at play here, I would at a very practical level, be fighting to keep my job for one more year while knowingly and willingly sacrificing others in this community. If this were not so distinctly tied to me personally, I may have pursued a different path, but I cannot in good conscience cause real and direct harm to my colleagues and our students in order to preserve my own position. It has been my honor to be your president. Thanks for the outpouring of support over the last few days and weeks. My deepest gratitude to all the faculty, staff, students, and alumni who make this university and this community both great and good.


This was excruciatingly difficult of a decision, and I am heartbroken to be leaving this way. Best, Jim, Jim Ryan, president Now Abigail Span Berger, the Democratic candidate for governor in Virginia wrote the following, the resignation of President Jim Ryan is a loss for the University of Virginia and the commonwealth that the president of a top ranked thriving public university would be pressured to resign by the Department of Justice in order to avoid further harm and harassment from the Trump administration as a clear infringement upon academic freedom and should concern every Virginian and American. As an alumna of the University of Virginia, I'm deeply saddened to see our governor, his administration and so many members of the Board of Visitors remain silent in the face of these attacks on the integrity and independence of the University of Virginia.


As governor, I will take decisive steps to ensure that all our commonwealth's board of visitors are composed of individuals committed to the mission of serving and strengthening our public colleges and universities. I will work to restore a standard of leadership that puts academic excellence of Virginia students and the strength of Virginia's public colleges and universities ahead of any public, ahead of any political agenda. I also wanted to talk about, it's universities that are under attack. It's nonprofits that are under attack and you know, a lot of this stuff is getting swept under the rug with all of Donald Trump's distractions out there that he throws at us every single day.


I mean, just think, what was it? In the past two or three weeks, Congress held a hearing called public funds, private agendas, NGOs gone wild. And this is, we're exposing how radical Democrats are using government funds and this and that. And this was really an attack on nonprofits in general as well. And if you think about the importance of nonprofits, think about hospitals or non, a lot of hospitals are nonprofits and the Trump regime wants to go after nonprofits, try to revoke nonprofit status, go after the leaders of nonprofits because it is an authoritarian regime that's trying to seize control and seize power and make people suffer.


The Trump regime hates Americans. They want Americans to die. They wanna kill people. That's why they put out a murder bill. The more people who suffer the more Trump can try to take advantage of the chaos for his dictatorship. That's my opinion and I'm sticking to it. I wanna bring in Diane Yentel. She is the president and CEO of the National Council of Nonprofits, and she recently testified before Congress Nonprofits step in to fill gaps, not met by government or other entities alone. Simply put the work of charitable nonprofits improves lives and strengthens communities and the country.


Nonprofits represent the best of America, neighbors helping neighbors across the country. Nonprofits are having federal funding slashed or eliminated due to arbitrary cuts of congressionally approved spending. And through reckless and unlawful federal funding freezes by the Trump administration, these actions are causing real harm. Food banks across the country already struggling with high levels of need, are serving fewer meals due to spending cuts. Nonprofit health clinics have closed, leaving neighbors without access to potentially life-saving care. Nonprofits focused on preventing violence and crime, have seen their budgets disappear, putting a stop to critical work after school programs have been canceled and school lunch programs are squeezed.


The administration's target. Let's bring in Diane Yentel, president and CEO of the National Council of Nonprofits. What, what you listed there at that hearing. Those aren't democratic things or Republican things or independent things or red state things, or blue state things, or purple state. Things like these are programs in our communities that enrich help develop, save people's lives. And they're being gutted. They're under attack. A lot of them have been destroyed already. Talk to us about that. That's exactly right. And thank you so much for having me.


Nonprofit organizations, as you say, and as I said in my testimony, do essential really often life saving work in communities throughout the country, whether they're red states or blue states. And in urban, rural and suburban communities alike and nonprofits fill essential gaps that government and private entities on their own can't. And whether we realize it or not, virtually all of us are touched by nonprofit organizations during our lives. So whether we're visiting a nonprofit hospital or an afterschool program, we're going to a community college, whether through arts and culture in our community or through social services, right?


We're all touched by and by nonprofits and then harmed by efforts to dismantle or un fund nonprofit organizations. And since the beginning of this administration, we really have seen relentless and unprecedented attack on nonprofit organizations. And even more importantly, on the people and on the communities that we serve. We we've seen just wildly inaccurate statements, reckless actions that are intended to harm the reputation, the value, the fundamental purpose of nonprofit organizations.


You know, it just seems that because nonprofit organizations are out there keeping to themselves doing good, you're not out there, you know, trying to beat people up. You're trying to uplift people. It just seems like one of these things that has made it unfortunately a, a, a target for the cruelty that we've seen. Because, you know, IIII don't think, I think it's usually the reaction of nonprofits to help lend a hand versus saying, we gotta go on the offense and we've gotta fight and we've gotta develop litigation strategies and we gotta start suing everybody, you know, but, but you've had to adapt, right?


You've had to now, you know, build a robust litigation plan to fight back against these, these efforts. Not to say you weren't doing that before, but the idea of nonprofits being viewed by the United States government as rogue entities that are harming the, that is an unprecedented perspective that the United States government is taking about the great work nonprofits are doing. So talk to us about some of the legal efforts that you've been engaged in, that you're pursuing right now. Would love to hear that. Yeah. And it's been incredibly disheartening. You're absolutely right.


Nonprofits do this work in local communities quietly, you know, they're working with communities to meet local community needs. They're not looking for praise or, but, and they're certainly not expecting to be attacked for that really good, important work that they do. So it was just one week after inauguration that we ended up filing a lawsuit against this administration, and I should say the National Council of Nonprofits. We've been around for 35 years and we've never been involved in a lawsuit beyond filing an amicus brief maybe. And here we were a week after inauguration the lead plaintiff in a lawsuit against a sitting administration.


And it was because the administration attempted at that time to overnight freeze all virtually all federal spending to freeze all grants and contracts overnight without a a proposed end date. And just think for a minute what that would have meant if all federal funding was shut down overnight without any end date in sight for nonprofits who lost funding with that kind of a, a freeze, it would've meant domestic violence and crisis hotlines that provide life saving support, having to shut down.


It would mean homeless shelters, closing early education programs, ending health centers, having to cut staff, food banks not being able to provide meals to hungry people, just an on and on and on would have been the harm to nonprofits and to, to local communities. So we acted very quickly. The, the news of that, or the attempt to shut down federal funding came at like eight o'clock one evening. And by the noon the next day, our lawyers from Democracy Forward were in court filing for a temporary restraining order. And the judge ruled in our favor just minutes before that rule, that directive was to go into effect at 5:00 PM that day.


So we've continued to follow that lawsuit and pursue that lawsuit in the courts. We currently have a nationwide preliminary injunction in place, and that is preventing the administration from attempting such widespread reckless cuts to federal funding as long as that continues to be in place. And we'll follow that lawsuit as far as it takes us to make sure that that kind of reckless action can't have such catastrophic impact in communities since that time. We, we also filed a second lawsuit because despite that preliminary injunction, we've seen the administration attempt in other ways to freeze or cut other pools of funding.


So we filed a lawsuit to prevent them from freezing funding that comes from the bipartisan infrastructure law and the Inflation Reduction Act. And in that case too, we were successful. We have a nationwide preliminary injunction in place preventing the freezing of those funds. So all of that money that otherwise would've been frozen is now flowing to communities as it should and will continue working through the courts and other ways to make sure that continues. I think what you point to there also is this relentlessness to know by this administration. I call 'em the Trump regime, though. You stop 'em once, they are dead set on taking away people's nonprofits.


You know, you, you, you block 'em here in a nationwide injunction. They pop up here, you gotta stop 'em there, you stop 'em there, they go there and you know, you and, and the great work that you do, you are having to dedicate all this time now and all of these resources that, to fighting back against the United States government, who is putting all of its resources into shutting down food banks and the nonprofits that help people build homes for people who can't have homes and, you know, and, and, and helping people with persons with disabilities. It's like, what are we even like talking about here? But I think it's important that we're talking about it because I do think that, you know, corporate news in their 24 hour news cycle, it's always like, oh, what did Trump say today?


What did he do? Oh, are we doing? And people lose sight of something like this, but this is what actually impacts them the most. These are the organizations down their block in the community center at the right by their town hall that, that they rely on every day. So I'm glad that we have the platform on the Midas Touch Network with 5 million subscribers here to highlight this type of story and to highlight your organization. So Diane, before we go though, you're speaking to about 5 million people here, you know, on, on this YouTube channel and, and growing. What, what do you want them to know? What's the, what's the takeaway and the message that you want people watching this to know about what's taking place?


Hmm. Yeah, and I appreciate it so much. I appreciate your shining a spotlight on this because it is so important and relentless and unprecedented, and it will such all of these actions together will have such harmful consequences for communities across the country if we don't prevent them. And we are doing all that we can through litigation, through education and advocacy, through communications, ensuring safety, security, and wellness for leaders and professionals in the nonprofit field and for their communities. And we welcome support and engagement on all of these issues. We are asking people to call your member of Congress, urge them to defend and support and advance the important work of nonprofits, volunteer in your local community for a nonprofit organization and post about it online.


Talk about the ways that you and your family and your community rely on nonprofits in your community and share that message as broadly as you can. Overall, overarching all of this is this harmful narrative of and and wrong and baseless narrative about the work that nonprofits do. So the most important thing we can do is counter that narrative with the truth of nonprofits and the good work that we're doing throughout the country. And the more you and your viewers can help us do that, the more effective we can be. Diane Yentel, president and CEO of the National Council of Nonprofits, thanks for joining us. Thanks so much for the opportunity, Everybody.


Hit subscribe. Let's get to 6 million subscribers. The truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection@storemidastouch.com all 100% USA Union made.