
This weird obsession with crowd sizes. Hitch perfect comedic delivery. Former President Obama went there. He was the final speaker of day two of the Democratic National Convention. He completely roasted Donald Trump. Let me give you some of the highlights here. Former President Obama talks about how Donald Trump is this 78-year-old billionaire who can't stop whining, and he's obsessed with crowd sizes. Play the clip. The people who will decide this election are asking a very simple question, who will fight for me?


Who's thinking about my future, about my children's future, about our future together? One thing is for certain, Donald Trump is not losing sleep over that question. Here's a 78-year-old billionaire who has not stopped whining about his problems since he wrote down his golden escalator nine years ago. It has been a constant stream of, of gripes and grievances that that's actually been getting worse now that he is afraid of losing the Kamala.


There's the childish nicknames. The crazy conspiracy theories, this weird obsession with crowd sizes. It just goes on and on Here. Obama talks about how do we really want four more years of chaos and bluster and bumbling nonsense? Play the clip From a guy who's act has, let's face it, gotten pretty stale. We do not need four more years of bluster and bumbling and chaos.


We have seen that movie before and we all know that the sequel is usually worse. America's ready for a new chapter. America's ready for a better story. We are ready for a president Kamala Harris, Former President Obama then talks about his love for Governor Tim Waltz. Play the clip. She will have an outstanding partner in Governor Tim Waltz.


Wait, lemme tell you something. Lemme lemme tell you something. I love this guy. Tim is the kind of person who should be in politics, born in a small town, served his country, taught kids, coached football, took care of his neighbors. He knows who he is and he knows what's important. You can tell those those flannel shirts he wears don't come from some political consultant. They come from his closet and they have been through some stuff.


Been through some stuff. That's right. Love this line. When Barack Obama talks about how, notice that when Obamacare became popular, they did a little name change on us. Didn't they play the clip On healthcare? We should all be proud of the enormous progress that we've made through the Affordable Care Act, providing millions of people access to affordable coverage, protecting millions more from unscrupulous insurance practices. And I noticed by the way, that since it's become popular, they don't call it Obamacare no more, but


Cat food has been the same forever. It's time for cat food to move into the 21st century. Don't you agree? That's why you've gotta try Smalls. It's time to make kibble a thing of the past. Smalls cat food is protein packed recipes made with preservative-free ingredients you'd find in your fridge, and it's delivered right to your door. That's why veterinarians.org rate Smalls 10 out of 10 for ingredient quality. Now, our cat's favorite flavor is smooth fish, and our cats prefer Smalls way more than the previous cat food. I legitimately did a taste test. I didn't actually eat it myself, but put two bowls side by side and they immediately went to Smalls. Smalls was started back in 2017 by a couple of guys home cooking cat food and small batches for their friends. A few short years later, they've served millions of meals to cats across the country. I feel better knowing I'm feeding my cat real food, not burnt gibble. I could finally open a packet of cat food and not get nauseous. I actually recognize the ingredients in a packet of smallest food. So after making the switch to Smalls, 88% of cat owners reported overall health improvement. That's great. That's a big deal. The team at Smalls is so confident your cat will love their product, that you can try it risk free. That means they will refund you if your cat won't eat their food. Now, now is the time to make the switch to Smalls. So head to Smalls dot com. It's easy to spell S-M-A-L-L s.com, Smalls dot com slash midas, and use the promo code Midas at checkout for 50% off your first order. PLUS free shipping. That's the best offer you'll find, but you have to use our code Midas for 50% off your first order, one last time. That's promo code Midas. For 50% off your first order, PLUS free shipping, go to Smalls dot com slash midas.


Probably my favorite moment. I like that first moment too. But here's probably my favorite moment of Barack Obama's speech where the crowd started chanting. Yes, she can. As Obama said, vice President Kamala Harris will become the president of the United States. Play the clip, But, but she also knows college shouldn't be the only ticket to the middle class. We need to follow the lead of governors like Tim Walls, who said, if you've got the skills and the drive, you shouldn't need a degree to work for state government. And in this new economy.


We need a president who actually cares about the millions of people all across this country who wake up every single day to do the essential, often thankless work, to care for our sick, to clean our streets, to deliver our packages. We need a president who will stand up for their right to bargain for better wages and working conditions. And Kamala will be that president. Yes, she can.


Yes, yes, Yes. Harris Waltz Here. Barack Obama says, the importance of America in the international system as a leader cannot ever be overlooked. Play the clip. That's how we can build a true democratic majority, one that can get things done. And by the way, that does not just matter to the people in this country. The rest, rest of the world is watching to see if we can actually pull this off.


No nation, no society has ever tried to build a democracy as big and as diverse as ours before. One that includes people that over decades have come from every corner of the globe. One where our allegiances and our community are defined not by race or blood, but by a common Cree. And that's why when we uphold our values, the world's a little bright. When we don't, the world's a little dimmer and dictators and autocrats feel emboldened.


And over time we become less safe. We shouldn't be the world's policeman and we can't eradicate every cruelty and injustice in the world. But America can be and must be a force for good, discouraging conflict, fighting disease, promoting human rights, protecting the planet from climate change, defending freedom, brokering peace. That's what Kamala Harris believes and so do most Americans Here. Barack Obama praises, president Biden play the clip At a time when the other party had turned into a cult of personality.


We needed a leader who was steady and brought people together and was selfless enough to do the rarest thing there is in politics, putting his own ambition aside for the sake of the country history will remember Joe Biden as an outstanding president who defended democracy at a moment of great danger. And I am proud to call him my president, but I am even prouder to call him my friend.


Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. So This is how Obama started his speech. He goes, I'm fired up. Even if that means that I had to speak after Michelle Obama. That's kind of a tough act to follow. Play this clip. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, Thank you. Alright, that's enough. Thank you, Chicago.


It's good to be home. It's good to be home. And I, I don't know about you, but I'm feeling fired up. I, I, I am feeling ready to go even if, even if I am the only person stupid enough to speak after Michelle Obama.


I am feeling hopeful because this convention has always been pretty good to kids with funny names who believe in a country where anything is possible. Love this. Then Eric Trump goes, this is unwatchable. Then Barack Obama says, what we need to do is we need to focus on bringing people together and too much. Our culture pays attention to status and money and building walls that keep us isolated without really learning about people.


Play this clip. I, I-I-I-I-I, I know these ideas can feel pretty naive right now. We live in a time of such confusion and ranker with a culture that puts a premium on things that don't last. Money, fame status likes. We chase the approval of strangers on our phones. We build all manner of walls and fences around ourselves, and then we wonder why we feel so alone.


We don't trust each other as much because we don't take the time to know each other. And in that space between us, politicians and algorithms teach us to caricature each other and troll each other and fear each other. But here's the good news. Chicago, all across America in big cities and small towns away from all the noise, the ties that bind us together are still there. We still coach little league and look out for our elderly new neighbors.


We still feed the hungry in churches and mosques and synagogues and temples. We share the same pride when our Olympic athletes compete for the gold. Because, because the vast majority of us do not want to live in a country that's bitter and divided. We want something better. We wanna be better. And the joy and the excitement that we're seeing around this campaign tells us we're not alone. And then Barack Obama talked about the importance of mutual respect.


Play the clue That that sense of mutual respect has to be part of our message. Our politics have become so polarized these days that all of us across the political spectrum seem so quick to assume the worst in others. Unless they agree with us on every single issue. We start thinking that the only way to win is to scold and shame and out yell the other side. And after a while, regular folks just tune out or they don't bother to vote. Now that approach may work for the politicians who just want attention and thrive on division, but it won't work for us to make progress on the things we care about, the things that really affect people's lives.


We, we need to remember that we've all got our blind spots and, and contradictions and, and prejudices, and that if we wanna win over those who aren't yet ready to support our candidates, we need to listen to their concerns and maybe learn something in the process. A After all, if a parent or grandparent occasionally says something that makes us cringe, we, we don't automatically assume they're bad people. We recognize that the world is moving fast, that they need time and maybe a little encouragement to catch up.


Our fellow citizens deserve the same grace we hope they'll extend to us. There you have it. Let me know what you thought. Folks, a plus speech, in my opinion. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.