
Hey, aren't you that PBM Middleman at your service? Doctor? Don't you get rebates that save money on medicines? Oh, PBMs like me get big rebates. So why do patients tell me they're worried about their costs? No one says we have to share the savings with patients. Congress should make sure medicine savings go directly to patients, not middlemen. Visit phrma.org/middleman to learn more paid for by pharma.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it, Guaranteed or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock. Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


How about listening to the sounds of Istanbul? Beautiful, isn't it? But you can't discover the coolest city in the world just by listening. Check istanbul dot go turkey.com now and plan your Istanbul trip today.


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California, an Open Door brokerage, LLC In its other markets, terms and conditions apply.


Ford ProfIn Simple offers flexible financing solutions for all kinds of businesses, whether you're an electrician or run an organic farm, because we know that your business demands financing that works when you need it. Like when your landscaping company lands a new account. Wherever you see your business headed. Ford Pro Fin Simple can help you pursue it with financing solutions today. Get started at ford pro.com/financing.


Gloves off. Former president Barack Obama gloves off. President Obama was giving a speech at the end of the week at his Obama Institute here. He talks about fighting. We need a fight. Watch it, Certain set of rules. That's where you said Obama. What happens when the other side has repeatedly and abundantly made clear they are not interested in playing by the rules. It's a problem. And when that happens, we fight for what we believe in.


There are going to be times potentially when one side tries to stack the deck and lock in a, a, a, a permanent grip on power, either by actively suppressing votes or politicizing the armed forces or using the judiciary, the criminal justice system go after opponents. And in those circumstances, pluralism does not call for us to just stand back and say, well, I'm not. Next up. Former President Barack Obama talks about the current polarized political environment.


Let's play it. Ideally would be making government work better. You know, I believe, for example, that if we establish nonpartisan redistricting here in the United States, it would encourage more candidates to compete for every vote as opposed to just appealing to the, the most partisan members of their base. But, but let's face it, in our current polarized environment, political reforms are probably not gonna happen anytime soon, at least not the ones I wanna see More from. Former President Barack Obama Here, let's play it. Fact is, for most of our history, our democracy was built on top of a deeply entrenched caste system, formal and informal based on race and gender and class and sexual orientation.


A system that excluded or severely limited big chunks of the population from the corridors of power. Just to give you some perspective, as late as 2005, when I was sworn in as Illinois Junior Senator, I was the only African American in the United States Senate Powerful speech by him right here at his Obama Forum. Let's play this. If you're not black, If you don't understand, you don't have standing to talk about race.


My status trumps yours. Framing issues that way may keep things simple. It it, it it's easy to, to tweet. Is it still tweeting? Okay, X-ing I don't know. One more clip of former President Barack Obama. And then I gotta show you something very important here. Play this clip. Often focusing on our differences leads to this notion of fixed victims and fixed villains.


And it creates a presumption that our identities are all singular and static. That because you're a male, you automatically have certain attitudes. And let's face it, you're part of the patriarchy. I I have two daughters and my wife, and sometimes I'm sitting at the dinner table, I'm like, what? What'd I do? They pick on me all the time. You know that, bro. I'm the brunt of every joke. I'm like a sitcom Dad.


I'm sure you may have seen me in the past on the podcast drinking some coffee, but you know what? It was giving me the jitters. I was having trouble sleeping. I was having so much coffee, but I found an alternative that tastes incredible. Introducing mud water. So as the chilly days of winter roll in, in the holiday rush begins, it's easy to forget about taking care of yourself. Enter mud water, a soothing it, energizing coffee alternative that helps you stay sharp and balanced through the busiest time of the year, made from a blend of chai and cacao and coming adaptogens like lions made reishi and some chaga mud water gives you a natural boost without the crash or coffee jitters mud water. It's like your holiday self-care ritual in a cup packed with antioxidants and wellness benefits that nourish your body while keeping you centered and clearheaded through the chaos of the season. And as you prepare for the holidays, it makes the perfect stocking stuffer for anyone in need of a little extra self-care. So whether you're powering through gift wrapping, decking the halls, or simply enjoying a quiet moment to yourself, mud water, it's the ultimate way to bring balance and calm to your winter and holiday routine. So can you do me a favor? Give Mud water a shot and save big because our listeners get up to 43% off your entire order, free shipping and a free rechargeable frother. So head to MUD wt.com/midas. When the survey asks, please support our show and tell them we sent you. Give Mud water a shot and save big because our listeners get up to 43% off your entire order, free shipping and a free rechargeable frother. Head to mud water.com. That's MUD wt.com/legal AF. When the survey asks, please support our show and tell them that we sent you.


I look, I appreciate former president Barack Obama going on the offense also showing some good nature and decency, right? But I, I wanna see, I I've talked about this on the podcast. A, b, c always be campaigning. You can't just do it at the Obama Forum once a year. I mean, Donald Trump was campaigning for four years. These MAGA republicans are always in campaign mode and Democrats are not. Democrats just show up 90 days, 120 days before an election, and then they're like, all right, there's an election you've already lost touch with the people. A, b, c always be campaigning. But look, I wanna highlight a Democratic house member who I haven't really shown many clips of him, but he's great.


Here is Democratic Congress member Brad Sherman, right here, just torching Donald Trump and Elon Musk for naming their committee after the cryptocurrency of Elon Musk. Duh. Here, play this clip. No, it's not. It is pimping out the US government to help a private investment by naming a, a a a a very important commission after Dogecoin. So what has happened? Has it worked? Has it spiked up? Dogecoin? You bet Dogecoin went up by two and a half times, almost three times on from election day to a week after election day.


Now, you might say, well, we now have a crypto friendly administration. Maybe it's just no, Bitcoin went up 27%. Dogecoin went up about 270%. So who knew about this? Who profited it from it? How much profit was reached? The increase in that one week was worth $37 billion. Here's another clip right here of Democratic Congress member Brad Sherman of California here, torching Donald Trump and maga, when they claim that they've got a mandate, just watch this clip again. This is this, I wanna see this type of fighting like Brad Sherman or play this clip Percent difference.


Compare that to Hillary Clinton's mandate in 2016. She beat Trump by 2.1% of the popular vote. That might be a mandate, but this here, that's a squeaker. That's like saying you watch a football game and one team beats the other 48 to 47 because of a missed extra point. And that's a blowout. Hardly. There is no mandate to outlaw interstate travel by pregnant women or to trash NATO or deport 20 million people. There is, if anything, we'll see the reason people voted the Way they, they, you know what it's, it's, as I reflect on that Obama, on those Obama clips though that I shared with you, I do reflect back to a time when our politics was grounded in some level of decency and, and decor.


I'm like, do you remember when John McCain late? Great John McCain, I have so much respect for when he was running against former President Barack Obama and the people in the crowd, you know, wanted McCain to call Obama all of these names and defame Obama. Then one lady started saying all these things about Obama. Remember this moment, your play, I can't trust Obama. I got, I I have read about him and he's not, he's not, he's a, he's an Arab. He is not. No ma'am. No ma'am. No, no ma'am. No ma'am, no ma'am. He's a, he's a, he's a decent family man, citizen that I just happened to have disagreements with on, on fundamental issues.


And that's what this campaign is all about. He's not Thank you. That moment really stood out to me as a moment of when moral character was, was important, you know, and you saw moral. I wanna make sure we bring moral character back to the highest office in our land. That's one of the things we're gonna fight for every day for the next four years, every single day. But we gotta get aggressive gloves off, go on the offense. I would probably wanna see it even a little stronger than what I saw there from Obama. Anyway, lemme know what you think. Get subscribed. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Love this Video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.