
He called himself the father of IVF. I do not know what that means. You do not either. He said January 6th was a day of love. Do not boo vote. May, may, may January 6th. Sound like it was Woodstock. You, you would be worried if your grandpa was acting like this. No, no. I'm, I'm not joking. You would, right? Yeah.


You'd be, you'd, you'd, you'd, you'd call up your cousins and you'd say, have you noticed? So imagine it coming from a guy who wants to be given unchecked power Tucson. We do not need to see what an older lunar Donald Trump looks like with no guardrails. We have had enough of arrogance and bumbling and bluster and Division. America's ready to turn the page. We're ready for a better story.


We're ready for a president Kamala Harris, Former President Barack Obama in Tucson, Arizona, telling it like it is. If your grandpa was acting that way, you would say, there is some serious issues. Why are you going to give Donald Trump an unfettered power here? Former President Barack Obama says, remember when Donald Trump just did that town hall and just started bobbing his head for 40 minutes to the YMCA in music? How weird was that? Play the clip. I I, I do have to point out that along with his intentions, there is also a question of his competence.


Have you seen him lately? I mean, he is out there. He's given two, two and a half hour speeches, just word salads. You, you, you have no idea what he's talking about. He's talking about Hannibal Lecter. He is talking about this. He is talking about that he held a town hall meeting where he's, he, he just let, let me explain. 'cause I've done a lot of town hall meetings. The point of a town hall meeting is to take questions. He just decided, you know what, I'm gonna stop taking question. And then he's swaying to Ave Maria and YMCA for about half an hour.


Folks are standing there, not sure what's happening. Can you imagine if, if, if I did that can, can you imagine if Reuben did that right in the middle? Now our playlist would probably be better, way better, but Obama then talks about how Donald Trump is selling $60 Bibles made in China, play this clip, And when he is not complaining, he is trying to sell you stuff.


He's got his gold sneakers, he's got the a hundred thousand dollars watch, says it's a Swiss watch, but, but nobody can actually figure out where in Switzerland was this thing made? He's got this, this, this is my favorite. He's got the Trump Bible wants you to buy the word of God, Donald Trump edition. His name's gonna be on there embossed. Right, right, right next to to, to Luke and Mark and Matthew. I, and by and by the way, I, I will give you one guess.


You could not make this stuff up where these bibles are made. So Mr. Tough guy on China, except when he can make a few bucks hawing his Trump edition Bibles, come on, man. You can't make this stuff up. But he is doing it. And the reason he is doing it is because what he cares about is his ego and his money and his status. He is not thinking about you.


Donald Trump sees power as nothing more than a means to his ends. Then Obama talks about how, look, I understand why people get frustrated with politics and so do I. He then says, but I don't understand why you think that Trump would be good for you. Play this clip And, and it's gonna be tight because a lot of Americans are struggling right now as, as, as a country. We've been through a lot over the last few years. We've had a historic pandemic that wrecked havoc on communities and businesses. Disruptions from the pandemic then caused prices to spike.


And that put a strain on family budgets. And in a lot of ways, it felt like the aspirations of working people have taken a backseat to the priorities of the rich and the powerful and the well connected. So, so I understand why people are looking to shake things up up. I get why sometimes folks are frustrated with politics. I am sometimes frustrated with politics. So, so, so I get it. What I cannot understand is why anyone would think that Donald Trump will shake things up in a way that is good for you.


That I don't understand. Because, because there is absolutely no evidence that this man thinks about anybody but himself. I I, I've said it before. Donald Trump is a 78-year-old billionaire who has not stopped whining about his problems since he rode down that golden escalator nine years ago. Then Obama talks about how Donald Trump probably doesn't know how to change a diaper. Well play the clip. So if you're a new parent, you could qualify for a $6,000 tax credit during the first year of your child's life.


That will help because raising kids is hard. She wants to make it easier to afford stuff like a crib or a car seat or diapers. You think Donald Trump's ever changed his diaper? Nos? Oh, yes. Geez. What is this? Obama talks about how JD Vance has the nerve to say that Donald Trump tried to save the Affordable Care Act and Obamacare. They were trying to take it away at every step of the way. Play this clip When it comes to healthcare.


Donald Trump's got one answer, and that is, and Obamacare get rid of the Affordable Care Act, even though 45 million people rely on it. A couple of couple of weeks ago, his running mate had the nerve, the chutzpah, to say that Donald Trump salvaged the Affordable Care Act. What? Donald Trump spent his entire presidency trying to dismantle it, and he couldn't even do that. Right?


Thanks to John McCain, he didn't do it. And folks, of course, the people in Arizona remember that because it was John McCain that saved the Affordable Care Act when he put his thumb down and voted against repealing Obamacare. If he didn't do that, you likely would've lost your healthcare right now, and people can be discriminated against for preexisting conditions. Tens of millions of Americans would have died if Donald Trump had his way, and he has the nerve to say that he was trying to help this situation. Then Obama talks about how he was the one, Obama was the one who had 75 straight months of job growth, and Donald Trump tanked it.


Play the clip. And I'll hear some people say, you know, well, I remember the economy when, when those first two years with Trump. They, they, they, they were, they were pretty good. And, and, and, and, and, and I say, yeah, yeah, it was good because it was my economy that I gave to him. I I had spent the previous eight years cleaning up the mess that Republicans had left me.


So when I handed over the economy to Donald Trump, we had had 75 straight months of job growth. And I said, here you go. And all he did with it was give a tax cut to people who did not need one and drove up the deficit in the process, and now he wants to do it again.


Now, are you interested in having hair that grows faster, stronger, and longer, having visibly thicker volume, experiencing noticeably less, shedding thicker lashes and brows? All of this is possible with neutrophil. Neutrophil is the number one dermatologist recommended hair growth supplement brand trusted by over 1 million people see thicker, stronger, faster growing hair with less shedding in just three to six months. With neutrophil thinning hair is different for men and women. So a one size fits all approach to hair growth doesn't cut it. Neutrophil has multiple formulas for men and women that are tailored to different life stages, such as postpartum or menopause and lifestyle factors, such as a plant-based lifestyle. So you could get just what you need. Physician formulated with a hundred percent drug-free ingredients. Neutrophil supports healthy hair growth from within by targeting key root causes of thinning, stress, hormones, aging, nutrition, lifestyle, and metabolism through whole body health. While many supplements rely solely on ingredient studies, neutrophil clinically tests final formulations to ensure their efficacy. In a clinical study, 72% of men saw more scalp coverage after taking Neutrophil Men hair growth supplement for six months. And 86% of women saw improved hair growth after taking neutrophil Women Hair growth supplement for six months. Get result, you could run your fingers through for a limited time. Nut Nutriful is offering our listeners $10 OFF your first month subscription and free shipping when you go to nutriful.com and enter the promo code. Midas find out why over 4,500 healthcare professionals and stylists recommend Nut nutriful for healthier hair. That's nutriful.com, spelled N-U-T-R-A-F-O l.com, promo code Midas, that's nutri fall.com promo code Midas MEIDAS.


And Obama goes, you think Donald Trump's ever changed a tire in his life? Play the clip. And in the White House, she will have an outstanding partner in Governor Tim Walls. Love that dude. Tim's a veteran. He's a teacher, he's a coach, a hunter, been a great governor working with Democrats and Republicans. To get stuff done. And I, and, and I learned the other day, he can take a vintage truck apart and put it back together again, which is just cool.


You think Donald Trump can do that for that matter. Do you think Donald Trump has ever changed a tire in his life? No. Yeah. You know, he is like, he is like having ves change his tire. The the point is, I was just picturing it. Obama says, no matter what the issue is, Donald Trump blames immigrants for it, can never actually take responsibility for anything.


Play the clip. If you challenge Trump or or JD Vance on these quote unquote concepts, they'll fall back on one final answer. This is their go-to a, after everything else makes no sense. They'll go, and it doesn't matter what the issue is, housing, healthcare, education, paying the bills, he'll blame immigrants. He wants you to believe that if you let him round up whoever he wants and ship 'em out, all your problems will be solved.


Now, wait, hold on a second. I, because this is a serious piece of business. Arizona's a border state, you know, there are real issues at the border. We can't pretend there are not. We are a nation of laws and we are a nation of immigrants. We were built on immigrants looking for a better life. We also have to make sure that the, the system works the way it was supposed to, right? So, so we have a, a real problem to solve. And Obama says, you remember Donald Trump was in office. We remember what went down and how bad it was.


Play this clip. Remember Donald Trump was president for four years. He likes to talk about Kamala being vice president four years. We remember you being president buddy for four years. And then Obama talks about how Donald Trump intentionally tries to make problems worse to try to turn them into winning political issues. That's what authoritarians do. We need people who try to make things better. Please play the clip. So, so the question is why did not, why didn't he actually solve the problem when he was in power?


Why was the number of undocumented immigrants basically the same when he left office as when he took office? I'll tell you why. Because he didn't have a real plan and he still doesn't, what he had is talking points. What he had is a concept of a plan. And by the way, it was a mean and ugly concept. You know, what would actually help bring order to the border and actually help fix our immigration system? The bipartisan deal that Kamala Harris supported, even though it was written by one of the most conservative Republicans in Congress, and Donald Trump deliberately lobbied against it and told Republicans, don't vote for it, because he figured that if you passed it, he would not be able to engage in the same kind of fear mongering that he is been doing.


He, he cared more about winning an election than he did to actually solve the problem vote. We do not need a president who's willing to make problems worse to make his politics better. We need a president who actually cares about solving problems, making your life better. That's what Kamala Harris will do, And that's why you gotta vote.


Obama says, if we believe in freedom, listen up, play the clip. I mean, I, I I, I listened to some of the language that's being thrown around. Look, even on the most contentious issues, I, I've always said there are good people of conscience on both sides of the abortion divide. And I respect anybody whose faith tells them that it's not something that they would do, that they support. But if we believe in freedom, then we should at least agree that such a deeply personal decision should be made by the woman whose body is involved, not by politicians.


Then Obama said, can you believe Donald Trump goes around saying, I don't take responsibility for anything? Have you ever heard any other form of president saying, I don't take responsibility. I don't take responsibility. This is what we train our kids not to be like, play this clip. One of those values that Reuben shares and that's talked a lot about in the campaign, is freedom. So I wanna talk a little bit about that. I I do not think we've ever had an election with candidates who understand freedom so differently for Donald Trump and his cronies.


Freedom means that the powerful can do whatever they please. That's his definition of free of freedom. I wanna fire workers for trying to organize a union. I should be free to do so. They, they, they're, they're, they, they want the freedom to throw out boats. If, if they lose an election, they, they want the, they wanna control what women can and can't do to their bodies. And, and, and in other words, for Trump, freedom is getting away with stuff. And it's like he said in the middle of the pandemic when he said, I do not take any responsibility at all.


I'm not sure any American president has ever uttered those words other than Donald Trump. I do not take any people. Were dying hospitals overrun. I do not take any responsibility at all. That's his idea of freedom. I do what I want and I'm not responsible for anything. We have a broader idea of freedom. We believe in the freedom to provide for our families if we're willing to work the freedom to breathe clean air and drink clean water, the freedom to send our kids to school without worrying if they'll come home safely.


We believe that true freedom gives each of us the right to make decisions about our own lives, how we worship, who we marry, what our family looks like. And we also believe that freedom requires us to recognize that other people have the freedom to make different choices. And it doesn't make 'em bad people. It doesn't make 'em evil people. It doesn't make 'em enemies of the state. And then finally, Obama talks about the late great John McCain, especially addressing this Arizona audience play the clip, You know, before being here in, in Tucson, I'm, I'm thinking about my friend John McCain.


Yeah. Now, I, I don't wanna over romanticize our relationship. And you know, John was conservative, to put it mildly ran against me in 2008, talked about me on the campaign trail. but you know what? He understood that some values transcend party. He believed in honest argument and hearing the views of other people. He didn't demonize his political opponents.


You remember the time at the end of the campaign when a woman at one of his rallies said Obama, there, yo, you can't vote for that Arab yo, he is not even a citizen. And she started going on a rant and he said, ma'am, ma'am, hold on a second. You know, I have a lot of disagreements with Senator Obama, but I serve with him. He's a good man. He is an honorable man. He's a patriotic American. Shut it down. He knew that if we get in the habit, if we get in the habit of bending the truth to suit, political expediency or party orthodoxy, our democracy can't work.


The man had character, Again, a pitch perfect speech by former President Barack Obama. Please in the comments, tell me what you think about that speech, and please hit subscribe and help us get to 4 million subscribers by the end of this month. Thanks for watching. Real quick, MEIDAS changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.