
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


If you've heard that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science-backed Language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with Bael right now, up to 55% off your bael subscription at bael.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The new year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration Specialists will fix it. Guaranteed Or your money back resolve. To make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's S goals. With LifeLock, Save up to 40% your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply


From the first whistle to the final drive. FanDuel takes the NFL playoffs to the next level because right now, new customers can bet $5 and get 300 bucks in bonus bets if you win. That's $300 in bonus bets. If you win your first $5 bet. The FanDuel app gives you everything you need for live bets, same game parlays, and so much more. Plus, when you win, you'll get paid instantly. Just visit FanDuel dot com slash bet big to join today and get started with $300 in bonus bets. That's F-A-N-D-U-E l.com/bet Big. Make this playoff season unforgettable with FanDuel. An official sports book partner of the NFL must be 21 and up and present in select states for Kansas in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 and up and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Call 1 8 8 8 7 8 9 77 77 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 support in Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny or text Hope NY in New York.


The audience was gasping. They were repulsed as Donald Trump gave a speech at the World Economic Forum, which took place in Davos, Switzerland. Now, Trump appeared virtually when he gave his speech and answered questions during Donald Trump's speech. He talked about Annexing Canada, making it the 51st state or else he would punish Canada and impose very serious tariffs on them if they didn't become a state. He said, and then when he was asked if by next year's World Economic Forum in Davos, you expect there to be a peace deal in Ukraine, Donald Trump, who previously promised there would be peace in 24 hours, he then said that he was not able to do it.


He then said that you should maybe have Xi Jinping negotiated here when Donald Trump was asked, will there be peace next year? What Trump's response was, well, you're gonna have to ask Russia. Now, here's the thing, folks, I think this is so newsworthy. I have to show you the clips. I'm only gonna show you two clips though of Trump. So you have to be able to see it and hear it. I I I can't have us turn to blind eye to it. So here's what Trump said about Russia. Let's play this clip, Mr. President, when you're back here in Davos next year, will will there be then a peace agreement with, with Ukraine and Russia by then?


Well, you're gonna have to ask Russia, Ukraine is ready to, to make a deal. Just so you understand, this is a war that should have never started. If I were president, it would never have started. I mean, it's utterly horrific. And here's what Donald Trump said about Canada. Let's play it. I think we're gonna be demanding is we're gonna de be demanding respect from other nations. Canada. We have a tremendous deficit with Canada. We're not gonna have that anymore. We can't do it. It's, it's, I don't know if it's good for them. As you probably know, I say you can always become a state, and if you're a state, we won't have a deficit. We won't have to tariff you, et cetera, et cetera. But Canada has been very tough to deal with over the years, and it's not fair that we should have a 200 billion or $250 billion deficit.


We don't need them to make our cars and they make a lot of 'em. We don't need their lumber because we have our own forests, et cetera, et cetera. We don't need their oil and gas. We have our, we have more than anybody. So, you know, just as an example, Alright, no more clips of him. You get the point. Let me just report on the rest of what went down. Donald Trump then said one of his big initiatives is stopping transgender. He says, he says, transgender operations have become all the rage and now they will occur very rarely. He says, he then goes on to say, with oil prices going down, I'll demand that interest rates drop immediately.


And likewise, they should be dropping all over the world. Interest rates should follow us. As we wrote on the Midas Touch social media accounts. Every time he opens his mouth, he shows he has no idea how anything works. Can't demand that interest rates drop you. I guess you can say anything you want, but that's a function of our federal reserve. Then what you're gonna demand that the world follow it. And also the price of oil is not related there too, but, and everything he says just shows he's got absolutely no clue what he's talking about. He then says this in front of the crowd and Davos, he goes, I'm pleased to report that America is also a free nation once again on day one, I signed an executive order to stop all government censorship.


No longer will our government label the speech of our own citizens as misinformation or disinformation. I just want you to understand the context of how utterly humiliating this is for the United States of America. Our enemies are laughing, our allies are horrified. He's going that we were not a free nation before. I mean, think about how he's undermined the real freedom here in the United States. And he's basically saying that, you know, one of the things he's going to encourage are lies. Lies about diseases, lies about international affairs, lies about him, And that there shouldn't be any fact checking to those lies.


And the fact that he said, America's not a free nation before him just so utterly dystopian, he then goes on to say heap more praise on President Putin. He goes, in fact, with President Putin prior to an election, which was frankly ridiculous. He's referring to the 2020 election. We were talking about denuclearization of our two countries and China would've come along. And I will tell you that President Putin really liked the idea of cutting way back on nuclear. So again, I want you to see what's going on here. So Donald Trump is attacking our ally Canada threatening to annex it, and then he's buying Putin propaganda and praising Putin and Xi Jinping that they want to denuclearize.


But he just couldn't get the deal done during his four years. And then he's again lying about the 2020 election and complaining and whining and saying, frankly, it's ridiculous. And again, now he's doing this on an international stage, which is again, just incredibly humiliating for our country. More attacks on Canada. He talks about a tremendous deficit with Canada. He talks about how we don't need you, we don't need your lumber, we don't need your oil, we don't need your gas. We have our own forests. He says that's, that's how Donald Trump is talking about this issue.


And by the way, to the premier of Alberta, Danielle Smith, he's he's, he's mocking you here. As she keeps on posting, we're gonna do Dales with the United States. She's the right wing conservative leader of Alberta. She's Maple Maga. But it's just so humiliating because Trump just keeps on showing how pathetic it is that she's like begging and begging and begging like this. Then Trump says this to the Bank of America's, CEO. Trump goes, I hope you start opening your bank to conservative. By the way, this is in front of the economic forum. Like again, how embarrassing. I hope you start opening your bank to conservatives because many conservatives complain that the banks are not allowing them to do business within the bank.


And that included a place called Bank of America. They don't take conservative business. And I don't know if the regulators mandated that because of Biden or what, but you and Jamie referring to Jamie Diamond and everybody, I hope you're going to open your banks to conservatives because what you're doing is wrong. What the hell you talking about? Banks are not close to conservative. And again, are you talking about felons? Are you talking about banks, deaking, terrorists and felons? Is that what you are saying here? And by the way, yesterday, remember what Jamie Diamond said? Jamie Diamond said that a little bit of inflation, inflation doesn't really matter anymore because what we really need to focus on is national security and non inflation.


Well, you're gonna end up hurting both. Very shameful statement by Jamie Diamond right there, absolutely pathetic.


A few months back, I gave my father-in-law MD Hearing aids. I saw him recently and he was hearing so much better. This podcast is sponsored by MD Hearing. MD Hearing makes high quality, easy to use, rechargeable hearing aids with exceptional sound quality that are personalized to your hearing profile and cost a fraction of what typical hearing aids cost. MD hearing's Neo model costs over 90% less than clinic hearing aids. The neo fits right inside your ear so no one will even know that it's there. Plus, MD Hearing just launched the Neo XS MD Hearing smallest hearing aid ever MD Hearing recently cut their price in half. That means you can get high quality rechargeable digital hearing aids for only $297 a pair. My father-in-law and uncle have been using MD Hearing aids for a while now, and they swear by them. My uncle especially told me that MD Hearing aids are, quote, the best hearing aid I have ever used at any price point. MD Hearing was founded by an ENT surgeon who saw how many of his patients needed hearing aids but couldn't afford them. He made it his mission to develop a quality hearing aid that anyone could afford. MD Hearing has sold over 2 million hearing aids and they offer a 45 day risk-free trial with a 100% money back guarantee. So you can buy with confidence. Still on the fence about MD Hearing, they were just selected to be a hearing aid supplier for top Medicare Advantage plans. So they're a brand that you can trust, get the high quality hearing aids you deserve with MD Hearing. Go to shop MD Hearing dot com and use promo code Midas to get a pair of hearing aids for just $297. Plus they're adding a free extra charging case, a $100 value just for listeners of the Midas Touch podcast. That's shop MD Hearing dot com and use our promo code Midas and get a pair of hearing aids for just $297.


Donald Trump attacks Canada even more. Donald Trump attacks the EU on behalf of his tech oligarchs. He then says like the eu, they took these cases with Apple and Google and these other countries and they, the European Union won 15 or $16 billion from these companies and now they're going after Facebook for billions of dollars. These are American companies. Stay away from them. EU praising Putin, attacking the European Union. Our allies, as Aaron Ruper says, Trump carps for Zuck and others days after they bankroll and attend his inauguration.


Then Donald Trump says, my administration has taken actions to abolish all discriminatory diversity, equity, and inclusion nonsense. And that's what he's saying to an international audience, that any type of diversity, equity, and inclusion, that it's a bunch of nonsense. That's how he's representing America internationally. And then he goes, and the Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman, MBS, fantastic guy, fantastic guy. He's gonna give us a trillion dollars. I want him to invest a trillion dollars. By the way, you remember what happened yesterday as well, where Trump brought in these like executives who handle ai and Elon Musk then attacked it and said he brought in Mata Yoshi son, Larry Ellison and Sam Altman tech bro, AI people.


And they said they were gonna invest $500 billion in Elon Musk's like they don't have $500 billion. This is just these, this is made up numbers. Why don't you say a trillion So Trump's like bet a trillion MBS is gonna give us a trillion. Here's what happened. That's what's, that's what went down at the economic forum today. Folks, let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 500,000 followers.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.