
Donald Trump is absolutely losing it right now. After he just received what may be the worst news of his campaign, yet Trump was just hit with his worst polling of the 2024 election cycle, sending him into a complete and utter tailspin. First I wanna show you the new 5 38 predictions, which have Kamala Harris up 61 times out of a hundred in their prediction model compared to Trump winning 38 times out of a hundred. That's still too close for comfort, don't get me wrong. But this is Vice President Harris's most impressive position, yet this is the strongest she has been in the 5 38 prediction. And this the new Paul from Quinnipiac showing Vice President Harris up six in Pennsylvania, up five in Michigan, and up one in Wisconsin.


These are her best numbers yet in the swing states, particularly in Pennsylvania and in Michigan. Two key battle grounds and easily the single best number we have seen for Vice President Kamala Harris in a long time. I will say that this poll is an outlier, but it does follow the trends of polls that we have been seeing over the past week. For example, the Suffolk University poll, USA today poll that came out just a couple days ago showed Vice President Harris up three in their high quality live caller Pennsylvania poll, more big news for Kamala Harris. So what is Donald Trump doing? Donald Trump is doing what he does best. He's whining, he's sending out a series of deranged emails to his supporters.


He is not campaigning in swing states. The whole thing is completely bizarre. So let me first show you the bevy of emails that Donald Trump is sending out, asking for money. You see here, $10 JD Vance. I'm asking you to make a small sacrifice. JD Vance. Kamala Harris has failed our nation and it goes on and on and on. My favorites are the ones where he says, I love you, Donald Trump says that to his followers, always very kind of culty to say the least. And we subscribe to these newsletters of Donald Trump of JD Vance. So you don't have to, but it's important that we know what they're saying to their followers, right? So here is Donald Trump who refers to himself as president, saying, I love you, Ben, will you please step up when you open the email?


He says, not even a would be assassin from can keep me from speaking directly to the American people. I've been raid, indicted, arrested, and wrongfully convicted. I face threats of prison time. I've come close to losing my life twice. Okay, he's really trying to milk this second. So-called assassination attempt. We're not going to downplay it and say that any sort of attempt or anybody coming that close to the president is not serious. But Donald Trump's life was never in danger in this situation. And he immediately took to his email list to grift and ask for money, and he's still doing that now as are his advisors. Here's another email. Stand with Trump Thank you Donald J Jump.


45th president of the United States. Donald J. Trump stage in 24 hours, New York will be the center of the political universe tomorrow, as I hold my first rally since surviving another assassination attempt. Once again, surviving I mean give. Gimme a break here. And if we don't put on a huge show of strength, comrade Kamala will use her million dollar fundraising machine to silence MAGA for good. But all the dirty liberal cash in the world could never match the power of hundreds of millions of Trump patriots just like you. Well actually, vice President Kamala Harris's money comes from mostly grassroots donors. I guess you wouldn't quite know about that, but let's see you trying To, get more grassroots donors here by saying $10 desk of Donald J. Trump.


Ben. I've been humbled and inspired by this surge of momentum my campaign has seen since the most recent attempt on my life. Once again, he's really trying to milk these things, and I don't think Donald Trump has ever been humbled by anything. As you're reading this message, thousands of true Trump patriots have already stepped up to make this the single greatest rally blitz in the history of my campaign. And can we just focus for a second on the fact that in this key moment of the campaign we're about 48 days out from the election, Donald Trump is campaigning in New York on Long Island in a state he lost by 23 points for the sake of nostalgia. As his advisors say, I mean this whole thing is so completely bizarre.


He's never going to win New York. And rather than actually hit the battleground states, he is campaigning in New York. The whole campaign operation is just so completely bizarre. Meanwhile, Donald Trump's life continues to spiral outta control in all other aspects. Take a look at his stock right now, which is down nearly another 2%. This thing has been crashing all week after Donald Trump tried to pump it up earlier in the week. This thing is heading for zero, in my opinion, it is continuing to go down. Kamala Harris continues to rack up key endorsements of Republicans who are choosing country over Party. 111 Republican former officials endorsed Vice President Harris saying that Donald Trump is unfit to serve.


The group includes former Trump administration officials as well as officials who served under former presidents. Ronald Reagan, George HW Bush, and George W. Bush. Here was the event that Donald Trump did in Michigan yesterday. It was one of these fake town halls, and for some reason, Sarah Huckabee Sanders was leaving it. And so Donald Trump stayed focused on the issues that people really care about, his rally sizes and whether or not people leave in the middle of him. See, She said, I, I said, I don't think I've ever said this before. So we do these rallies, they're massive rallies. Everybody loves, everybody stays till the end. By the way, you know when she said that, well, your rallies, people leave. Honestly, nobody does.


And if I saw them leaving, I'd say, and ladies and gentlemen, make America great again. And I get the hell out, okay? Because don don't want people leaving. But I, I do have to say, so I give these long, sometimes very complex sentences and paragraphs, but they all come together. I do it a lot. I do it with Raisin Cane, that story, I do it with the story on the catapults, on the aircraft carriers. I do it with a lot of different stories. When I mention Dr. Hannibal Lecter, I'm using that as an example of people that are coming in from silence of the lamps. I use it. They say it's terrible. So they say, so I'll give this long complex area, for instance, that I talked about a lot of different territory.


The bottom line, as I said, the most important thing, we are gonna bring more plants into your state and this country to make automobiles. We're gonna be bigger than before, but the fake news, there's, and there's a lot of them back there. You know, for a town hall, there's a lot of people, but the fake news likes to say, the fake news likes to say, oh, he was rambling. No, no, that's not rambling. That's genius. When you can connect the dots, you gotta, now Sarah, if you couldn't connect the dots, you got a problem. But every dot was connected and many stories were told in that little paragraph.


Let's talk about time savers for a second. Time is everything. And the last thing I want to worry about while I'm making videos for Might is touch, is having to wait in line at the post office just to overpay for postage. So if you're running a business or just want to ship and mail like you're in the 21st century, can I introduce you to STAMPS dot com? It's the time saver you didn't know you needed, but you need. STAMPS dot com isn't just for small business mailings. Whether you're a small startup or a multi-location organization, STAMPS dot com handles all your mailings and shipping needs, wherever and whenever you need it. If you sell products online, it seamlessly connects with every major marketplace and shopping cart. Think of STAMPS dot com as your 24 7 post office. You can take care of mailing and shipping right from your computer or phone anytime day or night. No lines, no traffic, no waiting. All you need is a computer and a printer. And get this, they even send you a free scale. Now, I know the cost of postage increased in July, but here's the kicker. STAMPS dot com offers some crazy discounts. We're talking up to 89% off USPS and UPS rates. That's some serious savings. So here's the deal, sign up at STAMPS dot com and enter code Midas M-E-I-D-A-S for a special offer that includes a four week trial, plus free postage and a free digital scale. No long-term commitments or contracts. That's STAMPS dot com. Use the code Midas and get that deal right now.


Meanwhile, Donald Trump's stooges in Congress are making a complete mockery out of the place. We have Marjorie Taylor Greene introducing a resolution to censor Benny Thompson. Play that clip Without objection. The gentleman is recognized for one minute, I rise today to announce I'm introducing a resolution to center the ranking member of Homeland Security Committee, Benny Thompson from Mississippi. In April of this year, Mr. Thompson introduced a bill to repeal and completely remove the secret service protection of former President Donald J. Trump. With the Department of Justice being weaponized against President Trump, multiple Democrat state das being weaponized against President Trump, they are also taking action that could lead to the murder of President Trump.


Mr. Thompson has refused to remove his bill on July 13th. President Trump was nearly assassinated on September 15th, there was another assassination attempt on his life. This bill must be removed or, or Representative Thompson should be censored in the well of the house. I yield back And this Republican party as a whole, under the cult of Trump, has just become so embarrassing. Here's Tom Emer just kissing Trump's ass this morning. We cannot normalize what has happened to an American president and our current Republican nominee. Just look at what Donald Trump has been through from the Russia hoax to sham impeachments and indictments to two attempts on his life in just two months.


It's incredible that President Trump has come out on the other end of all of this with motivation to keep fighting. To me, Donald Trump is the patriot of the 21st century. He will never surrender, nor should he. And with that, I'm gonna turn it over to our leaders, Steve Scalise. And they never want facts To get in the way of a good narrative. So let me hit you with some facts. First of all, fentanyl deaths spiked under Donald Trump. Now they're coming down under President Biden and Vice President Harris. You wouldn't known that from listening to a Trump rally. Here's some more facts for you. Okay, new prices are down 1.7% year over year down for 11 straight months. We are seeing deflation in certain sectors right now.


Prices coming down, making it easier for the average consumer. Goldman Sachs boosted their Q3 GDP tracking estimate to 3% expecting a stronger economy Now under the leadership of President Biden and Kamala Harris. And then I just wanna get back to the story because it's really been bothering me. This is the story of Haitian immigrants, the the lie about Haitian immigrants eating dogs and cats that's been spread by JD Vance, Donald Trump, Elon Musk, and all these MAGA influencers. So the press finally asked JD Vance the, and this is the Wall Street Journal of all places, which is kind of surprising. They said, why don't you, we, we want some proof of your claims about these cat eating Haitians in Springfield.


So give us a specific story. Well, we're gonna investigate it. And so the Vance campaign did, and I'll, I'll just read this right from the Wall Street Journal, Vance Spokesperson on Tuesday provided the Wall Street Journal with a police report in which a resident had claimed her pet might have been taken by Haitian neighbors. But when a reporter went to Anna Kilgore's house Tuesday evening, she said her cat, miss Sassy, which went missing in late August, had actually returned a few days later, found safe in her own basement. Kilgore wearing a Trump shirt and a hat said she apologized to her Haitian neighbors with the help of her daughter and a mobile phone translation app. So this woman made up the story entirely. She couldn't find her cat, she decided to blame it on her Haitian neighbors.


As Ellie Misal says, somehow the racist Trump lady who immediately jumped to the conclusion that Haitians had taken her cat that was in her basement still has more basic human decency than JD Vance because she at least apologized. Just shows you the sad state of affairs right now with these Republicans led by Donald Trump and with JD Vance. We see Keith Boykin make a very poignant point here. And this is something that I've been trying to emphasize too, that this sort of racism has led to violence against black Americans throughout history. This is specifically how black people got killed during the Jim Crow era. Something quote unquote bad would happen to a white person and then a lynch mob would rush to string up a black person.


It's how Emmett Till got lynched, how the Central Park five got framed and how Haitian immigrants are being targeted. Well said Keith Boykin, that is the current state of things, Donald Trump continuing to spiral out of control. And I know if we're seeing this data right now publicly, I know the internal data to Donald Trump must be absolutely awful right now, which is why we are seeing this panic, which is why we are seeing them double down on their lies and increasingly become more and more desperate. Hey, I'm gonna be bringing you updates all the time. We got Ben currently away. He may be back soon. Ben is about to welcome the birth of his baby girl. We are waiting for updates there, but don't worry, I'm steering the ship for now.


It's all good. And we got a great team here at the Midas Touch Network. I wanna Thank you for all your support. Remember to hit that subscribe button. Help us get to 3.5 million subscribers and add the Midas Touch Podcast. Oh, and also check out our great merch@store.midastouch.com. We got some great stuff. We got the we are Not Going Back shirt, we got the prosecutor versus the criminal shirt. We got all sorts of good stuff. The cat lady shirt, we got amazing gear@store.midastouch.com. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you soon. Real quick, metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.