
This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


It's turn time. And with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 plus in President select states opt-in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non Withable profit Boost tokens. Restrictions apply, including token expiration and max wager amount. C terms is sports book.fanduel.com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Do your job. Do your job. Do your job. That was the scene outside of magar Republican Congresswoman Victoria s Spark's Town Hall in Westfield, Indiana. And it got even louder inside as Americans from all political parties, Democrats, Republicans, independents, people who weren't political at all were letting Donald Trump and MAGA and the entire Trump regime let them know how we all feel about their hostile takeover of the federal government, their destruction of essential services, and their utter cruelty.


Let's Take a look at what went down inside this MAGA Republican town hall in Indiana. She was getting absolutely showered in nonstop booze at the town hall. Play this clip if You sit a silent wait in the other country, here in the country. And then people who were there to try to actually extract information and to participate once it was clear that she was just gonna go on this glaze fest of Elon Musk and Donald Trump and not even answer questions.


And I, and I'm just saying this, seriously, it was hard to even understand just what she was, just being honest, like what she was saying. People left the event and just started walking out. Let me show you this moment. Play this clip the Congresswoman, because she's gonna get hit by lightning for all the Congressional actually, a lot of Democrats don't like, and Republicans don't decide you don't like. And I listen. C is not perfect. Now, a lot of MAGA Republicans or people who pretend they aren't MAGA Republicans, but they really are, they're not even holding the town halls.


Like you've got Susan Collins, the Republican senator from Maine who hasn't held a town hall in 25 years. She's missed, I'm clutching my pearls. How could Donald Trump do this? I'm so sad. I'm gonna think about doing something about this. Well, anyway, she didn't show up at a town hall that was held in her abs absentia and watch where the people there say, where have you been? Play this clip. Indivisible says that Republican senator Susan Collins, who represents the blue state of Maine, is up for reelection in 2026 and has it added town hall for main voters in over 20 years.


Here's what one voter asked Senator Collins' empty chair last night. My question for you is very similar to so many people have asked you tonight, where have you been Now the Might has Touched Network, broke this story today, and it became a big story at a town hall event that was held on March 13th, 2025 by Virginia's GOP, Lieutenant Governor Winsome, Earl Sears. And she kind of did this event where she thought she was just gonna be in front of a Republican audience or a MAGA audience. So when she was alone, we ended up, by the way, we got, we got our people there.


So we got the, we got the audio, let's just say, of what went down. And here she's like, why are people complaining about losing their jobs? She's like, we, we all lose jobs. Who cares if people of Virginia and America get fired by Elon Musk and Donald Trump? Here play this clip. Now I'm hearing about Doge and all of that. And yes, we don't want folks to lose their jobs. We have over 250,000 jobs that we've created since we've been in office. So if you've lost your job and how many here has ever lost a job?


Oh, you mean it's not unusual. It happens to everybody all the time. Okay. And the media is making it out to be this huge, huge thing. And I don't understand why It was a great find by our research team who was able to, were able to get that.


Did You know if Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US With thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers? They have all the plants your yard needs, like fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs and so much more. Whatever plants you're interested in, fast growing trees has you covered. Find the perfect fit for your climate and space. Fast growing trees makes it easy to get your dream yard order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days without ever leaving home. Their live and Thrive guarantee ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape, choose the right plants, and learn how to care for them. I got a lemon tree from fast growing trees, and it's my favorite thing in my yard. I was worried about ordering plants online, but it arrived fresh, strong, and ready to plant. Plus, now I get to just walk outside and pick my own citrus. Not to mention, it smells amazing every time I go out. And by the way, big yard, small yard, no yard at all. Doesn't matter. Fast growing trees has over 6,000 plants to fit any space from indoor plants to fruit trees, to full-size privacy trees, and more fast growing trees has plant experts on call. So if you're like me and don't have a green thumb, they'll help you choose the right plant and keep it thriving. This spring, they have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to our show, get 15% off their first purchase when using the code Midas at checkout. That's an additional 15% off@fastgrowingtrees.com. Using the code Midas, M-E-I-D-S at checkout fast growing trees.com code Midas Now is the perfect time to plant, use Midas to save today. Offer is valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply.


Now let me compare what you just saw there. To the Democratic town Halls, Democrats are not afraid to hold town halls and they are getting standing ovations. Democratic Congressman Robert Garcia in his district, which is in Long Beach. He gave his town hall on Friday at Long Beach City College. Here's the standing ovation that he got from his constituents because he's a fighter, he's fighting for his constituents. Here. Play this clip.


Yep. Democratic Congress member Robert Garcia is meeting this moment, and here he gives the Midas Touch Network a shout out. Thank you Congressman Garcia. And thank you to everybody in the crowd who applauded when he mentioned the Midas Touch Network. This is a cool moment. Play this clip. So what's next? How do we fix that? Fortunately, there's a young, talented group of people that are sprouting up across this country that are building now these new YouTube sites. You, some of you might know like Midas Touch, for example. Absolutely. So that's right. So places like pla, new spaces like Midas Touch, like other other sites on YouTube are actually growing really quickly.


Yeah, no, seriously, thank you. Thank you for the shout out. Thank you for the warm response. Long Beach and across the country, across Canada, across Europe, across Australia, New Zealand, south America, Africa, central America, Mexico, we're getting such a warm response. The Midas Touch Network is, thank you everyone to our international supporters as well. And we stand in solidarity with the pro-democracy community internationally here. Democratic Congress member Robert Garcia, also talks about how Nancy Mace is trying to censor him. Trump's trying to arrest him. He goes, but I'm gonna fight for you each and every day.


Play this clip. Lemme say this in close. I want you all to know that the reason why I'm able, like honestly to get up in the morning and just like fight and feel like I can take this on and I can call Elon Musk out and I can take on Donald Trump and get all crazy with Marjorie Taylor Greene and push back, listen, they've tried Na, Nancy Mace is trying to censor me. Donald Trump is trying to arrest me. Elon Musk has, promise isn't a primary in the next election. And what I say is like, if these are my enemies list, we're probably doing something. We're probably doing something right. We're probably doing something right. Providence something Right? It's another great clip of Democratic Congress member Garcia from a town hall where he's actually engaging with the audience, listening to their concerns, fighting for them.


Play this clip. And I'll, I'll tell you this, I I swear, I I I swear on, you know, my, my mother and my family on this one thing that I don't care. I will too. You can arrest me, but I will never stop pushing back and fighting Elon Musk and Donald Trump until you throw me in Guantanamo Bay. I promise you that. I promise you that. I promise you that I could care less, I could care less. And I think that's okay. No, no. Look, I think, I think if you are, if you are right now in Congress and you are not, this is the moment. If you are not in Congress and you're not willing to stand up and understand that our democracy and everything that we love about this country is actually in danger, then this, then step away from someone that is willing to do that.


Step away from someone that is willing to do that. Should also be mentioning that Beto O'Rourke and Governor Tim Walls have been holding some town halls. Here's one they held in Texas, Democrats, Republicans, independents, were in attendance. Let's play this clip. So no more playing nice, in my opinion, just mine alone. Chuck Schumer needs to step aside, resign Another clip right here from Democratic Congress member Garcias Town Hall. Let's play it, Is that things cannot stay the same. Things cannot stay the same.


Have you, you maybe you've seen the, the recent rallies that a OC and Bernie have been hosting in other parts of the country. They're motivating. They, they, they are motivating young people. And you don't have to agree with every, every single thing that Birdie wants to do to recognize, to recognize that what they're doing is they're doing something that I believe is a democratic message. We should be listening because people say, what's the message? The message is that right now it's all of us versus the billionaires who wanna take more of our hard earned money so they can give themselves larger tax cuts.


Why? People, people say, and I hear this from young people all the time, why is Elon Musk doing this to the government? Why are they trying to harm our public agencies? So why is it that they are going after Medicare? Why is it that they're shutting down U-S-A-I-D? Why do they keep going and trying to actually shut down programs? The answer is simple. It's because they're shutting down these programs because they want to save resources, save money, and take all of those of that money and resource and redistribute that. So if they can then give themself all their billionaire friends and the largest corporations in this country with massive tax cuts, they know, and they've said that in order to pass their massive tax plan, they need to save three to $4 trillion.


They need to save three to $4 trillion. Where are they gonna get that? Three to $4 trillion. All of us, they're going, they're trying to rob all of us and working people in this country so that then they can then take those resources and give themselves more and more and more. That's the fight right now that we are in this country. Next. Then over here, Senator Chris Murphy. He's been fighting hard. He's been meeting the moment in my view as well. This was such a touching moment from his town hall where he spoke with a brave young girl. Her name is Charlotte, and he talks, this was the last question of his town hall.


Just watch this because to me, empathy, understanding, it's going to heal. And the children, the kids, the youth are our future. And it's important that we listen to them and we fight for them. Play this clip. My name is Charlotte. I wanted to say that next year they said that they were gonna take away free lunch for all. But I, I think that they should keep that policy because I don't want my friends to go hungry in school or have to be embarrassed by telling their teacher or the lunch lady.


So Charlotte on here for a second, okay? I'm gonna embarrass you for a second. So that was like the most beautiful question, your Honor, I've ever, because, because what you said is that you thinking every single day of other kids, right? Of kids who might not have it as good as you, right? And when we think about why we exist in this world, right? We exist in this world to help other people, don't you think? Yeah. To help people who are less fortunate. And I think why all these people are here today is because they wanna live in a world where we have a government that looks out for everybody, right?


That looks out for everybody. Regardless of what race you are or what religion you are or how much money you have, that we have a government that respects everybody. And everybody in this room here is gonna decide when they go home tonight, how much energy are they gonna put in to trying to fight for that world? And I bet you, because of your question, because you were so bold and gracious to stand up here on behalf of the other kids that go to your school, I bet you everybody in this room is gonna work a little bit harder to make that kind of world that you're asking us to believe.


I don't have any thank everybody. A lot of applause here. Where Democratic Congress member Robert Garcia says that we need this is we need to meet this moment. We need to stand up here, play this clip. That's exactly right. L let, let me and let me add, which I think is, is important. We right now are not only having to stand up against a president that likens himself a king, but we're also having to stand up against Republicans in the house and the Senate who have decided to stand with billionaires.


Instead of working people and working families in this country, they want to destroy social security. They want to take and cut Medicare. And as we know it, Medi-Cal here in California, they want to eliminate the Department of Education. They are trying, as we all know, through their Doge program, to destroy our federal agencies. And they are firing unconstitutionally, tens of thousands of federal workers across this country with no remorse and with complete, pure cruelty.


We have to stand up in this moment against that type of tyranny and those types of attacks. It's Give a shout out over here to some of the protesters across the country right now. By the way, I see a lot of protesters wearing Midas touch gear like Susan w right here. She goes at a protest right now. Someone who voted for Trump confronted us and we talked to him. He listens to podcasts, but never heard of Midas Touch, so he promised to listen in. He's a white 50-year-old named Andy. Well, hey Andy, welcome to the Midas Touch Network.


Andy, there you go. I'll just show you one more clip right here of just how much the people hate victorious spars. Let's play this clip right here. Powerful, powerful stuff right there. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers and thank you all so much for watching. The Truth Is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100% USA Union made.