
That's called Aura right there, as the kids would say. That's called energy. That's Vice President Kamala Harris's rally in Philly, which was headlined by former President Barack Obama. Should I show you what was going down in Michigan where Vice President Kamala Harris and Governor Wall spoke, take a look at the energy in Michigan. We're talking here, 21, 20 2000 strong more people in Michigan than attended Donald Trump's event in Madison Square Garden here. Watch this. Absolutely massive, massive turnout right there.


By the way, here's the headline on Drudge Report. It's a photo of Donald Trump as a mental institution. They're eating the Puerto Ricans, the Kamala Harris campaign posted the following as well. The Trump campaign's anti Puerto Rico rhetoric is not going over well with them on TikTok. And it's all these people who were saying I was undecided or I was thinking about voting for Trump. Now I'm supporting Vice President Kamala Harris, by the way, compare the energy and aura and Vice President Kamala Harris' rally the one in Michigan and the simultaneous one in Pennsylvania. Compare that to what Donald Trump was doing in Atlanta, Georgia. As people were leaving this speech.


It's like half empty. Watch this. And importantly at taxpayer expense, by the way. And she lied about working at McDonald's. She never worked at McDonald's. On top of all this, in conclusion, take a look. She wants to turn our military work. I don't think that's happening. Go ahead. Can I show you, by the way, the lines for vice President Kamala Harris's speech in Michigan? Take a look just at the lines right here. Okay, so at this point I have been walking for 30 minutes at a very, very brisk pace, and I still, oh, here we are.


I think I'm finally getting to the end of the line here. It is going a very long way. Okay, we're at the end by 30 minutes of walking briskly. I don't know how many meters or part of a mile that is. Okay. And let's take a look at the speech itself here as Vice President Kamala Harris. Be clear, we are all here because we are fighting for a democracy and for the right of people to be heard and seen. We're not about the enemy within. We know we are all in this together. That's what we are fighting for.


And my whole Career Here was Governor Walls at that speech Building gray like me, and you're sitting on the porch and you're rocking in that chair. And your grandchildren asked you, what did you do in 2024 to save this democracy? And you're gonna be able to tell them every damn thing you could. Every damn thing you could. So, Michigan, Michigan, let's put that in terms, you know, we'll, tell 'em this. Let's go, let's go, let's go. Please welcome the next president of United States, Kamala Harris, And let's go to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where former President Barack Obama was talking about Donald Trump's racist and xenophobic MSG event.


Let's play it. So the manholes, this big rally at Madison Square Garden, and the warmup speakers were saying the most we're, we're, we're trotting out and peddling the most racist, sexist, bigoted stereotypes. 1, 1, 1 guy called Puerto Rico, quote on island of garbage. Now, these, these, these are fellow citizens he's talking about here in Philadelphia.


They're your neighbors, they're your friends, they're your coworkers. Their kids go to school with your kids. These are Americans, they're people. And, and, and, and that is the reason why this election should not be closed. It should be clear. He, here's a good rule. If somebody does not respect you, if somebody does not see you as fellow citizens with equal claims to opportunity, to the pursuit of happiness to the American dream, you should not vote for them.


Alright, are you ready for this fact? Traditional bedsheets can harbor more bacteria than a toilet seat. It can lead to acne, allergies and stuffy noses. It's just gross. Miracle Made, however, offers a whole line of self-cleaning, antibacterial bedding, such as sheets, pillowcases, and comforters that prevent up to 99.7% of bacteria growth and require up to three times less laundry. It's why I use Miracle Made of my betting using silver infused fabrics inspired by NASA Miracle. Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get a better sleep every single night. It's why I love Miracle Sheets. Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands, and feel as nice, if not nicer than sheets used by some five star hotels. So go to try miracle.com/midas, try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save up to 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed by a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE, TOWEL, SET and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


Here's another part of President Obama's speech where he talks to the Muslim American community. Let's play it. I, if you're a Christian and, and, and, and you, you, you care deeply about the abortion issue. I I understand that, but, but does that mean you, you'll support somebody who seems to violate pretty much every precept of the 10 commandment? I I if, if, if, if you are a service member and, and, and, and you're somewhat conservative and, and you're used to voting Republican, I can understand it, but, but somebody who, who genuinely does not believe in duty and honor and does not understand why anybody would, would sacrifice themselves on behalf of their country.


I like that. Why? Why, why would you do that? I, I, I if, if, if you're a Muslim American and, and, and you're upset about what's happening in the Middle East, why, why, why would you put your faith in somebody who passed a Muslim ban and, and, and, and repeatedly suggested that somehow you weren't part of our American community? If, if you're an African American or Latino, if you're, you're from Puerto Rico and, and, and, and you see somebody who, whose values seem to indicate that you're not part of their equation, how do you think it's okay?


How, how can you tell yourself it's okay as long as our side wins? And here Obama is talking about Trump's fake macho act. And I've noticed this, especially with some men who seem to think Trump's behavior is somehow a sign of strength. You know, sort of the, the macho, fake, macho thing. And you know, I, that's, I'm here to tell you that's not what real strength is. It never has been real strengths about working hard, real strengths about taking responsibility.


Real strength is about telling the truth, even when it's inconvenient. Real strength is about being confident enough to treat everybody with dignity and respect. Real strength is about helping people who need it and standing up for those who can't always stand up for themselves. That is what we should want in our daughters and our sons. And that is what I wanna see in the next president of the United States of America.


And the good news is that you have candidates to vote for in this election who demonstrate that kind of character, who know what real strength looks like, who will set a good example and, and do the right thing and leave this country better than they found it. And Pennsylvania, that is the choice in this election. It's not just policies that are on the ballot. It's who we are and what we stand for. So whether this election is making you feel excited or scared, or hopeful or frustrated, or anything in between, do not sit back.


Don't just hope for the best. Get off your couch and vote. Put down your phone and vote. Vote for Kamala Harris as the next president. Vote for Tim Walls as the next vice president. Back to Vice President Kamala Harris hears she's talking about her plans for Puerto Rico Play, the clip Donald Trump has. This is not new about him, by the way. What he did last night is not i, it a, a discovery. It is just more of the same and maybe more vivid than usual. Donald Trump spends full time trying to have Americans point their finger at each other, fans the fuel of hate and division.


And that's why people are exhausted with him. That's why people who formally have supported Donald Trump have voted for him, are supporting me, voting for me. People are literally ready to turn the page. They're tired of it. In terms of Puerto Rico, I, you know, even when I was in the United States Senate, I, knowing that Puerto Rico does not have a United States Senator, I was intentional about doing what I could as the United States Senator to make sure that among my priorities, it included paying attention to the needs of the people on that island, including the aftermath of Hurricane Maria. I have announced also my plan that is about my opportunity economy writ large, but a specific target that will include a task force focused on the needs of Puerto Rico, understanding that it has very specific needs in terms of upgrading and repairing its electrical grid, what it needs in terms of investment that will be public-private partnerships.


And I'm gonna continue to do it. I'm very proud to have the support of folks like Bad Bunny and Jennifer Lopez and others who were supporting me before that nonsense last night at Madison Square Garden, and are supporting me because they understand that they want a president of the United States. It was about uplifting the people and not berating, not calling America a garbage can, which is what Donald Trump. Those are the words he has used. So, there you go. I'll see you later. Now, contrast that to Donald Trump's speech in Atlanta, Georgia, where Donald Trump is talking about potentially being led into World War ii.


And then someone in the audience goes, you mean three? 'cause Donald Trump is just cognitively glitching over and over here play this. But we're close to World War II because we have people in the White House that World War iii. Thank, thank you, thank you, thank you. I had World War ii, I had World War ii, I had World War II veterans. I didn't realize the word veteran afterwards. Thank you very much. By the way, the Archbishop of Puerto Rico formally has rebuked Donald Trump for his racist anti Puerto Rican events, demanding that Donald Trump personally apologize.


It's not sufficient for your campaign to apologize. It's important that you personally apologize for these comments forthwith, by the way, as Adam Carlson says, while this is anecdotal, it does seem not ideal in the closing week of a presidential election for this to be the case. Here's what Politico is. Reporting trump's Puerto Rico fallout is spreading like wildfire in Pennsylvania. This was just like a gift from the God said, Victor Martinez, an Allentown resident who owns the Spanish language station, LA noting some Puerto Rican voters in the area have been on the fence about voting at all. Quote, if we weren't engaged before, we're all paying attention now.


Martinez said he added the morning radio show he hosts was Chockfull of Callers Monday sounding off on the Trump rally comments, including a Puerto Rican Trump supporter who is now telling people not to vote for Donald Trump. Let's check in with JD Vance and see what he has to say. Play the clip. Okay, well, okay, I've actually heard this. Yeah, and I, you know, I'm, I'm not a gay guy, but, right. I've heard this from gay friends of mine, man, that Dammit, we would've had You wanna talk about virality? I'm talking about going viral. Yeah, that would've made some, some headlines. Okay, jd got it. You're not gay. Understand. Okay, let's check in with Vice President Kamala Harris. Let's see what she has to say. So what Would you do day one? Day one, it's gonna be about one, implementing my plan for what I call an opportunity economy.


I've already laid out a number of proposals in that regard, which include what we're gonna do to bring down the cost of everyday goods. What we're gonna do to invest in America's small businesses, what we're gonna do to invest in families. For example, extending the child tax credit to $6,000 for families for the first year of their child's life. To help them buy a car seat, to help them buy baby clothes a crib. There's the work that we're gonna do that is about investing in the American family around affordable housing. A big issue in our country right now. So there are a number of things on day one. Wow. Take a look. She's actually, I don't know, talking about plans.


Wow. How about what? A novel concept right there. Well, anyway, there you have it, folks. You see the contrast between the speeches, the energy, the aura. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.