
Whoa. Landing an account this big will totally change my landscaping business. It's gonna mean hiring more guys and more equipment and new trucks for the new guys to drive the new equipment in. Huh? I don't know if I'm ready. You can do this. And Ford ProfIn Simple can help. Our experts are ready to make growing pains less painful for your business. With flexible financing solutions that meet the needs of your business today when you need them, get started at ford pro.com/financing.


Wanna teach your kids financial literacy but not sure where to start? Green Light can help with green light. Parents can keep an eye on kids spending and saving while kids and teens use a card of their own to build money. Confidence. As a parent, you can send instant money transfers, set up chores, automate allowance, and more. It's a convenient way to run your household, customized to your family's needs, and the easy way to raise financially smart kids. Get started with Greenlight today and get your first month free at greenlight.com/spotify.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium Wireless. How to get 30. 30. But to get 30 bid, get 20. 2020 bid. Get 2020 bid. Get 15, 15, 15, 15, just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only. Taxes and fees, extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes C detail.


And she mentioned thank you about 50 times. Did you see the beginning? Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. Thank, thank you, thank, thank you, thank You that that was Donald Trump speaking today in Las Vegas, Nevada. His speeches are just getting more and more unhinged. I'll show you the longer clip of that one in just a moment. Speaking apparently about the economy. I'm not even sure what he was supposed to be talking about here was so unhinged. Donald Trump with zero self-awareness, accuses vice President, Kamala, Harris of lying 26 times last night, played the clip. I don't think anybody's buying it. It's like last night, this speech, she made 26 different things that were lie.


She lied, but that's okay. 'cause a lot of people lie. They'll do anything to get elected. But she lied about, you know, she's increasing taxes, I'm decreasing taxes. And she put it the other way around. Perhaps she misspoke. Then Donald Trump claims that nobody's ever heard of vice President Kamala Harris before play this clip The other side. Kamala, have you ever heard of it? Kamala? Nobody ever heard of it before. Donald Trump then begs the culinary union. Please, culinary union members, can you vote for Trump? Play the clip and A bartender. We we can we get the culinary union to maybe vote for Trump? Because you know, By the way, this is just what Donald Trump does over and over again.


Like this is what he does with suburban women where he begs for votes. Please, suburban women, can you please vote for me like this, play this clip. Hey, suburban women, please love me. Please love me because, oh, got a lot of suburban women. Look at this. Wow. Don't forget suburban women, men also. But we don't worry about that. Going Back to Donald Trump's speech in Las Vegas, Nevada. Here, Donald Trump tries to attack vice President Kamala Harris for supporting a tax on unrealized capital gains, which applies only to individuals with at least $100 million in wealth.


So Donald Trump really right here focusing on what most Americans really care about. People making over $100 million and unrealized capital gains for those individuals. Here play this clip X-ray, and now she's even pushing attacks on unrealized capital gains. In other words, the appraisers are gonna make a lot of money, which will soon be applied to small business owners, and you'll be forced to sell your restaurant immediately and the new owner won't do the job at this restaurant. I Don't know about you, but can we focus on bottom up, middle out economics and not this Trump trickle down and give massive tax cuts to billionaires so that they get extra advantages?


Can't we just have a fair system? By the way, as Donald Trump is complaining about unrealized capital gains tax on individuals with at least $100 million in wealth, remember the leaked footage that we got at Mar-a-Lago, where Donald Trump brags to all the people? He goes, you're wealthy people. I'm gonna make you richer here. Play the clip. You're all wealthy people. I know a lot of you come. They have so much money, they can give you so much money. You know what we did? Largest tax cuts in history. Think of it, our Military. It's important that we fact check when Donald Trump gives these speeches and give it the context. It's why I don't broadcast what he does live and why I show you these other clips.


Going back to what Donald Trump was talking about in Las Vegas, Nevada. Here, Donald Trump praises the business that he's speaking at and then goes, well look, we call you a small business, but you're really not a small business so that you can get extra tax advantages. We'll call you a small business wink wink here, play this clip. And for working families and small businesses like this one, this is not a small business. This is a big business, but we'll call it a small business for tax purposes. Okay? I mean, he is literally talking about manipulating the tax code for big businesses and classifying them as small business like he's bragging about a tax scheme right there as part of his speech.


And here it's just Donald Trump being unabashedly racist right here. Lemme just show you this clip. Play it. They're losing their jobs because Biden and Harris are allowing millions of people to come into our country and they're taking black people's jobs, African-American jobs, they're taking those jobs. And a lot of those jobs are Hispanic jobs too.


And That cat food has been the same forever. It's time for cat food to move into the 21st century. Don't you agree? That's why you've gotta try smalls. It's time to make kibble a thing of the past. Smalls cat food is protein packed recipes made with preservative free ingredients you'd find in your fridge, and it's delivered right to your door. That's why veterinarians.org rates smalls 10 out of 10 for ingredient quality. Now, our cat's favorite flavor is Smooth Fish, and our cats prefer smalls way more than the previous cat food. I legitimately did a taste test. I didn't actually eat it myself, but put two bowls side by side and they immediately went to Smalls. Smalls was started back in 2017 by a couple of guys home cooking cat food and small batches for their friends. A few short years later, they've served millions of meals to cats across the country. I feel better knowing I'm feeding my cat real food, not burned gibble. I could finally open a packet of cat food and not get nauseous. I actually recognize the ingredients in a packet of smalls food. So after making the switch to smalls, 88% of cat owners reported overall health improvement. That's great. That's a big deal. The team at Smalls is so confident your cat will love their product, that you can try it risk free. That means they will refund you if your cat won't eat their food now, now is the time to make the switch to Smalls. So head to smalls.com. It's easy to spell S-M-A-L-L s.com, smalls.com/midas and use the promo code Midas at checkout for 50% off your first order PLUS free shipping. That's the best offer you'll find, but you have to use our code Midas for 50% off your first order, one last time. That's promo code Midas. For 50% off your first order, PLUS free shipping. Go to smalls.com/midas.


Then Donald Trump tries to do his normal doom and gloom and spread fear and say, if you don't vote for me, there's gonna be a 1929 crash. You know what 1929 is, you'll play this clip. And I say, welcome to 1929. Do you know what 1929 was? You don't wanna know, right? You don't wanna know. But that's where they're headed. If they do what they're planning, By the way, you want to take a look at the stock market right now. It's up over 50% since when Donald Trump left the office about 50%. Now your 4 0 1 Ks are significantly higher than when Trump was in office. The Dow Jones and the s and p and the Nasdaq have set record highs all the while Donald Trump has been trying to tank our stock market.


Remember, was it three weeks ago where Donald Trump said economic crash, stock market collapsed, panic, and he did it all in capital letters and exclamation. He was trying to cause a crash. Also, he was threatening the chairman of the Federal's Reserve Chairman Powell, not to reduce interest rates the same way Donald Trump killed a bipartisan border deal. Donald Trump wants to cause harm to weed the people. Though there was an announcement today in Jackson Hole where the chairman of the Federal Reserve Chairman Powell was speaking. He said he's likely going to be cutting interest rates in the very, very near future. By the way, here's the Trump media stock, the exact opposite of our stock market. Our stock market's up about 50% since Donald Trump left.


Donald Trump's stock is down 54% in the last six months. Here, Fox has to just stop its coverage of Donald Trump because it's so, so pathetic. Play this clip. We're also have a Little bit, alright, we're gonna keep a good an eye on all of these events happening throughout the day, and I, I just wanna let, let's bring our panel back in and then we'll take a look at some of, of the polling. We're joined again by out kick. Here's The longer clip of Donald Trump. I guess he's trying to mimic vice President, Kamala Harris and make fun of her. He's seriously unwell Here. Play this clip And she mentioned thank you about 50 times. Did you see the beginning? Thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. Thank, thank you.


Thank, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. Thank, thank, thank, thank Tank. Thank, I said, what the hell is wrong with her? But then she recovered. She did much better, but, but she didn't tell anything. She didn't say anything. She talked about her family, how beautiful San Francisco was Then Newsmax has to cut out of its coverage of Trump after he kisses a woman. Play this clip. Thank you. All right, we're looking there live at former President Trump speaking in Las Vegas. And again, some very smiling people there responding to his no tax on Tips plan. Again, saying that it is really definitely going to help the hard workers of this Country.


Yes, absolutely. We're gonna bring in our guests right now for some quick reaction. We, By the way, isn't he just looking like an oompa loop here? I, Rupert says it perfectly. It's just so true here. Donald Trump says that his no tax on tips idea came from a young, beautiful waitress here play this clip. And He's very happy about the no tax on tips because he was the one, he was the first one that presented us after the young beautiful waitress that suggested, I said, what do you think of it, Michael? He said, I think it's a great idea. Were they coming to you with tears in their eyes? What we should remember about Donald Trump when he was in office, although I think we all tried to forget about that era when he talks about no tax on tips.


Remember what Donald Trump tried to do in office? This is just the facts. Donald Trump wanted to pass rules to allow bosses to steal and take the tips of the service workers. It required an amendment to an omnibus bill introduced by a Democrat while Trump was in office to stop Trump and his labor secretary's plan, not only to do the, to, to take the tips from the workers and give it to their bosses. So that's what was going on there. Oh, by the way, while Donald Trump was giving this press conference, you also had a press conference by RFK Junior and RFK Junior was saying that he's now endorsing Trump, but he's gonna stay on certain states so he can try to interfere with the election.


And he was whining and saying, I tried calling vice President Kamala Harris, but she wouldn't return my calls. Play this clip And interfering with our elections. Following my first discussion with President Trump, I tried unsuccessfully to open similar discussions with Vice President Harris. Vice President Harris declined to meet or even to speak with me, suspending my candidacy. And Then just in a very creepy way, he started talking about like puberty of young girls here play this clip. America's puberty rate is now occurring at age 10 to 13, which is six years earlier than girls.


Were reaching puberty in 1900. Our country has the earliest puberty rates of any continent on the earth. And no, this isn't because of better nutrition is is not normal. All very strange and, and and just kind of creepy. And by the way, when you talk about RFK Jr, here's what Donald Trump said about RFK Jr in April of 2024. RFK Jr is a Democrat plant, a radical left liberal who's been put in place in order to help crooked Joe Biden, the worst president in the history of the United States get reelected. A vote for RFK Junior would essentially be a wasted protest vote that could swing either way, but would only swing against the Democrats if Republicans knew the true story about him.


Junior, RFK Jr is totally anti-gun, an extreme environmentalist who makes the green new scammers look conservative. Big time taxer and open border advocate and anti-military vet. So now Donald Trump and RFK Jr are now locked at the hip. After saying that about each other, it doesn't get much stranger than that. The Harris Walls campaign put out the following release statement on RFK Junior suspending his campaign. Harris Walls 2024 says the following, for any American out there who is tired of Donald Trump and looking for a new way forward, ours is a campaign for you in order to deliver for working people and those who feel left behind.


We need a leader who will fight for you, not just for themselves, and bring us together, not tear us apart. Vice President Harris wants to earn your support. Even if we do not agree on every issue. Kamala Harris knows there is more that unites us than divides us. Respect for our rights, public safety, protecting our freedoms and opportunity for all. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million subscribers together. My dogs want us to get there as well. Hit subscribe. We'll be right there. Thanks. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.