
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it, Guaranteed or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock, save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


How do you feel? Great on vacation. Like really good, easy. You go to Aruba, you'll spend your time relaxing on cool white sand beaches and floating in healing blue water. You'll immerse yourself in natural wonder and find your center on an island where things move at your speed. You won't just feel great, you'll feel relaxed, renewed, and ready for life. That's the Aruba Effect. Plan your trip@aruba.com.


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon. The holidays are here. And you know what that means? It's time to get your friends and family the gifts they deserve. Take the stress out of shopping with Amazon's great deals and low prices on a huge range of items, from toys to tech and much more. Whoever you're gifting for, Amazon has great prices on everything you need this holiday season. Shop last minute deals.


Now,


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.


So what do you do if you're caught, reportedly cheating on your fiance and then allegedly dump her for the woman you're cheating on her with? Well, if you're Don Jr, it appears you should her far, far away, overseas to Greece, perhaps like father, like son. No, seriously do I have a story for you? My name is Brett Mycells here with the Midas Touch Network. Remember to hit subscribe and help us get to 4 million subscribers. So these past few months have been a whirlwind for Don Jr. And Kimberly Gilfoyle, and these past 24 hours have been the craziest yet with Don Jr. Essentially having his daddy ship his now ex-fiance. Apparently you you heard that right off to Greece after dumping her for a younger woman.


So says the Daily Mail and now the New York Post. And I wanna talk about this not for the salacious nature of the story, but rather to highlight the corruption of this family that is occurring in plain view. I wanna say upfront that we have not yet heard Kimberly Gilfoyle's side of the story yet, and we look forward to hearing what she has to say. But let me break down the reporting that is currently out. First, let me take you back to this story from September in the Daily Mail. Keep in mind, Don Jr and Kimberly Gilfoyle have been engaged for years at this point. They wrote Exclusive Donald Trump Jr. Is caught kissing, glamorous Palm Beach socialite. Bettina Anderson.


During brunch date without fiance, Kimberly Gilfoyle. Witnesses told daily mail.com. Don Jr. And Bettina were definitely on a date. Donald Trump Jr. Has been caught locking lips with a Republican Palm Beach socialite and it is not his fiance. Kimberly gilfoyle daily mail.com can reveal The former president's son was spotted canoodling with the glamorous it girl. Bettina Anderson 37 during an intimate brunch date last month. And sources tell daily mail.com. The romance is the talk of Palm Beach exclusive daily mail.com Pictures showed Dom jr's rendezvous with the model influencer and philanthropists at the Honor bar located in Palm Beach's, swanky Royal Ana Plaza Shopping Center on August 17th at witnesses to the close encounter Say it was clear this was definitely no business meeting with one revealing the blonde beauty was seen reaching over to plant a sexy kiss on Don Jr's lips three times quote.


She seemed totally smitten with Don and he with her the insider told daily male.com. They looked totally relaxed. She wearing a white shirt tied off to show her midriff and wide leg pants. He in a short he in shorts and a t-shirt. At one point, she also reached down below the table, put her hand on his thigh and rubbed it. Another source who witnessed the outing told daily mail.com exclusively quote, they were definitely on a date. The first witness said they weren't exactly making out, but the kisses were romantic and you could tell they were intimate with each other. A third person told the daily male quote, I guess they're not trying to hide it. They've been seen together all over Palm Beach.


Don Jr. Was last seen with his 55-year-old fiance at the MAGA Boat Parade in Palm Beach County on August 18th, the day after his intimate meal with Patina. Here's a photo from the Daily Mail of the two of them at a Palm Beach restaurant from mid-August. And so since then, Don Jr. And Kimberly Gilfoyle were still showing up together on the campaign trail. And Kimberly was still acting as a Trump family. Propagandist here was Kim back in October, for example, speaking about a new movie about Trump's life that had premiered at Mar-a-Lago. Kim described the movie as showing Trump's, I'm not making this up, Trump's quote, heart, his humanity, his empathy, and how Trump, I'm still talking about Donald Trump here.


This is what Kim said is a quote, silent soldier who doesn't want any attention for his good deeds. Watch this With just all the textures of his personality, of his heart, of his humanity, of his empathy. 'cause he's a father, he is a grandfather. Yeah, well, he's a silent soldier of charity and gratitude. Yeah, and just making sure that he takes care of people. He doesn't want any attention for it. He doesn't want any honor or glory for it. He does it because it's the right thing to do and he's an incredibly warm and loving and generous person. And here was a very embarrassing and humiliating speech that Kim gave at the Republican Party of Florida's annual dinner back in September where she could barely get anybody to clap for her.


And ultimately she had to beg for them to clap. Watch this Americans from all walks of life have had enough of the Democrats decline. And we are ready, we are willing, and we are able to spark a new era of American exceptionalism. You can clap for that. And by the way, here they were together in September along with Kid Rock for some reason, and in September as well in Serbia and Romania. You see them on stage here. So you could see that even after that original Daily Mail story, they were still seen together and Kim was very much involved in the campaign.


Well fast forward to this week and on Monday, another daily mail report drops. The headline Reads, exclusive Donald Trump Jr. Is seen flaunting his romance with socialite Bettina Anderson in Palm Beach with no sign of fiance Kimberly Gilfoyle, hand in hand, Donald Trump Jr. And his new socialite love Bettina Anderson, enjoined a romantic night out at an exclusive Palm Beach eatery as part of her lavish birthday celebrations. Exclusive daily mail.com photos reveal the the pictures are incontrovertible proof that the soon to be first son has moved on from fiance Kimberly Gilfoyle to be with the stunning it girl, a pillar of top drawer society in the Florida billionaire's enclave who don calls perfect, the loved up couple spent nearly two hours at swanky downtown hotspot, a bcan three miles from her West Palm Beach townhouse where they have been spending days and nights we can reveal.


And here was a photo of the two of them spotted together recently in Palm Beach. And here's a recent post from Bettina from her Instagram account apparently showing off flowers that she received for her birthday from Don Jr. And you could see the flowers and the notes in this photo. But most importantly, If you look at that teeny tiny writing on the very top left, you see the very top left right there. You could see that she tagged Don Jr's account not exactly hiding things here. So then this story breaks, and then what happens? We learned that Donald Trump is now sending Kimberly Gilfoyle to Greece as an ambassador. Seriously. As our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski wrote, Trump is giving Kim an ambassadorship to Greece as a parting gift after Junior walked off with another woman.


She's better off in Athens. Here was Trump's statement by the way he wrote. Today I am very pleased to announce the appointment of Kimberly Gilfoyle as the United States ambassador to Greece. For many years, Kimberly has been a close friend and ally her extensive experience in leadership in law, media and politics, along with her sharp intellect, make her supremely qualified to represent the United States and safeguard its interests abroad. Kimberly is perfectly suited to foster strong bilateral relations with Greece, advancing our interests on issues ranging from defense, cooperation to trade and economic innovation. Congratulations Kimberly.


Ron made this joke about that post. He said, Trump says, what's it going to take to keep you quiet, Kim? And then he posted that post about the ambassadorship in Greece. So then after that news broke, the Murdoch owned New York Post released their story about the breakup. They wrote Donald Trump Jr. Kimberly Gilfoyle have split multiple sources say as he's photographed with Palm Beach socialite. And Don Jr actually responded to the news about the ambassadorship and wrote quote, I am so proud of Kimberly. She loves America and she always has wanted to serve the country as an ambassador. She'll be an amazing leader for America first as Ron Philip Kowski said, that's a hell of a breakup letter.


Hey, might as mighty with all these videos that I've been doing recently, And as I get a little bit older, it's important that I take care of my body, take care of my health, just be a little bit more intentional with the way I live. It's why I eat Mosh bars Daily. Mosh was founded by Maria Shriver and her son Patrick Schwartzenegger. Their mission was to create a conversation about brain health through food education and research. You see, Maria's father suffered from Alzheimer's and since then she and her son Patrick have dedicated themselves to finding ways to help other families with this debilitating disease. So they join forces with some of the top scientists and functional nutritionists to go beyond your average protein bar with 10 delicious flavors, including three that are plant-based. Each Mosh bar is made with ingredients to support brain health. Like Ashwagandha. Lions made collagen and omega threes, and now Mosh has a new look and new formulation featuring a game changing brain boosting ingredient you're not gonna find in any other bar Masha's now the first and only food brand boosted with Cognizant, a premium nootropic that supplies the brain with a patented form of cyto clean. I've absolutely love the flavor of their banana bread bars and nothing feels better than getting a nutritious energy kick while knowing it's supporting my brain health. So If you wanna find ways to give back to others and fuel your body and your brain, Mosh bars are the perfect choice for you, go to Mosh life.com/midas. Save 20% plus free shipping on either the trial pack or the new plant-based trial pack that's 20% off. Plus free shipping on either the best sellers or plant-based trial pack at m moss HLI fe.com/midas. Thank you Mosh. That's Mosh life.com/midas. Thanks for sponsoring this episode.


Here's what I want everyone to be focused on here though it it's the blatant corruption and nepotism that is just being shoved in our faces right now. It's these apparent backroom deals that have been cut so that Don Jr could have a clean break from his fiance without facing any repercussions. I mean, apparently this is what we're seeing here, right? Whereas Ron Kowski notes quote, ambassadorships are the new Trump family NDAs. They don't even need money or Michael Cohen anymore. Well said Ron. And as Trump uses the office to enrich and protect his own family, he's also quite literally selling our country right now to the highest bidder Trump wrote on social media on Monday.


Any person or company investing $1 billion or more in the United States of America will receive fully expedited approvals and permits, including, but in no way limited to all environmental approvals. Get ready to rock. So he's telling you point blank that America under him will be an oligarchy entirely run by billionaires with billionaires getting special treatment as small businesses and the working class get screwed as if it weren't bad enough already. Foreign corporations and people can loot and pollute the US and bypass regulations that protect the health of Americans as long as they have lots of cash, all while Trump and his fellow oligarchs distract working people with all of these BS culture wars.


And let's remember, Trump has so far appointed 14 billionaires to his administration. 14. We see what's happening here, folks. It really couldn't be clear yet. For some reason, the corporate media has just accepted all of this as normal. Well, I'm here to tell you this. We will never do that here, but that's why we need your help to grow. So here's what I need to do. Hit subscribe right now and help us get to 4 million subscribers. Share these videos with friends. Please go ahead and subscribe to the Midas Touch Podcast anywhere you get audio podcasts, whether that's Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or any other podcast app. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see You soon. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be. Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.