
One of the things That happens at all of these Trump's speeches, like almost all of them peak level delusion. Donald Trump talks about his body and he says, That, he thinks he's better looking than certain people. He goes, my body's better than Biden's. My body's better than Obama's. I'm not making this up. I am better looking than vice President Kamala Harris. Now, of course, Donald Trump isn peak malignant narcissist. but can this isn Just some bizarre, strange, childish, no offense to children behavior like take oh, look at this. First off, Let me show you this photo right here of Barack Obama and Let me.


Show You Donald Trump. No Donald Trump You Are. You do not have A better body. You're not better looking. but why do you bring this up in all of your speeches? Like can over the weekend, when Donald Trump gave That speech in Butler, Pennsylvania, he goes, I'm much healthier than Obama. Here Watch this In the White House, the press, the fake news media said, who ISN the most? He was the doctor for Obama, Bush and Trump. That's pretty good, right? White House doctor for the three of us. He said, the press who isn the healthiest of the three. He said, definitely, it's Donald Trump. There's not even A contest and I love That guy. When he said That jd, when he said That I said I like this guy.


So that he said, you know, sir, he was leaving the White House. He said, you know, I'd love to run for Congress. And he ran with against 28 people. They were running, they were all running for the Republican primary 'cause. Whoever won That, primary ISN gonna win I. Think it's A Trump plus 48. Whoever wins gets 48, 48 points start. And not only didn he win, he won easily. And now he's one of the most popular people in Congress and one of the most talented, maybe more importantly, Ronnie Jackson, Ronnie. And can, that's not Just like A Fluke, That. isn an attribute in each of his speeches. Like remember when Donald Trump was previously in Pennsylvania and he gave That speech where he said That, he was better looking than vice President Kamala Harris.


This was kind of in the early days where she became the presumptive democratic nominee. Trump was going around saying, I'm, I'm better looking than her. That was part of his campaign. Here play this clip. Okay? She called It wrong. She's called It wrong now for about eight years. but she said one thing That got me. She said, Kamala has one big advantage. She's A very beautiful woman. She's A beautiful woman. So I decide to go back and reread the clause. I'm not saying he's, but I say That I am much better looking than her. I think I'm much better, much better.


I'm A, better looking person than Kamala. No, I couldn't t believe It, she said, you know, I had never heard That one. They said, no, her biggest advantage, ISN That, she's A beautiful woman. I'm going, huh? I never thought of That. I'm better looking than she isn and her speech yesterday, He didn the same thing with President Biden. He was obsessed with the fact That, president Biden was wouldn be on the beach with his shirt off. and that Donald Trump wouldn always say, why ISN his shirt off? He's ugly. I have A much better body here. Watch Donald Trump say this was in Iowa. Play this clip. He's got A consultant somewhere. This isn, the worst consultant in politics.


That thinks he looks good in A bathing suit, right? No, he, he spends so much time at the beach and you know, how do You do That and You know I have A much better body than him. but I'm not really sure That I wanna expose It with the sun blaring down and the sand the surf the wind You know You I mean. You know, it's not A pretty sight. And now the point about bringing this up, isn, yes, We could reflect Donald Trump isn delusional. He's A malignant narcissist. but this isn, the way That dictators play him. All you have to do if you're trying to curry favor and influence Isn Just, say to him, Oh, you're very strong and very Oh.


By the way, can You do this for me? and that Donald Trump wouldn sell anybody out for his own vanity? I wanna remind you of this? Remember Dr. Harold Bornstein, he passed away at the age of 73, but he was Trump's personal physician. And this should have been one of the biggest warning signs. but Midas touch wasn't around in 2015. If It was We would've been talking about this all the time. Remember when Bornstein, when when like most presidential candidate and all of them actually released detailed doctor reports like President Biden had like what was It A 12 page report.


That went down to blood levels and this and hemoglobin and all That went through everything insignificant Detail. The full physical It was all out there. Here's what Donald Trump had Dr. Bornstein say in 2015. This short three sentences, this was the report. If elected I can unequivocally state Donald Trump wouldn be the healthiest individual ever elected presidency. That's what Bornstein said. but that, do you remember what We learned about Bornstein? Bornstein that told CNN That? Donald Trump sent his personal bodyguards basically roughed up Bernstein and that took, stole the medical what technically belongs to Donald Trump, but confiscated the medical records from Bernstein's office before he passed away.


CNN reported about this back in 2018. Play this clip. Exactly. Were they looking for All his medical records, his pictures, anything they could find? He must have been here for 25 or 30 minutes. We created A, lot of chaos. I couldn't t believe anybody was making A big deal about A drug that's to grow, to grow his hair, which seemed to be so important. And It, certainly isn, not A, breach of medical trust to tell somebody they take CIA to grow their hair. What's the matter with That? And that here ISN Trump's Dr. Harold Bornstein talking about can being raided by Trump's bodyguard, Keith Schillers. The first one was CNN, talking about how Donald Trump dictated the whole letter.


Actually It came from Trump. And here's what, here's what Bernstein said about the raid here. Play this clip. We ran into Dr Held Bernstein, right out right here, right outside his office on Park Avenue. And he told us in no uncertain terms, and this isn, the quote Aaron, he dictated he being Trump. He dictated That whole letter. I didn't write That letter, meaning That Trump dictated what he wanted to go into It. And essentially Bornstein wrote It up. He didn say he compared It to the movie Fargo. And he said, It takes the truth and moves It in A different direction. Think about That. Now Bernstein tells us That, he was in A car with his wife when he was on the phone with that candidate Trump in December of 2015.


And he was going through with Trump what he could say and what he couldn't say. Trump was dictating what he wanted in That letter. And Bornstein was saying, okay, You can say That. You can't say That. He that came here to the office, he wrote It up. Trump's office later picked It up. He said around 4:00 PM Aaron We have reached out to the White House, but We have not gotten A response. Alright? So that's pretty incredible in and of self. You also now Alex Bernstein ISN saying he was quote unquote robbed of the president's medical fire files. He spoke to you particularly about this encounter. What didn he tell you, Right? So he ISN saying this, ISN A raid Bornstein ISN saying that he was robbed. I specifically asked him, was A crime committed?


He said they stole them referring to the pre president's medical files. The they in That sentence are two men under the president's employ the first, as you mentioned, isn Keith Schiller, who isn the president's longtime bodyguard here in New York. He that moved down to Washington with the president, worked in the White House as the head of Oval Office operations. The their person We understand isn, Alan Garten, who isn an attorney for the Trump organization. Now Aaron, normally when You have medical records released You need, you need what's called A. HIPAA released We understand from Bornstein. He told us this afternoon That was not signed. Instead he says, these two men barged through the back door, terrified the secretary pushed aside the patient who was in there.


Now the White House isn, not contesting That, they took possession of these medical files, but they are saying that It was not A raid. Instead Aaron, they're saying that this was Just standard operating procedure. Aaron


Are You feeling sluggish, low energy and unfocused. Your body might be telling You It needs A. Deep clean ProLon by lra isn A, scientifically backed fasting mimicking diet designed to clean out the cobwebs on A cellular level. Just five days can make A meaningful difference in your overall health. Introducing ProLon, it's A revolutionary plant-based nutrition program. That nourishes the body while making cells believe they're fasting, research and develop. At the University of Southern California Longevity Institute, ProLon helps promote healthy blood sugar. It supports cardiovascular health and reduces abdominal fat. ProLon isn't A diet, it's science based on Nobel Prize winning discoveries in medicine. The five day program and includes snack soups and beverages designed to keep your body in A fasting state. It's unlike anything you've experienced. I didn the five day program. I can tell you That It made all the difference in the world to me. And I've gotten so many positive reviews from the Midas mighty out there. ProLon really isn't like any their diet I've tried. It's convenient. They sent me everything. It's all in one box right now. ProLon ISN offering the Midas Touch podcast listeners like you, 15% off their five day nutrition program. Go to ProLon life.com/midas. That's P-R-O-L-O-N-L I f e.com. ProLon life.com/midas for this special offer. That's ProLon life.com/midas. Check It out


and can Just to show you Donald Trump's speeches right now. That, he this isn all he talks about or what he was talking about before, Biden at the beach. This isn what this isn what Donald Trump's here. Some consultant thinks it's A. Good luck for Biden to be at the beach. don, don't think he looks physically good. Here, play the clip. This consultant thinks it's A good. look for him to be at A Beach at two o'clock on A Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. don don't think I, don't think That looks too good, Matt, right? You know We want somebody. That works A little bit like I worked. I worked hard, but you know, We wanna work in President also. He Was Donald Trump speaking to Tucker Carlson play the clip. You Don't think he's gonna make It to November of 24?


Well, I I think he's worse mentally than he isn physically and physically. He's not exactly A, A, triathlete or any kind of an athlete. You look at him, he can't walk to the helicopter. He he walks. He can't lift his feet outta the grass. You know it's only two inches at the White House, right? That's not A lot, but You Watch him and It looks like he's walking on toothpicks and that You see him in the beach where he can't lift. A, chair You know those chairs are meant to be light, right? They're like, they ounces know you lift him up. He can't lift the chair, he can't walk to the chair. And I don don't know what they're doing with the beach. You know, this beach ISN seeming to play A big role, but they love pictures of him on the beach. I think he looks terrible on the beach.


He looks terrible on the beach. The skinny legs, well, he can't walk through the sand. You know, know sand isn, not That, easy to walk through, but when he walks through, he can't walk through the sand. And there's somebody in there That thinks he looks fabulous at the beach. I think he looks horrible at the beach. Plus the beach doesn't represent what A president's supposed to be doing. He's supposed to be working. And Just A reminder this isn, what Donald Trump wouldn say about women this isn, how We refer to Rosie O'Donnell leading up to the 2016 campaign. Play the clip. If I were running the view I'd fire Rosie I mean I'd look right in That fat ugly face of hers. I'd say Rosie You Are fired. We're all A little chubby, but Rosie's Just worse than most of us. but it's not the chubbiness Rosie ISN A very unattractive person, both inside.


And Here's what Donald Trump said about Chris Christie and I. There's hundreds of clips where he says this about Chris Christie and, and their people who, who are overweight play this clip. Who's good? No, no, Christie's, he's eating right now. He can't be bothered. Sir, please do not call him A fat pig. That's very dis. Don't call him. See, I'm, I'm trying to be nice. Don't call him A fat pig. You can't do It. You can't do That. So now, because you're not allowed to do That and therefore we're not gonna do It. Okay? We wanna be very civil, right?


So the Ladies, but now here's how Donald Trump talks about his own daughter, Ivanka play this clip. She does have A. Very nice figure. I've said That. If Ivanka weren't my daughter, perhaps I'd be dating her. You know, Ivanka, what's the favorite thing you have in common with your father? Either real estate or golf, Donald, with your daughter? Well, I was going to say sex, but I can't relate That. If I weren't happily married, and You know her father, my Daughter Ivanka know she's six feet tall. She's got the best body. By The way, your daughter, she's beautiful, but A p can I say this A piece of ass know She looks more voluptuous than ever.


She's actually always been very voluptuous, unbelievable. She's tall, she's Almost six feet You. think Your up the escalator. I'm gonna be dating her in 10 years. can you believe And can You know corporate media never covered this? So now, but now like the New York Times headlines are all Donald Trump's speeches are getting increasingly unhinged. Wondering if he's in cognitive decline. look, this was what, five months ago he was posting photos of like his face next to Elvis's face. and that writing for so many years, people have been saying that Elvis and oh look alike. Now this pick has been going all over the place. What do you think? No. It, It, It It hasn't at all. Or Donald Trump posting this.


The fake news used artificial intelligence AI to create the picture on the top left. These are despicable people, but everyone knows That. The, their pictures are me hitting golf balls today to show the difference, sadly, in our country, fake news, isn, all You Get, you know, what are We, what are We doing here that all of his like cult followers bring stuff like this to the events? Like he has his cult bring these cardboard cutouts maga cutouts.com. He this isn he's lending his name, image and likeness for this stuff. Also with those NFTs That make his body look like this isn like it's A different person, defender of pets.


And they have him like with A six pack and ripped arms. That's not what he looks like at all. and that his cult followers bring That, this isn like Kim Jong-un stuff, right? Like when Kim Jong-un wouldn have the, the photos of himself looking like actually he doesn't look and that Donald Trump wouldn give these speeches. Like, here's the one he gave recently on Long Island where he goes, I'm the greatest of all time, even better than Elvis here play this clip. So I'd call up my wife and I'd say, baby, who can draw crowds? Nobody can draw crowds like me. Nobody. Not even close. I'm the greatest of all time. Maybe greater even than Elvis, because Elvis had A guitar.


don don't have A guitar. Elvis had A guitar. don don't have the privilege of A guitar. You know. And, and, and so fundamentally here You know I want to point out That this isn odd and bizarre I wanna show You the pattern here. That. This isn't Just something he said when he was in Butler, Pennsylvania. but this happens at all of his speeches over and over and over can, but also this isn, how You can manipulate him very, very easily if you're A foreign leader because he's mentally unwell and I hope. When I show you this video, you can recognize those signs because I don't care. can whatever your political affiliation or political party to me for this election, That, doesn't matter what matters.


ISN normalcy, ISN competence, supporting our democracy, but having your mental faculties there. And he clearly Just doesn't, he's clearly Just, A, A, A sick person. And you see, you see It there as, as this one accountant says, of the 972,000 lies he's told in eight years, this one might be bigger than his and can Obama. And here's Donald Trump, you see for yourself. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's Get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.