
The Trump campaign is not liking this vice President Kamala Harris campaign is out with three new incredible ads, just shredding Donald Trump and reaching out to swing state voters. Now, the first ad, vice President Kamala Harris talks about her plan to secure the border while treating people with dignity. And she talks about how she supports the bipartisan border deal that Donald Trump ragged about killing because Donald Trump wanted to create chaos at the border to run on that. By the way, border crossings are down significantly. Right now even less than when Trump was in office because after Donald Trump killed the bipartisan border deal, president Biden introduced an executive order.


But vice President Kamala Harris is talking about the border and policy in her ads. Get that. She's talking about policy, not Hannibal Lecter and not getting electrocuted or eaten by sharks and not fearmongering. But what are her policies? The issues play the ad. Kamala Harris has spent decades fighting violent crime as a border state prosecutor. She took on drug cartels and jailed gang members for smuggling weapons and drugs across the border as vice president. She backed the toughest border control bill in decades. And as president, she will hire thousands more border agents and crack down on fentanyl and human trafficking.


Fixing the border is tough. So is Kamala Harris. I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message. The next ad by vice President, Kamala Harris that I think is so powerful, talks about her middle class upbringing and her focus on bottom up, middle out economics. While Donald, Trump and MAGA wants to only help the Deca billionaires and deca millionaires and billionaires, she wants to focus on the workers, the backbone of the American economy. And she talks about her roots here, connecting with the American people. Let's play this clip. She grew up in a middle class home. She was the daughter of a working mom, and she worked at McDonald's while she got her degree.


Kamala Harris knows what it's like to be middle class. It's why she's determined to lower healthcare costs and make housing more affordable. Donald Trump has no plan to help the middle class. Just more tax cuts for billionaires. Being president is about who you fight for and she's fighting for people like you. I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message And let's pull out some of the receipts here as well. So here, for example, we showed you the one on the border. Here is Donald Trump bragging about killing the bipartisan border deal. Let me show you this. Play the clip. So on Monday, go vote early voting go vote.


Let's not forget that this week we also had another massive victory that every conservative should celebrate. We crushed crooked Joe Biden's, disastrous open borders Bill Crush. Mike Johnson did a very good job and the whole group did a great job in Congress. We Crushed. Here is James Langford, Republican senator from Oklahoma talking about how great the bipartisan border deal would've been for America. But that Donald Trump and the Republicans killed the bill. Let's play this clip. So Biden, in a rare moment was correct in the things that he was actually laying out in that clip from the State of the Union address.


It would've increased the number of border agents, would've increased the number of asylum officers. It would've radically changed the way that we did actually the process. And here's Donald Trump holding a secret meeting at Mar-a-Lago talking about how there are rich people at Mar-a-Lago. And he's gonna make him a whole hell of a lot richer here. Play this clip. 'cause you are all people that have a lot of money. I know 20 of you and you're rich as hell. We're gonna give you tax cuts. We're gonna pay off our debt. We're gonna do all of the things that We have. Now, the third ad that vice President Kamala Harris made and he is putting out in the swing states, talks about her background being the daughter of immigrant parents. And she talks about how America is a melting pot and how we should always be supporting the American dream.


Here, let's play this one. When you're raised by an immigrant mother, you learn what's possible with the termination. And the termination is how Kamala Harris went from Working in McDonald's to prosecutor State Attorney General, you A senator and our vice president in only one generation. And with that same determination, she Always defended us As a prosecutor. She protected us from violent criminals. As Attorney General, she Beat the banks that kicked families out of their homes As our vice president. She fights for women's reproductive rights every day. And she beat the pharmaceutical companies to lower costs for insulin and prescriptions As our president.


The termination Is how she'll stop the corporations who gouge our families on rent and groceries. And she won't stop fighting Until we win because she knows With the termination, When we fight, we win. I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message. Now, what I love about all of these ads, tell me what you think is that they are focusing on issues as well. That Democrats didn't really focus on that much in the past. And she's leaning into these issues and leaning in with important, with values and principles and talking about the issues. But she's leaning into these issues and letting people know where she stands.


Like one of the things I appreciate about her running mate, her VP pick Governor Tim Walls, for example, is when he's been doing these speeches, he's been talking about, look, he's like, I, like I, I think the Second Amendment should be protected, but that still means we should have common sense gun control. We shouldn't have weapons of war proliferating. We shouldn't have bump stocks proliferating. He's like, look, I am the, I was the top gun at the trap shoot in Congress for three years in a row. He said that he won the best shot in all of Congress. He goes, I've got guns. I'm a hunter. But we need to have common sense gun control. Okay, we shouldn't be fetishizing ar fifteens and weapons.


That's not what real gun owners should be doing. And he's the perfect messenger for that. Watch this clip. And just like Wisconsin over in Minnesota, we believe in the Second Amendment, but we also believe in common sense gun violence laws. And just so you know, when I was in Congress, I was the top gun at the trap shoot, three years in array. I can outshoot 'em too. I can outshoot these guys


Growing up. Cereal is one of the best parts of being a kid. But as I got older, I had to watch out for sugar and empty carbs. Magic Spoon has the amazing flavors you love, but high protein and less sugar. Like with the variety. Pack four flavors are cocoa, fruity, frosted, and peanut butter. This pack has zero grams of sugar, 13 to 14 grams of protein, and four to five grams of net carbs. Only 140 calories of serving. It's high protein has zero grams of sugar. It's keto friendly, gluten-free grain-free. And I'm a sucker for the cocoa cereal personally. And when I have my magic spoon, I always know it's gonna be high quality, fresh, crunchy, and you gotta love that chocolate milk the cereal makes when you're done with your bowl. Go to Magic spoon.com/midas to grab a variety pack and try it today. Be sure to use our promo code Midas at checkout to save five dollars off your order. And Magic Spoon is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 100% happiness guarantee. So if you don't like it for any reason, they'll refund your money. No questions asked. Remember, start your day off right with a delicious bowl of high protein cereal@magicspoon.com slash Midas and use the code Midas, that's M-E-I-D-A-S to save $5 off. Thank you Magic Spoon for sponsoring this episode.


And I think that's so great to hear Governor Walls talk about it. It reminds me of when we had Adrian Fontes, who's now the Secretary of State of Arizona on the show. And when Adrian Fontes was running in the primaries Democrat, he talked about how he was a marksman instructor in the military. And he showed us the book with all of the rules for and and, and the instructions and how you're supposed to handle the military versions, which is basically the same thing as the AR 15. So when you were in the military, here are your rules and your guidelines and instructions, and you had to pass tests. And he was like, how is it that you don't have to pass a test if you're a civilian, but when you're in the military, same weapon.


You have to go through instructions. I thought it was one of the most compelling interviews I've ever done on the Midas Touch Network. But watch how FTE's message is it, and you'll see why he became the Secretary of State of Arizona and why he's being so successful there. Here play this clip. Hey everybody, Adrian Fontis here, Democrat running for Arizona Secretary of State, and I was a marksmanship instructor in the Marine Corps. I taught Marines how to shoot. Why is that important? Because I think there's a lot of people who don't understand what the Second Amendment actually means in context of the whole constitution, right? Right. The confusion is I can just be a militia by myself and a well-regulated militia just means what I want it to mean.


That's not true. It's a hundred percent not true. And I'm gonna use this copy of the Constitution that the League of Women Voters gave me to show you why. Here's what the Second Amendment says. It's really easy. A well-regulated militia being necessary to the security of this free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed. And everybody always says, oh, well that's great. Well, what does militia mean? What does this mean? What does that mean? Well, guess what? Article one, section eight, clause 15 and 16, here's what a militia is for those of you, especially part of the fetishizing gun weapons kind of crowd. Here's what it means. Congress shall have the power to call forth the militia, execute the laws of the union, suppress insurrections and rappel invasions.


The militia in the context of our constitution is enforcing the laws of the union. They work for the government, not against some tyrannical fantasy government that you guys are fetishizing against. That's not what it's supposed to. It says so right here. It also says that the Congress shall have the power to provide for organizing, arming and disciplining the militia. That means you get your militia arms from the government. You don't buy 'em yourself. That's what the Constitution says. Then it goes on to say, and for governing such part of them as may be employed in the service of the United States, reserving to the states respectively, appointment of officers.


So it's a whole unit. There's discipline, there's they arm it. It's organized under Congress's rules, reserving to the states appointment of the officers and the authority of training the militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress. Congress provides the rules for the militia. Congress provides the arms for the militia. Congress calls up the militia. You don't just get to be a militia on your own. And if you look carefully at Heller, you can see that Scalia hedged in his free for all opinion. It is not a free for all. He hedged. He put just the right hedge in there. 'cause he knew that giving everybody a right to have any weapon they want is wrong. And why am I passionate about this? Why do I know about this?


Not just because I'm running for Secretary of State and ran an election in Maricopa County right here in Arizona, but because back when I was in Yuma as an active duty Marine, I was a marksmanship instructor digging through some stuff. I found this manual that I used to use, this giant thick manual that Marines used to train each other on how to fire weapons. I mean, look at this thing. This is what we had to teach Marines. It's a two week course. Marines have to go through this every single year to be qualified to shoot with the, with the, with the M 1682 Service rifle, which is like the AR 15, but an 18-year-old in the United States of America, an 18-year-old doesn't have to go through any of that training, can go grab an AR 15 and do damage like they've done and murder kids in classrooms like they've done, like they continue to do.


It's, it's crazy, you know? And when it comes down to it, sure some of the Democrats have a little blame, Joe Manchin and Ki Sinema. But what about the Republicans like Ted Cruz that are out there blaming doors? What about all of the Republicans who are not standing up doing what their constituents want them to do in their own red states? The kind of regulation that we're talking about, universal background checks, banning assault weapons, these are all very, very popular and none of the Republicans are backing any of that stuff. So you can go out there and say, oh, these two Democrats, it's all of the Republicans. They all need to get on board and do what the American public wants them to do.


I'm Adrian Fontis, I'm running for Secretary of State in Arizona, and this Democrat is not gonna go quietly into the night. We're gonna fight and we're gonna win. So you take that and compare that to what Trump's been saying. When Trump speaks in front of the NRA, he brags and goes, I've done absolutely nothing on guns. That's what you want me to do. I will. I will take no action and I will make sure that there could be guns everywhere. Here play this clip In my second term. We will roll back every Biden attack on the Second Amendment. The attacks are fast and furious starting the minute that crooked Joe shuffles his way out of the White House.


And by the way, since we're talking about, you know, showing you those ads, can I show you? You, have you seen the latest mighta Short? I, it's, I think it's they, our production team did a really good job with it. It's called Hillbilly Felony. Have you seen it? You gotta watch one more time. It's called Hillbilly Felony. And it talks about how a man with no conviction, shady Vans meets Donald. Trump, a man with 34 felony convictions. Here play this clip. I Didn't vote for Trump. The people who are most deranged and most psychotic are people who don't have kids at all. The vice president in terms of the election, does not have any impact. I Didn't come from the elites. He was a nobody.


JD Van's author of Hillbilly Elegy, He came from nothing. I'm a nevertrump guy. I never liked him. You've said idiot. If you voted for him, I didn't vote for Trump. I'm not a Trump supporter. Might Be America's Hitler An idiot and a moral disaster. You've gotta respect the American people enough to just level with him, but Wanted to stand for something. I didn't think he was gonna be a good president, Brett. He was a great president Himself. You Know, Senator, this is an evolution. All of a sudden he decided, not only isn't Trump obnoxious and reprehensible, he's now the greatest president Of his lifetime. JD is kissing my ass. He wants my supports Up from the party with no platform. I'm a never Trump guy. He's the best president of my lifetime.


A man with no convictions, Donald J. Trump, guilty on all counts. And a man with 34 convictions. Ah, I did absolutely nothing wrong In a story about freedom. It was meant to be at least a little bit, okay, Freedom to rig elections, give Votes to all children in this country, but let's give control over those votes to the parents of those children, The freedom to be racist. Now she wants to be known as black. So I don't know, is she Indian or is she black? And the freedom to control women. Roe v. Wade is an abomination. We're effectively run in this country by a bunch of childless cat ladies. The people who are most arranged deranged and most psychotic are people who don't have kids enough. If you don't have as much of an investment in the future of this country, maybe you shouldn't get nearly the same voice.


JD Vance also thinks stepmom's aren't really moms. Women should be staying in marriages, even if they're violent marriages. These Swing voters do not like him. And They do think these weird, no, we're not weird people. We're, we're actually just the opposite From the directors of two fake charities. We've always had a good chemistry jp, right? JD Mandel, it's Hillbilly Felony. I love you guys. I want you, thank you so much for watching. Tell me what you think about these new ads by Vice President Kamala. I thought all three were incredibly well done. I want to get your take on it. And of course, let me know what you think about the Hillbilly Felony short that we did.


Thanks for watching and have a wonderful day. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.