
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request. an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC. In its other markets, terms and conditions apply.


Donald Trump's campaign attacking the Puerto Rican community. Over the weekend at Madison Square Garden has gone from bad to worse for Donald Trump. Puerto Rico's biggest newspaper, Al Nuevo Dia, has now officially endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris. On Tuesday, the paper writes, quote, the hearts of all of us who love this beautiful Garden of America and of the world clench with rage and pain. Puerto Ricans are a noble and peaceful people who deeply love their island. The papers editor wrote, Donald Trump spoke in Allentown, Pennsylvania, where he was greeted by protests from those in the Puerto Rican community who live there.


Also, Latino radio host in Pennsylvania by the name of Victor Martinez went on CNN and he explained that it's over for Donald Trump and the Puerto Rican community. He goes, he doesn't care. Who's gonna claim that the Puerto Ricans are supporting Donald Trump? He said, Donald Trump could have denounced it that night or the next day. Donald Trump refused to do that. He is over here play this clip. I'm wondering, Victor, he, his campaign is going to feature, so w so the, the shadow Senator from Puerto Rico, we've heard reports that other prominent Puerto Ricans are going to be joining him. What do you think about that? What do you know about who else might be going there?


I haven't heard of anyone else being there, but I'll tell you this, none of those people matter. It's all all about number one, until Donald Trump doesn't himself acknowledge the fact that this was wrong. That this is unacceptable, that we will not tolerate this, I don't think, none of that matter. He can bring anybody he wants from Puerto Rico, and I've heard it from my audience. It's too late now. He needed to say something right away that night or the day before or the day after. And he hasn't done it by now. He can bring anybody he wants from Puerto Rico and he's not gonna make a difference. And by the way, here is the Allentown Pennsylvania Mayor on Fox saying that, you know, they're a majority Latino city in Allentown.


And people heard what Donald Trump's campaign called the Puerto Rican community play this clip. So we, I've been out knocking doors in Allentown for the past few months talking about the Harris campaign initially, like a lot of excitement about Vice President Harris. That's been steady. We've had thousands of volunteers here in Allentown out knocking on doors, talking about the Vice President's commitment to working for the people. Not a ton of response related to former President Trump. Now we have this rally in downtown Allentown, but it's coming on the heels of former President Trump saying some pretty violent racist things about the island of Puerto Rico, which is very close to the heart of many of our residents.


Allentown is a majority of Latino city and the majority of our Latino population has its roots in Puerto Rico. So people heard the campaign saying some terrible things about a place that is near and dear to our hearts. And I think that might push people who might have been sitting on the couch out to, to vote and vote for Vice President Harris. Let me, We're getting a lot more data folks about the event. We broke the story earlier yesterday that before the Madison Square Garden rally, Trump announced that the speaker who was up there calling Puerto Rico trash would quote, showcase the MAGA movement.


Trump announced that speaker on his official campaign page. You can see it right there. And Trump said that this would be an individual showcasing the entire MAGA movement. See the name right there. Now what was Donald Trump saying about the event? Did Donald Trump apologize? Did Donald Trump say that that was not representative of his campaign? Nope. Quite the opposite. Earlier yesterday, Donald Trump said that he thought the Madison Square Garden was one of the best events ever. He said it was one of the greatest events. Here's what he said yesterday. Play this clip today. Madison Square Garden on Sunday night and we had 'em all.


That was the greatest evening anyone's seen politically. I mean, Madison Square Garden is really big. It is big and it's beautiful and it's MSG and the Dolan family, Jim Dolan, they were so nice. Yeah, he was speaking from the ho you know, the resort where he lives in and where he goes. I don't think anybody's ever seen anything like what happened the other night. It was like a love fest you just heard him say. And then when he was in Allentown, he repeated that and he said how great the event was. People have never seen something so special here. Play the clip right now today, Madison Square Garden on Sunday night and we had a ball.


That was the greatest evening anyone's seen politically. I mean, Madison Square Garden is really big. It is big and it's beautiful and it's MSG and the Dolan family, Jim Dolan, they were so nice. Now, one of the things that Donald Trump also said at that speech, 'cause he's incapable of apologizing, incapable of showing sympathy. This is the line that he's going with instead of, I'm sorry, it's not representative of the campaign because it is actually representative of the campaign. So he said yesterday morning that he's done more for Puerto Rico than anybody.


No president has done more for Puerto Rico than I have. Here's what he says. Puerto Rico. And I want you to know that Puerto Rico stands behind you and Puerto Rico Loves you. Thank you. Well, we love it. I, I know it very well and we helped you through a lot of bad storms. I'll tell you, we had some really bad ones. You remember you were there when I brought the hospital ship against everyone's advice and we got it in there and took care of a lot of people. But I think no president's done more for Puerto Rico than I have. So thank you. That's really nice of you to say. Appreciate it. Thank you Mary.


Alright, let's talk about NAD plus. It's an every living cell in your body and it helps keep you young by repairing damage, detoxifying, and giving you energy. But between age 20 and 50, your NAD plus levels are cut in half. No wonder we start feeling older, more tired, and less vibrant. But here's the good news, Qualia, NAD plus makes it easy. To boost YOUR NAD plus levels by 74%. It's a simple supplement that's vegan, gluten-free non GMO, and packed with ingredients to help you feel at your peak longer into life. Quaia NAD plus contains the most powerful NAD plus precursors like niacin, niacinamide, and nigen. These ingredients are clinically tested. To boost YOUR, NAD plus levels, and quality N NAD plus has many other holistic ingredients that support all major aspects of n nad plus production in your body. Plus it's doctor formulated. So you know, it's the real deal. I've been using quality NAD plus since they sent it to me. And the difference is huge. I actually feel energized, awake, and ready to take on the day. I had no idea how much my low nad plus was dragging me down. To boost YOUR NAD plus levels by up to 74%. Go to quality of life.com/ Jordy for up to 50% off and use code Jordy at checkout. That's J-O-R-D-Y at checkout for an additional 15% off. That's quality of life.com/ Jordy, J-O-R-D-I for 15% off your purchase thanks to Qualia for sponsoring today's episode.


I mean, and again, you know, which is just such an obvious lie, Donald Trump intentionally withheld hurricane aid to Puerto Rico. He talked about selling Puerto Rico selling it. He went there and threw chucked paper towels at people. And then at Allentown, during Donald Trump's event as well, he repeated that same line over and over again and he said, no one's done as anything as good for Puerto Rico as as him, nobody close. He says, here, let me show you this. Let's play it. You know, it's interesting because I've done more for Puerto Rico than any president by far.


Nobody close. I provided historic funding and the hospital ship when we had, they were hit with a couple of really bad ones right in the road. We got Should be noted too that Donald Trump also himself repeats the garbage can line. That's like his favorite line. He says, America is a garbage can for the world here. Donald Trump is saying that let's play it Brought to the United States of America and dumped like we're a U, like we're a garbage can. Like we're a garbage can. And here he is at the event he held in Allentown, Pennsylvania saying the same thing. We're a giant garbage can. Again, referring to America like a giant garbage can play this clip.


It's like I said this, the press gave me a hard time. And this one they said it was very just, no, I don't think it's just, it's like we're a giant garbage can. That's what They, here's what Nikki Haley had to say on Fox. She said, yeah, it's probably not a good idea to call Puerto Rico an island of garbage at the end of the campaign. Here play this clip. Do you think that moves the needle? I think it's harmful. I mean, look, there's no reason to have a comedian at a, an election campaign event that had so much energy and so many good issues. Why have a comedian that separates people?


This isn't about people being sensitive. I mean, Puerto Ricans, that's personal for them. They take that personally. So he, You know when you see a correlation too, of the excitement surrounding Vice President Kamala Harris's campaign, here's over 75,000 Americans turning out for Vice President Kamala Harris. Just look at the energy in her DC speech. Let's play it. Thank you, thank you, Thank you, thank you, thank you everyone. So listen, You see the energy right there? I wanna show you this as well. A, a lot of very prominent Puerto Ricans are speaking out.


A lot of prominent Latinos are speaking out, right? You had bad bunny, Jennifer Lopez, Ricky Martin, Becky G. Here is John Zamo. Here's what he has to say right here, here, Play the clip. Look if you're Latino or Puerto Rican and, and you heard that disgusting, despicable abomination un or what that guy said at that hate rally for Trump. And don't gimme that bs. You didn't know what he was saying. How did you put in the teleprompter then? How'd you hire him? Huh? On what credentials? This is bs. Look, the only way to get back at Trump for this. 'cause we know this is the real him.


Remember when he threw the paper towels at those Puerto Rico after Maria, the Hurricane Maria? That was horrific. I was so disgusted by his attitude. And we all, new Yorkers know how he, he thinks about Latinos. We know what he thinks, especially Puerto Ricans. He's always had a deep hatred. We know that for a fact. US New Yorkers, Latinos, okay, New York knows. So you know how you get back at him by voting against him. Vote for Kamala. Heard him where it really hurts at the ballot. Vote against Trump. Here's a Puerto Rican veteran. E Emmanuel Cruz from Puerto Rico served our country courageously.


Here's what he has to say. Play this clip. Army, Marines, contract combat force, Iraq, Afghanistan. So there you have it, folks. I want to get your view what you think below, and I'd love to hear from you what you've done to try to help convince people to vote early.


Have you convinced any independents or Republicans or just people who are not going to vote to vote? Tell me in the comments. Also, if this news has influenced your decision, who you are voting for, I'd love to hear from you if you are undecided or if you are Puerto Rican and you are going to vote one way, but now you're supporting Vice President Kamala Harris. And if you know people in the Puerto Rican community, share that with me in the comments. They always love to learn from you and hear your stories too. So help educate me as well. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe and let's get to four million subscribers. We appreciate all of your support. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.