
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% Off terms apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G. PT, What do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days at receipt Restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER


Dr. Power equipment has given homeowners the power to do more with powerful field and brush mowers, capable of clearing acres of grass and brush trimmers that deliver up to five times more power than any ordinary handheld model. And chippers that turn nuisance brush piles into beneficial mulch. Start doing more this season with equipment from Dr. Power. Visit dr power.com today and shop the sale.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantisx X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, and you could be next with Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


Do more with up to five times more power, more versatility, and more features than any ordinary handheld trimmer. When you upgrade to a Dr. Trimmer mower from Dr. Power Equipment featuring all steel frames, an adjustable handlebar, oversized wheels, and the strongest trimmer cord on the market, a Dr. Trimmer lets you easily mow everywhere. A bladed mower can't. Visit dr power.com today and shop the sale.


Donald Trump is not taking Any questions from the press. He basically ran away and avoided the press as he was going to his golf course in Bedminster to play more golf and vacation on the taxpayer dime. Of course, reporters wanted to ask Donald Trump about Elon Musk saying that Trump's Department of Justice is intentionally covering up the Epstein files for Donald Trump because Trump is all over the Epstein list and all over the files. Also, Elon Musk called for Donald Trump's impeachment. Elon Musk also said that Donald Trump would never have been elected if it wasn't for Elon Musk.


Let me show you what went down when Fox was trying to ask Donald Trump a question. You'll see Fox and other media going to Donald Trump to ask questions. Trump kind of avoids them and kind of hides for them. Gets in the car as he goes to play golf at Bedminster on the taxpayer dime. Here, watch this Drew's where he is now. He's now going to board Air Force one fly to his golf club at Bedminster to spend the weekend there. Let's see if the president, no, it doesn't look like he's gonna stop and talk to reporters. It looks like he is getting inside his vehicle. Let's see. I don't think we're gonna get him to talk to to us, unfortunately.


But anyway, he's gonna be boarding it looks like he got inside his vehicle. Maybe they're gonna motorcade there rather than flyer force one. Now, what Donald Trump did instead was he called Corporate news and they laundered his talking points for him. He called C-B-S-C-N-N and A BC and he basically gave reporters there the exact same message and they basically reposted it almost like doing a press release for Donald Trump. It's really, frankly gross. You have Jonathan Carl at a BC. He fortuitously got a phone call from Donald Trump and here's how ABC's, Jonathan Carl frames the issue and a phone conversation this morning.


Donald Trump told me Elon Musk is quote, the man who has lost his mind. Trump did not however seem angry or even concerned about the feud as for reports that there is going to be a Trump must call scheduled for today. Trump told me he is quote, not particularly interested in talking to Musk, although he says Musk wants to talk to him. Then to Robert Costa from CBS in a phone conversation. President Trump told me he is moving forward with his presidency today and quote, totally focused on policy matters, not must shrugged off the feud, brought up the economy, which he cast in a positive light quote. That's all I focus on Trump said of the presidency. I do not focus on anything else.


While Donald Trump was speaking to Robert Costa, Donald Trump was reposting Roger Stone, far right wing extremist who says it's time to put President Trump on Mount Rushmore. Congresswoman Anna Paulina Luna has sponsored the legislation to put our 45th and 47th president on this national monument. So sure, Robert Costa, Jonathan Carl, and I'll show you in a moment what Dana bashed. Donald Trump's just so focused on the economy. I mean, last weekend he was saying that former President Biden was secretly executed and that a robot was actually in place of former President Biden stop normalizing and sane washing the crap that we are dealing with.


But notice, I mean, Donald Trump has sued CBS. He's in a lawsuit with CBS right now, which owns 60 minutes, right? He sued A, B, C and settled with A, B, C and take a look also. And he's sued CNN before. This is what Dana Bash says. I just got off the phone with President Trump. He told me he's quote, not even thinking about Elon, he's got a problem. The poor guy has got a problem. Do you notice the exact same talking points to A B, CCBS and CNN as? He's not taking questions as he's going to Bedminster, which by the way, scored a 32 of 100 from the health inspector in the county, like the lowest possible score with 18 separate violations.


You know, notably, as Donald Trump's been avoiding speaking to the press about this and really since what last Friday, he's really been kind of in hiding and avoiding the press. He did do the Frederick Mers Oval Office presser, which was a total disaster. But other than that, he's really been just kind of golfing, vacationing, avoiding the press. So while this was all going on and, and Elon was, you know, going after Donald Trump and saying, impeach Trump and saying, I got Trump elected. It wasn't for me, wouldn't be elected. Trump's all over the Epstein files. And Musk was posting Epstein videos showing Donald Trump partying with Epstein as well.


FBI, director Cash Patel, who was a former right-wing podcast host. He was on Rogan. And I want you to watch the interaction where Rogan asked Patel. Patel has the files and many believe it's Patel and Bondi are the ones who are covering up the Epstein files because Trump's name is all over it. And Patel was freaked out when Rogan asked Patel, I want you to watch this. This Is gonna come up 'cause it's been going on since we've been recording here. Oh, Elon and Trump seem to be in a little bit of a spat. Joe, you wanna check the tweet that Elon just put out a little bit ago? Time to drop the really big bomb Donald Trump is in the Epstein files. That's the real reason. They have not been made public. Have a nice day.


Jesus Christ. I'm not participating in any of that conversation between Elon Trump. Have a nice day. DJD. So much day gets thrown away. They're going back and forth about different things and yeah, Listen, Mike, well, he said he was disappointed in Elon. Yeah, I told him to leave. Jesus Christ. That's a crazy thing to say. How does he know? Does he know that Donald Trump is in the Epstein files? I mean, does he have access to the Epstein files? I'm just, I don't know how he would, but I'm just staying out of the Trump Elon thing that's way outside my Lane. What the fuck are they doing? That's, I know my lane and that ain't There. I just don't, I mean, I understand he owns Twitter. I think it's bad for your mental health. I think posting things public all day and arguing with people all day is bad for you.


Well, you raise a great point. Sorry to cut you off. Go ahead. Half of what we have to respond to are is the Click Army on social media. And Again, in the absence of Donald Trump saying anything and avoiding the press and running away, here's far right wing influencer and Trumper Charlie Kirk, this is how they're trying to spin Trump being in the Epstein files here, play this Clip. Now, 10 years later, we're supposed to believe that there's gonna be a smoking gun of something in the Epstein files. But what is in the Epstein files is, yes, president Donald Trump has probably mentioned, he was mentioned in the Epstein file dump back in February. You know why he lived in Palm Beach? There's probably thousands of names in the Epstein files.


Was he part of the Epstein client list? Absolutely not. That is complete nonsense. But to say that Donald Trump is not releasing the Epstein files because he's in them in some incriminating way, yes, it's very clear that if you live in Palm Beach, you might've been mentioned and caught up in some sort of conversation with Jeffrey Epstein, And then Charlie Kirk tries to kind of give advice to Donald Trump as well. Like he goes, I, I just think you should largely ignore, be the better person at this point, and maybe it will all go Away. Let's talk about the, the perspective here of where we as a movement go next.


Is it best to largely ignore this? I think that's probably best. We kind of have the up dust up again. This alternatively could have been like a two week feud and it still might be, but like again, when you accuse someone of being in the Epstein files. Oh, and they also want him to be impeached, right? Is that right? Yeah. Okay. Interestingly though, he might still be pro JD because he was like, I want Trump replaced with jd. So whatever


Long work weeks and busy weekends can leave you feeling and looking depleted. Pro prolongs five day fasting mimicking diet works at the cell dealer level to rejuvenate you from the inside out, providing real results. And now they're upping their game with the new Next Gen five day program, delivering the same science-backed benefits in a cleaner, more convenient and more flavorful format. ProLon is a plant-based nutrition program featuring soups, snacks, and beverages designed to nourish the body while keeping it in a fasting state, triggering cellular rejuvenation and renewal. NextGen builds on the original ProLon with 100% organic soups and teas, a richer taste and ready to eat meals developed over decades. At uscs Longevity Institute and backed by top US Medical Centers, ProLon has been shown to support biological age reduction, metabolic health, skin appearance, fat loss, and energy. Now I did the five day program and I feel so much better now. I can't wait to experience ProLon NextGen and continue to see results. For a limited time, you can be first in line to experience the new next gen at special savings. ProLon is offering the Midas Touch Podcast listeners 15% off site-wide, plus a $40 bonus gift when you subscribe to their five day program. Just visit ProLon life.com/midas. That's P-R-O-L-O-N-L-I-F e.com/midas to claim your 15% discount and your bonus gift ProLon life.com/midas.


You know, now notably, remember I showed you what a, B-C-C-B-S and CNN were saying. Let me show you what Fox was saying as well. So you can see literally there's really no difference anymore between those networks and Fox. Here is Kaylee McEnany, who's Donald Trump's former press secretary, giving basically the same talking points on air that I just read from you, from CBSC and an A BC as Trump was running away from the press and hiding play this clip, We bring you some breaking news this time from Brett Bear who just spoke to President Trump on the phone. He reflected on Elon Musk, and here's what Bre learned in that phone call.


Trump is not interested in talking to Elon. Trump is not worried about threats of a third party. Now that comes because Elon Musk tweeted this. He put up a poll and he said, it is time to create a new political party in America that actually represents the 80% in the middle. He asked that as a question of his followers. So he asked about a potential third party. President Trump says he's not worried to Brett Bear. President Trump also pointed to his favorable polls and his strong support among Capitol Hill Republicans. Noteworthy Elon Musk called for constituents to call congressmen and women. Whether those calls have materialized, I've seen reports that they have not. Would also note underscoring President Trump's point, he's ahead in the real clear politics average of Obama and Bush at this point in the second term.


And finally, a direct quote from Brett Bear, Trump, president Trump, the quote from President Trump is this. Elon has totally lost it. So more on that feud as the day progresses. But for now, Fox. Now again, while all of this was going on as well, you had one of Trump's top advisors, Peter Navarro, go on Fox Business and Maria Bar Roma said, Hey, when are you gonna be announcing these deals? Like, what, what, what's going on here at play this clip? Are you expecting more trade deals in the near term? Because Peter, we keep hearing that, you know, India could be next, and the the EU is doing this fast tracking.


When are we gonna have more deals to, to talk about in terms of tariff deals? Back me Up on that. Well, the United States Trade Representative building, I, I know if you've ever been over there, it's right across the street, this historic building that played a really important role in the Civil War. But it looks more like a deli now, where you go in and you get your number and you stand in line and, and you do that. So you can negotiate with Jameson Greer, the USTR and Howard Lutnick, the Secretary of Commerce. And that's where we're, what we're doing, we're we, we've got a formula and a template. We go through five different verticals to make sure the American people are protected and we will have deals.


It, it takes time. Usually it takes months and years in this administration. It's gonna take more like days. We're on task and on target. And at the end of the day, you know what we want, Maria, all we want is fairness. We have the highest tariffs facing us in the world and the highest trade barriers. It's, it's not a China problem, it's a world problem. And we're, we're gonna fix it. 'cause that's what President Trump does. All Right, Pete. Now here is something that Trump posted moments ago as well. He made this post from David s Schone, who I believe represented Trump in, in other matters before. But here's what David s Schone said. He goes, I was hired to lead Jeffrey Epstein's defense as his criminal lawyer for nine days before he died.


He sought my advice for months before that I can say authoritatively and unequivocally and definitively that he had no information to hurt President Trump. I specifically asked him, That's Kind of suspicious. I mean, you were with him, you were the criminal lawyer who was there nine days before he died. And notice he doesn't say that I was his lawyer months before that. I mean, it says over here. He sought my advice for months before that. Again, I'm not clear if he was or wasn't the lawyer months before that, then, then just, then just release the files then, then just release the files.


But I'll tell you what, here at the Midas Touch Network, I had the opportunity to ask Michael Wolf who spoke with Epstein and Wolf tells me that he's got a, his author, Michael Wolf Epstein wanted an autobiography written on him in case something happened to him. Wolf was debating whether or not he was gonna write the autobiography. So they spoke in the context of Epstein speaking to Michael Wolf and giving him information. And we, we have those audio recordings I played you before. So here's what author Michael Wolf told me when I interviewed him here, play this clip. And, And he sat for many, many hours of discussion with, with me. I mean, certainly, certainly 80, 90, probably a hundred hours I have of Epstein on tape.


And, and one of the discussions, because this was occurring, Trump became the president in, in 2017, I began writing, writing about, about Trump. And so we spent a lot of time talking about Donald Trump and Epstein's relationship with, with, with Trump, which was went on for a good, certainly 15 years and was incredibly close. They were, I, you know, each other's closest friend for a very long time. And Epstein, you know, I think Epstein is one of those people who truly knew Donald Trump, knew many secrets about Donald Trump and was threatening to Donald Trump.


A very different story. But Trump seems to be scared running away from the press. We'll keep you posted every step of the way here, but this story has legs and that's why we've been covering it every day, very diligently here at the Midas Touch Network. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


E-commerce business owners know what successful business keeps customers happy. That's why smart retailers use ShipStation. Turn shoppers into loyal customers with cheaper, faster, and better shipping. Manage all your orders and returns in one place and Save up to 90% on rates from all the global carriers. Go to shipstation.com/program to sign up for your free trial. No credit card required and you can cancel anytime. That's shipstation.com/program.