
Hey, I am Ryan Reynolds. Recently I asked Mint Mobile's legal team if big wireless companies are allowed to raise prices due to inflation. They said yes, and then when I asked if raising prices technically violates those onerous to your contracts, they said, what the fuck are you talking about? You insane Hollywood? So to recap, we're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at Mint mobile.com/switch, $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees, extra speeds, lower above 40 gigabytes C details.


If you've had that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science backed Language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The new year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration Specialists will fix it. Guaranteed Or your money back resolve. To make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's S goals. With LifeLock, Save up to 40% your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply


From the first whistle to the final drive. FanDuel takes the NFL playoffs to the next level because right now, new customers can bet $5 and get 300 bucks in bonus bets if you win. That's $300 in bonus bets. If you win your first $5 bet, the FanDuel app gives you everything you need for live bets, same game parlays, and so much more. Plus, when you win, you'll get paid instantly. Just visit FanDuel dot com slash bet big to join today and get started with $300 in bonus bets. That's F-A-N-D-U-E l.com/bet Big. Make this playoff season unforgettable with FanDuel. An official sports book partner of the NFL must be 21 and up in present in select states for Kansas in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 and up and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5 First deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal Bonus bets which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Call 1 8 8 8 7 8 9 77 77 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or visit MD gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 support in Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny or text HOPE NY in New York.


The president of Panama is striking back hard against Donald Trump after Donald Trump stated at his inauguration back hard against Donald Trump. After Donald Trump stated at his inauguration speech that he wants to quote, take back Panama, essentially saying that he wants to use United States military force to conquer the sovereign nation of Panama. So Panama's President Jose Raul Molina said the following, on behalf of the Republic of Panama and its people I must reject in its entirety, the words expressed by President Donald Trump regarding Panama and its canal and his inaugural address.


I reiterate what I expressed in my message to the nation on December 22nd. The canal is and will continue to be Panamas and its administration will continue to be under Panamanian control with respect to its permanent neutrality. There is no presence of any nation in the world that interferes with our administration. The canal was not a concession from anyone. It was the result of generational struggles that culminated in 1999 as a result of the TOS Carter Treaty. And since then, until now for 25 years without interruption, we have managed and expanded it responsibly to serve the world and its commerce, including the United States.


We will exercise the right that protects us, the legal basis of the treaty, the dignity that distinguishes us, and the strength that international law gives us as the ideal way to manage relations between countries and above all, between Allied and friendly countries as demonstrated by history and our actions. With respect to the United States, dialogue is always the way to clarify the points mentioned without undermining our right total sovereignty and ownership of our canal. Jose Raul Molina, president of the Republic of Panama.


And while Fox and other Trump propaganda networks are out there looking like those Russia state TV networks like Jesse Waters saying, Donald Trump said during his inauguration speech, he wants to take back Panama. It's the most excited I've ever been in my entire life. That's from Jesse Waters who reminds me of that Hunger Games reporter. The people of Panama are pissed. Just in the past 24 hours, mass protests at the United States Embassy and throughout Panama City have broken out protesting the United States of America with people from Panama spitting on the United States flag, burning the flag and saying that the United States of America needs to stay the hell out of Panama.


The people of Panama are pissed as Donald Trump is destroying America's relationship there destroying our relationship with Mexico, destroying America's relationship with Central America, with South America, with Europe, with our allies. But Donald Trump did say that he really likes Kim Jong-Un on his inauguration. Donald Trump said that he's talking to Kim Jong-Un about building condos in North Korea. How utterly pathetic is that? Here were protesters in Panama in the past 24 hours burning the US flag and vowing to defend against any Trump led invasion. Play this clip.


By the way, here is some union members part of this protest saying neither Trump nor others nor their army have anything to do in Panama. You'll see right here more, very, very, very serious images of what the people of Panama are doing in response to Donald Trump's ridiculously offensive speech. Here play this clip.


Are You ready to jumpstart your health in 2025? Well, let me tell you about a game changing tool that's been helping me understand and improve my body. It's called Lumen. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach designed to give you insights into your metabolism like never before with just a breath. It measures whether your body is burning fats or carbs, and the app provides tailored guidance to optimize your nutrition, workouts, sleep, and even stress management. Here's how it works. Every morning you breathe into lumen and it tells you what's happening with your metabolism. From there, it gives you a personalized nutrition plan for the day so you can fuel your body the right way. You could even use it before and after workouts or meals to get real-time insights into how your body is responding and adjust your habits accordingly. It's super cool. Your metabolism is the engine that powers your body. It's how you turn the food you eat into the energy you need. That's why optimizing your metabolic health can have such wide reaching benefits, easier weight management, more energy, better fitness results, improve sleep and more. And for those navigating hormonal changes, lumen even adjusts its recommendations to help you maintain a healthy metabolism through life's natural shifts. I've been using Lumen to better understand my body and the results have been eye-opening. Knowing whether I'm burning fat or carbs has helped me to make smarter choices about what I eat. And when I exercise, it's not about the quick fixes, it's about making informed decisions that align with my goals and lifestyle. Take the next step in improving your health. Go to lumen.me/midas to get 20% off your Lumen. That's LUME n.me/medas for 20% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode and helping us all take control of our health in 2025.


Folks, just a little bit of history too on Panama, a few things. First and foremost, Donald Trump, his big complaint is that there's Donald Trump lies and says, China owns the canal now and China's running the canal. That's not true. China is very influential in Panama, though they have historical ties together. But setting that aside, diplomatic relationships between Beijing and Panama were established during the first Trump administration during a very weak international policy from Donald Trump. Then, so Trump's whole complaint that China built this official foothold, Panama was recognizing or recognized Taiwan up until 2017, and then it broke off relations with Taiwan in favor of Beijing during right around June of 2017 when Trump was in office.


Then in December of 2018, Xi Jingping took a visit to Panama, an official state visit again while Trump was in office, and then billions of dollars were invested, was invested in Panama by China building relations China, saying that they respect Panama's sovereignty. And as part of the Silk Road two, the Silk Road two by China, they are extending investments in South American country, essential American countries, and throughout the world as a form of diplomacy.


It should be noted, just a quick fact, check on the things that Donald Trump says, the US did not lose 38,000 people building the Panama Canal. China does not control the canal. US is not ripped off by ca, by the canal tolls. Panama is not violating any treaty. As Shiley Tami says, it took only a few days after Trump's remark for this joke to start circulating among China specialists. Question, what does Xi Jingping feel when Trump starts talking about conquering Panama and Greenland? Answer hungry for Taiwan, when Trump uses this rhetoric, it legitimate rhetoric, it legitimizes Xi Jinping's desire to take over Taiwan.


It legitimizes it shouldn't legitimize, but it makes Vladimir Putin's statements about taking over Ukraine and the sovereignty of other nations go, well, Trump's talking about doing it with Greenland, Canada, Mexico, Panama, all of these countries. So we're just doing what Donald Trump's doing. It's why it creates this great instability in the world. By the way, Donald Trump's first day, 24 hours passed while he praises Kim Jong-un, while he threatens to conquer Panama. No peace in Ukraine. I mean, wasn't the whole thing that these MAGA is trying to say is, oh, Donald Trump, he's gonna stop World War iii.


No, he's not. He's gonna be the bad guy in World War iii. He's going to start it. What are you talking about? And Donald Trump's was not talking about peace. He was talking about conquering Panama, a sovereign nation in his inauguration speech. Now the no talk about healthcare, no talk about unions, no talk about workers, no talk about lowering prices, no talk about inflation other than Donald Trump saying yesterday that he didn't think inflation's really a big issue. Trump says the biggest issue is people from mental institutions coming in, which I don't know what he is talking about. He says, but man, inflation's not really a big deal.


I wanna show you this clip right here. It's our buddy Corey Hargraves, a former army sniper who did two tours in Iraq. And Corey Hargraves has a message to these MAGA supporters who are apparently now supporting Donald Trump wanting to conquer Panama. And what Hargrave says is Trump's gonna send poor Americans, young Americans what to die in wars against our allies. And this is coming from an ex-army sniper who knows about battle. Here's what Corey Hargraves has to say, play this clip. Nobody with the last name Trump has ever served in uniform in 150 years.


John McCain was in a POW camp for six years in Vietnam, being he, he was tortured for six years and he came home and, and he was mocked by a rich, spoiled brat who was born with a silver spoon in his mouth. Because families, families like Trump don't sacrifice their lives or the lives of their children. They convince poor people to sacrifice their life on behalf of them. And in a perfect world, like I understand that that's the, the way that this has to go.


But it, when we're talking about going to war with allies, it's just, it's insane to me. It's, I have no idea how we, how I am surviving as a veteran, where we're not talking about North Korea as our enemy. We're not talking about Russia, who is fighting Ukraine, who wants to join nato. We're not talking about that. One of our public enemy. Number one, we're talking about going to war with our fucking allies. And just so you recall as well, the president of Mexico, Claudia Scheinbaum, several weeks ago, she came out with very strong statements in support of Panama's sovereignty saying The Panama Canal belongs to Panamanians only here play this clip Panama.


And by The way, Donald Trump managed to basically offend everyone when he was asked about Latin American countries and Brazil. He goes, we really don't need them. They need us much more than we need them. Everybody needs us. He says, Donald Trump went on to say that with respect to Gaza, not our war, it's their war. I'm not confident that there will continue to be a ceasefire there. That's what he says there. And then he thought that Spain was part of the bricks block, part of the European Union. The bricks block is Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa, and a bunch of other nations as well that are joining.


Maybe Spain and others will start, and Mexico may join the bricks block if Trump keeps behaving this way, making China feel like a more reliable ally than the United States of America. But yeah, Donald Trump said that Spain's part of the bricks block and he wants to tariff Spain.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today.