
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms. Apply


Parents of tweens if you're familiar with far off drop-offs. Dad, stop, stop, stop Right here. Or get DMS about what's for dinner. You may be experiencing tween milestones for your son or daughter. These can start at age nine HPV vaccination, A type of cancer prevention against certain HPV related Cancers can start then too For most HPV clears on its own. But for those who don't clear the virus, it can cause certain cancers later in life. Embrace This phase. Help protect them in the next ask Their doctor today about HPV vaccination. Brought to you by Merck.


Home means something different to everyone, but with Rocket Mortgage Home can mean even more. It can mean a college education taming your high interest debt. Even a renovation, we've made it easier than ever to use your home equity. That home you work so hard for now, it can work hard for you. Call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com to find out more. Rocket Mortgage, LLC licensed in all 50 states and mls. Consumer access.org number 30 30


Vacations will never be the same. Welcome to the theme parks of Universal Orlando Resort with spectacular hotels and more universal Orlando offers an entire week of vacation. Awesome. Visit universal orlando.com.


Tell me what happened is a podcast series that shares dramatic stories of people helping people, and every one of them is true. These uplifting stories will fill you with hope. Listen today to tell me what happened.


Donald Trump's chief propagandist, his press secretary Caroline Levitt, just snapped during a disastrous press conference when she was asked about Donald Trump traveling to the Middle East and meeting with Many of the countries and sovereign wealth funds that he has personal business interest with who have enriched him to the tune of about $4 billion. Here play this clip. You, you Noted he is a successful businessman. Do you know if the president has any plans to, to meet with any of the folks involved with any of the, the family businesses over there or see any of the sites that are gonna be Not to my knowledge, and let me just get to the premise of your question that both of you have raised. I think it's frankly ridiculous that anyone in this room would even suggest that President Trump is doing anything for his own benefit.


He left a life of luxury and a life of running a very successful real estate empire for public service, not just once, but twice. And again, the American public reelected him back to this White House because they trust he acts in the best interest of our country and putting the American public first. This is a president who has actually lost money for being president of the United States. I don't remember these same type of questions being asked of my predecessor about a career politician who was clearly profiting off of this office. That is not what President Trump does. And this White House holds ourselves to be highest of ethical standards. Oh, yes, Caroline Levitt. It would be ridiculous for anybody in the room to dare question Donald Trump's motivations.


Or we could come with receipts. Caroline, like, I don't know, Donald Trump doing a deal with Qatar for a Trump resort there. Donald Trump doing a deal with Saudi Arabia for a resort in Oman, the Abu Dhabi fund, using Donald Trump's crypto for $2 billion worth of purchases. I could go on, but I think we all get the point. Then. Caroline Levitt, Donald Trump's chief propagandist attacks the librarian of Congress, who Donald Trump unlawfully fired and basically says that she was woke and DEI, and that's why she had to go and be fired. Even though Donald Trump doesn't have the authority to unilaterally fire the Librarian of Congress. Here play this clip Question. The president fired the Librarian of Congress.


Why did he choose to do that? We felt she did not fit the deans of the American people. There were quite concerning things that she had done at the Library of Congress in the pursuit of DEI and putting inappropriate books in the library for children. And we don't believe that she was serving the interest of the American taxpayer. Well, so she has been removed from her position and the President as well within his rights to do that. And by the way, it should be noted that Dr. Carla Hayden, who's the 14th Librarian of Congress, was Senate confirmed in 2016 during Donald Trump's first administration. She's the first female librarian of Congress. She's the first African American librarian of Congress, and she's the first actual librarian, librarian of Congress.


But for Donald Trump, anyone who supports education, anybody who supports diversity, that makes you woke and you've got to go Next up, the Bulwark reporter who's in the Oval Office asks a question about Donald Trump continuing to post about meme coins. And do you think that's a conflict of interest? Here's what Donald Trump's chief Propagandas, Caroline Levitt says about that. Let's play the clip For having me, Caroline, the president posted another ad this week for his Trump meme coin. The group that's running that coin is encouraging people to buy in order to win a dinner this month with the president. Why is the president planning to attend a dinner for the top investors in this coin? Look, the president is abiding by all conflict of interest laws.


The President has been incredibly transparent with his own personal financial obligations throughout the years. The president is a successful businessman, and I think frankly, it's one of the many reasons that people reelected him back to this office. There Are at least some people who are buying this coin who seem to view it as an opportunity to influence the president's views. There was a logistics company this week that said they would buy $20 million in the coin in order to advocate for free trade between the US and Mexico. If buyers are buying for that reason, are they they wasting their Money? Look, I can assure you, the President acts with only the interests of the American public in mind, putting our country first and doing what's best for our country. Full stop. That's his intention and that's what he's focused on. Yeah, Chris? Oh, so you just think that's normal, Caroline, that Donald Trump makes posts that if you have the 22 largest crypto wallets filled with the Trump mean coin, you get to personally meet with Donald Trump.


You don't find it abnormal that Donald Trump runs pump and dump like schemes. At least that's my opinion of what it appears to be, which by the way, is what he's doing with our economy as well. We're supposed to normalize United States presidents selling freaking meme coins and access from the Oval Office while y'all were ranting about whatever you were upset about with Hunter Biden. I mean, seriously, that's what we're, that's, that's where we're at with this. Oh, and by the way, just a stat for you on the Trump meme coins, there were only 55 crypto wallets, or like people who actually made money from Trump's meme coin while there was 747,000 who lost money?


Who got the rug pulled from this pro Ponzi scheme? Perpetual perennial fraudster presidency. The next time, the next question a reporter asked Caroline Levitt about the Trump regime dismantling the consumer PR product safety Commission play this clip, Caroline, yesterday, the administration appears to have started dismantling the Consumer Product Safety Commission. This is the federal agency, an independent one that does recalls and is responsible for product safety. Does the administration not believe that it's important, you know, to keep toys and cribs? I mean, you're a young mom off of the product of the market.


It's a federal agency within which branch? It's the executive branch who's the head of the executive branch, the president of the United States Congress. He has the right to fire people within the executive branch. It's a pretty simple answer. Francesca. Oh, as we wrote on the Midas Touch Network, oh, dismantling the agency that coordinates, recalls. What could possibly go wrong with that? I, I don't know. I don't know. Ridiculous. Okay, next, then we have here next clip. We have a reporter asking Caroline Levitt about, so does Donald Trump intend to have a 10% baseline tariff no matter what on the United Kingdom?


'cause Trump announced some like fake trade deal with the uk. So is it a, is, is there always going to be 10% or, and then Caroline Levitt responds, oh, it's gonna be 10 per no matter what. Every country in the world will get tariff. 10% is what Donald Trump intends to do. But obviously we know when Trump says he intends to do something, he doesn't really do it here, play this clip being That the 10% baseline is going to still be there At the end when all of the other details are ironed out. The president Is committed to the 10% baseline tariff, not just for the United Kingdom, but for his trade negotiations with all other countries as well. Permanently, Even after the deals are done like that is going to remain, The President is determined to continue with that 10% baseline tariff.


I just spoke to him about it earlier,


So I'm really looking forward to Mother's Day this year. It's gonna be a very special day. It's always a special day, but it's extra special this year because my wife Sochi just became a mom to our beautiful baby girl Jimena, who's seven months old, and my mom, who just became a grandma's, gonna get to spend the day with us as well. And I got Sochi and my mom the best gift. But sh, don't tell 'em what it is. I'm just gonna tell you. I got them an Aura Digital picture frame where I was able to load some of the best memories from the past seven months of my mom's granddaughter and my wife's daughter, Jimena, and all of us together. Normally these photos would just be on my phone and I wouldn't know what to do with them. But now with this Aura Digital picture frame, they get to display it at their house or in their living room or wherever, and they get to, you know, see these photos that I've personally curated for them. Aura Frames was named the best digital photo frame by Wirecutter. It's featured in 495 gift guides from last year. So the next time you need to call your mom, you can also send her a new pic of you from that trip you've been telling her all about right from your phone. Aura has a great Mother's Day deal. For a limited time, listeners of our podcast can save on the perfect gift by visiting Aura frames.com to get $35 off plus free shipping on their bestselling carver mat frame. That's a URA frames.com. The promo code is Midas support the show by mentioning us at checkout terms and conditions apply. That's Aura frames.com and use that promo code Midas.


Next up, Caroline Levitt, chief propagandist for the White House is asked whether Donald Trump intends to in any, what are these conversations with China gonna be like? Donald Trump like randomly posted. I like 80%. Remember Donald Trump said, I'd like the number 80% for tariffs with China. I mean, as Donald Trump toys with and tries to manipulate the market, oh, they didn't do a great job manipulating the market on Friday, although before he did, I just think that people are like, what's really going on here? Is there going to be a deal that's gonna happen with China? And by a deal? Basically, you as the arsonist putting somewhat out your fire and just watch what's said right here by Chief Propaganda, Caroline Levitt.


Let's play this clip. Thanks, Caroline. The president has been pretty firm on keeping these 145% tariffs in place on Chinese imports today via true social. He said that he'd be possibly open to lowering those to 80%. Why the change? And how did the president land on 80? The president still remains with his position that he's not going to unilaterally bring down tariffs on China. We need to see concessions from them as well. And again, that's part of the reason that Secretary Besson is going to talk to his Chinese counterparts this weekend to start those discussions in person. As for the 80% number, that was a number the president threw out there, and we'll see what happens this weekend. And always in the effort of transparency, I'm sure you'll hear directly from the treasury secretary or the president after those next negotiations conclude.


So again, leaders need to speak with clarity. Leaders need to speak with precision, right? What are y'all even talking about here? They're the way they toy with people's lives. You know, small businesses are getting screwed, medium sized, all businesses, but especially those that can't just call up the White House and do quid pro quos for favors are getting screwed. So when you see stuff like this and you don't provide clarity or what the plan is, Donald Trump just sends a a post in the morning and it's like, oh, that, that's where we're going this time. It's, it's absurd.


It's dangerous, and it has real world ramifications. Next up, Caroline Levitt has asked a question about the Pope, which she doesn't want to answer apparently. Here. Let's play this clip One. One other question. Yesterday we saw the news of the new Pope. Before Pope Leo became Pope Leo, there were some critical comments that he made about President Trump and about Vice President Vance on his X account, then X account. Does the White House have any reaction to those Comments? The President made his reaction to Pope Leo's announcement yesterday. Very clear. He's very proud to have an American Pope. I think it was a surprise to everyone. I saw the news media was surprised to report on that yesterday.


But it's a great thing for the United States of America and for the world, and we are praying for him. And isn't it just so interesting too that now all the Maga like despise this Pope, Robert Prevo, who's now, who is Cardinal Robert Prevost, now Pope Leo the xiv, because he's spoken positively about migrants and he said that we need to have, you know, that, that there needed to be unity with the black community after the murder of George Floyd. That that Pope Leo the IV talked about, you know, encouraging vaccine use. And now for maga, that's, you know, repugnant. How dare you, how dare you do those things.


Remember what I shared with you as well though, that there was that bishop in Donald Trump's religious advisory board, and he was previously quoted as saying that the Vatican will never name an American pope, so long as America is leading the world in everything else, because the Vatican doesn't want there to be an American religious leader while America's the leader in all other things. But one way to determine if America is in decline, this is what Trump's own advisor said, you know, months back was if a American Pope was selected, the Vatican would be sending the signal that America's lost its power in other areas. And could that have been the message that was being sent there as well?


But Pope Leo the 14 seems actually like a, it's an overall, whether you're religious or not, just like a a good person, like a good human being. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Plus, check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.