
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck, GPT. What do You know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem? Call one 800 gambler.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next. With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere, without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, mantis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis x.com.


So Donald Trump's chief propagandist White House Press secretary Caroline Levitt, held a press conference where she invited 10 year olds to ask questions. And she actually crumbled under the questioning by the 10 year olds who were serving up the biggest kind of softballs in the world. Like a 10-year-old asked her, who is Donald Trump's favorite president besides himself? And Caroline Levitt like froze and she couldn't really answer it. Play this clip, Nora, go ahead. Which interim's favorite president besides his? That's a good question because it would be probably himself.


No, I think that perhaps he would say George Washington. I know he speaks very highly of George Washington, who was of course the first president of our great country, and he has his big, beautiful portrait hanging in the Oval Office above the fireplace. Good question. By the way, do you think that the only president who she knows other than Donald Trump is George Washington? You think that's why she just says George Washington? I mean, remember earlier in the day when Kristi Nome, the dog killing Homeland Security secretary, was asked, what is habeas corpus? And she didn't know and literally responded the exact opposite of what habeas corpus is and said, that means that Donald Trump can send people away without a hearing.


And then Senator Kim asked Christine Om, where in the constitution does it mention habeas corpus? And she's like, I don't know. I dunno. Maybe you wanna look into Article one under the Powers of Congress. I bet you these 10 year olds probably know that dog killer Christine, the next question for propagandist Caroline Levitt was, how many people has Donald Trump fired? To which Caroline Levitt, of course, lies again, she kind of glitches out when she gets asked this question here, play this clip. How many people has, has he he fired?


How many people has he fired thus far? Actually, we have not had anyone fired, with the exception of one individual who did leave their job. But we have a great team here. So far, so good. Thank you for the question. Oh, why don't you tell the kids about all of the veterans that he fired? Why don't you tell the kids about all of the park rangers and government workers performing essential functions that Donald Trump fired? Why? Why don't you tell the kids about how you fired all of these people who work at FEMA who are unable to respond to disasters? Now, why?


Why don't you actually talk about how there was a hostile government takeover where you not just fired people, but defame them and said it was for performance related reasons when it was not. And now you've deprived Americans of essential services that are absolutely needed. The next question from one of the 10-year-old kids is, what is Donald Trump going to do about climate change? Now, Caroline Levitt, Donald Trump's top propagandist did not like this climate change. Question Play this clip. Yeah. What is Donald Trump going to do about climate change? What is Donald Trump going to do about climate change? Well, that is a very good question. The president cares very much about our environment.


He says all the time he wants to have the cleanest air, the cleanest water, the cleanest environment for the world. He also cares very much about our energy independence and ensuring that we can keep the lights on in our homes at a very cheap rate. So we wanna make energy here in the United States because we do it cleaner and better than everyone. So I think that's how the President would answer that. That's how you answer the question to little kids. He also cares much about energy independence. You know, under former President Biden, we were actually energy independent for the first time, and we cared about climate change. Why don't you be honest with the kids? Why don't you tell them? Are you too cowardly? Caroline Levin?


Look the kids in the face and tell 'em the truth that Donald Trump does not believe climate change is real. Tell 'em your view. Tell 'em that you believe climate change is a scam, and that you and Trump and the regime have systematically dismantled America's efforts to address climate change. Why don't you tell the kids that you are destroying their future and subordinating their future livelihoods and health? Because Donald Trump and you are frauds grifters felons. Why? Why do I He's a felon. You're just a fraud. Okay, next up. Why the, the next question is, what is Trump's favorite room in the White House?


Here play this clip. Go Ahead honey. What is favorite room in the White House? Favorite Room in the White House? I think his favorite room in the White House is definitely the Oval Office. 'cause it's so beautiful and he has decked out in gold. It's now MAGA gold in there. Yes. Oh, I'm sure that really resonates with the kids that he what Spray painted things gold so he can make it feel like a royal palace. That's why he likes the Oval Office, because it's all gold. I mean, I'm, I am getting not just secondhand embarrassment, but like, this is humiliating for our country.


One, what, what the heck is even going on? I mean, why do you have 10 year olds asking you questions? And your response is because of all of the gold? That that's, that's your response then in the next question is, what is Trump's religion? Here play this clip. Remember your Question? Yeah. Okay, let's hear it. What's the president's religion? What's the president's religion? The president is a Christian and he believes in Jesus. Yes. In the back. Why don't you actually tell the kids that Donald Trump doesn't really have, You know, any knowledge about Jesus or doesn't have any knowledge and but pretends to do it, and that he uses it as a subterfuge to manipulate people.


Why? Why don't you? Why, why don't you tell them? You know, the, the, the truth right there. Now, why was Caroline Levitt doing a press conference with 10 year olds? Because they don't want to answer the questions. They don't wanna answer the questions like they're trying to push through this budget bill that's going to add trillions of dollars to the deficit. They don't want to talk about that. Look, Donald Trump came to Capitol Hill earlier in the day where he cursed out MAGA Republican congress members like Thomas Massey and also cursed out MAGA Republican congress members like Mike Lawler from New York, because they're not supportive of the budget for different reasons.


But here, Thomas Massey is being asked, while you have Caroline Levitt speaking to 10 year olds and not doing a good job, you have Thomas Massey right here talking about how, let me, he goes, he goes, I'm a Republican. Okay, let me be very clear. This bill is going to add $20 trillion to the deficit. This is a disaster here. Play this clip. Are you Worried about the blowback from Trump allies for the mag base for going now? No. Actually, I, I got a lot of people in the MAGA base who realize that we could have done this differently. We can extend the tax cuts and paid for them, but instead, we're not, I mean, over here, the people in favor of this bill say that under the policies of this bill, we're gonna add $20 trillion to debt over the next 10 years, which is three and a half to $5 trillion more than would've been Deficit.


That's, And Trump was pretty blunt inside the room when it came to the issue of Medicaid wolf. In fact, we were told from multiple sources, two sources inside the room that Trump said, quote, don't F around with Medicaid. And he used the curse word not f around. But that's, that was the message to his colleagues. The question is gonna be whether those Republicans will ultimately fall in line, because we know that John, that Mike Johnson can only afford to lose three Republican votes on a straight party line vote. He's trying to get this out of the house by Thursday, but there is so much opposition concern within the ranks.


Can he get those members to fall in line? That's gonna be a big question. As members walk outta this room in a matter of moments, we'll ask them if Trump changed any of their minds. Wolf


Anywhere worth going? Is worth going in? Good boots? Find your perfect pair with Kovas. Ever wondered if you can pull off boots with your personal style? Well, you owe it to your feet to pull on a pair of kovas. Being confident isn't about being different. It's about being yourself. Find comfort in the traditions of the west and confidence for making it your own. Honor the West by leaving your own boot print. Kovas crafts quality Western boots for everyone. From generational ranchers and lifelong cowboys to first time boot buyers. Every one of KO's boots are handcrafted with over 200 meticulous steps for broken in comfort right out of the box. Whether it's a long day or a big night, your kovas are built to last and impress. There's no compromise between quality and style. Look, I can't even begin to tell you just how comfortable my kovas are, and I'll admit it, I was a little skeptical at first. But these Tecovas are something special. Plus with Tecovas Best in the West guarantee, you get free returns and exchanges for 30 days. Right now get 10% off at Tecovas dot com slash Midas when you sign up for email and text. That's 10% off at TECO vs.com/midas Tecovas dot com slash midas. See site for details. Tecovas, point your toes west.


And here's Mag Republican Congress member Mike Lawler saying the same thing. Let's play the clip. This morning I, let me let New York Republican Congressman Mike Lawler make his own stance known as he did right after that meeting. Watch I made very clear when I ran for office back in 22 that I would never support a tax bill that does not adequately lift the cap on salt as it stands Right now. I do not support the bill President. President understands obviously how important these issues are. Obviously, it's imperative that we get a deal done and get a bill passed.


And so I'm gonna continue to negotiate in good faith A large, And then to rewind here for you, this was the press conference that Caroline Levitt held yesterday where she said that it's not going to add anything to the deficit that we're gonna get. So rich, play this clip. Just A quick follow up. Is the president okay with this bill? Adding to the deficit? This bill does not add to the deficit. In fact, according to the Council of Economic Advisors, this bill will save $1.6 trillion. And the President absolutely understands and hears the concerns of fiscal conservatives and of Americans who wanna get our fiscal house in order.


That's what the intention of this bill is. There's $1.6 trillion worth of savings in this bill. That's the largest savings for any legislation that has ever passed Capitol Hill in our nation's history of the next bill that even comes close was $800 billion. That's less than half of the savings that we see in the one big beautiful bill. And so the, the goal of this bill is to produce economic growth, to cut taxes, and to get our fiscal house in order. And this is the right step in the right direction towards doing that. No, when you're speaking to these kids, Caroline Levitt, why don't you explain that this is all built on fraud. So one of the reasons why you claim that there's not going to be anything added to the budget deficit is that Donald Trump is lying and claiming that he got somewhere between five to $7 trillion in his Middle East trip, five to $7 trillion from countries whose entire annual GDP is not a trillion dollars cutter's annual GDP is $200 billion.


Okay? So you're not getting more money than the amount than than what the countries are worth. Here's, here's what Donald Trump had to say about getting five to $7 trillion here, play this clip. They respect our country. Again, they were gonna go to China. China was gonna take over those countries 100%. They were dealing with China 'cause they weren't treated right by the last administration. And they have tremendous economic power. They have more money than anybody. We probably have more money, but we have other things like this. They're very, very, they're very cash rich to put it mildly. And they're spending 5.1 trillion, probably it's gonna be 7 trillion by the time we stop.


And You know, somebody said every other president goes and leaves and spends money, gives other countries money. I'm the only one that goes and takes money back. You know, when you think of it, I said, that's an interesting statement. I never thought of it that way. But we have a a, this is really just a pep, you have a very unified house and we have a very unified senate. By the way, earlier today, Donald Trump was not even aware of what negotiations were taking place. He was asked a very basic question, which is, don't you want these negotiations to be over? Because a lot of republicans have not agreed to this budget bill. And Trump's like, what negotiations, what, what are we talking about? And then he starts attacking blue states and starts saying how he doesn't want to include money in the budget for blue states here, play this clip.


Do you want the negotiations to be open now? Which negotiation over this bill? Oh yeah. Well, it's gonna be, we're gonna be putting it in soon and I think we're gonna have great support. We gonna make a couple of tweaks. I mean, we don't want to benefit Democrat governors, although I would do that if it made it better, but they don't know what they're doing. So we don't wanna, we don't wanna, we don't wanna do any damage to a state. We want to help all the states, but we have governors that are from the Democrat border, let's say New York and Illinois big ones. And let's say Gavin Newcomb, who's done a horrible job in California. And You know, we wanna benefit the comp, we wanna benefit Republicans because they, they are the ones that are gonna make America great again.


The Democrats are destroying our country. And you see that with the past administration with an open borders policy that allowed 21 million people into our country. And many of those people are stone cold murderous killers and trouble. Yeah. Now, as someone who lives in a blue state like California, someone who grew up in a blue state like New York, I just want to be very clear, okay? These blue states are what's called donor states. The red states, by and large are taker states, meaning their failed states without the blue states. The blue states literally subsidize failed red states.


And why are they failed? Because they have MAGA policies which go drive you into bankruptcy. So I understand why a MAGA Republican congress member, even from a state like New York, if you're representing your constituents, like a Mike Lawler says to the red states, why are you capping state and local tax deductions at $10,000? Either raise it significantly or remove the cap. In general, why are red states screwing over, You know, the blue states that are funding your red states? So that's what's going on here. That's one of the issues. You have the SALT Caucus, these MAGA Republicans in the house who are saying that they can't support this budget bill because of the salt cap, the state and local tax deduction hurts their, hurts, their state, and their MAGA Republicans in blue states.


Then you have other MAGA Republicans who are saying that they are, they want more cuts to Medicaid. And you have others who are saying this increases the deficit too much. And then you have others who are saying that it's a problem, that it's cutting so much Medicaid. So that's the fight Right now. But you keep speaking to 10-year-old kids about Donald Trump's gold plate at Oval Office. I'm Ben MICUs. This is the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas, check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.