
Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and as AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com Cancel any anytime terms apply.


An awful press conference just unfolded in the White House after a disastrous day on the market. It seems this press conference was called to try to distract the public from seeing Donald Trump crippling our economy. And they also wanted to dangle magical rebates. Money that's gonna magically enter people's pockets that won't be inflationary from the work that Doge is doing. Just don't be distracted on the havoc that they are causing to our country. Let me show you what went down in this disastrous press conference. Here you have Caroline Levitt saying that she looks forward to Canada becoming the 51st state.


And also Donald Trump sent a message inviting Prime Minister Trudeau to the governor's meeting in the United States saying that he should be a governor of a state in America. Play this clip One for Caroline. Does President Trump have a bet with Trudeau about this USA Canada hockey game tonight and when there is a big hockey game on, is the President watching for the goals or for the fights? Probably both. I think he's watching for the United States to win tonight. I know he talked to the USA hockey team this morning. He talked to the players after their morning practice around 10 o'clock, and I also spoke to some folks from that team after they were jubilant over President Trump's comments to the team.


I believe they're gonna put out a video of that call. So he looks forward to watching the game tonight and we look forward to the United States beating our soon to be 51st State Canada. Next up you have Steven Miller, and as Aaron Ruper says, Kim Jong-un thinks Stephen Miller is laying it on a little thick here. Here, Play this clip. Do You all know he has renamed the Gulf of Mexico to his correct and proper name, the Gulf of America? He has renamed Mount Denali into Mount McKinley, part of a historic effort to restore patriotism and national pride all across this land. Next you have the National Security Advisor, Mike Waltz and Mike Waltz here says that even though he previously said that Putin is to blame for the war in Ukraine because Russia invaded Ukraine here, Mike Waltz said it shouldn't surprise you that my assessment has changed because now I do what Donald Trump tells me to do.


He, he literally says that I'm not using hyperbolic language here. Play this clip Question you wrote in an op-ed in the fall of 2023, that quote, Putin is to blame. Certainly like Al-Qaeda was to blame for nine 11. Do you still feel that way now or do you share the president's assessment as he says Ukraine is to blame for the start of this war? Well, it shouldn't surprise you that I share the President's assessment on all kinds of issues. What I wrote as a member of Congress is, was, was as a former member of Congress. Look, what I share the President's assessment on is that the war has to end. By The way, I wanna show you some clips of Kevin Hassett. Kevin Hassett is the national, the internet, the National Economic Council Director.


And just so you know who Kevin Hassett is, how he got famous. Well, he wrote a book called Dow 36,000, published in 1999, predicting the stock market boom right before the internet.dot com bubble burst of 2000. This guy gets it wrong every single time. We literally have the worst people up there at this press conference and in this administration here he is being asked, well, if the goal of the spending cuts has been to reduce the debt, why are you imposing the deepest cuts on the IRS that collects revenue Here, Play this clip For either one of you. So we reported several other outlets have reported that about 3,500 people are due to be lose their jobs at the IRS by the end of the week.


If the goal of these spending cuts across the federal government has been to reduce the debt, why impose some of the deepest cuts we've seen so far at the agency responsible for raising revenue for the federal government? Well, I think our objective is to make sure that the employees that we pay are being productive and effective. And there are many, many more than a hundred thousand people working to collect taxes and not all of them are fully occupied and the treasury secretary is studying the matter and feels like 3,500 is a small number and probably can get bigger, especially as we improve the IT at the IRS. And so, so I think that it's absolutely something that is on the table for good reasons. And the point is that don't just talk about the irs, talk about all of government that there are so many places.


I live in DC you maybe live in DC where you never there. Nobody, nobody's going to the buildings. People aren't commuting because nobody's doing their job. We look back and we see that there are all these people doing two jobs while they're gonna get government payroll on the payroll. So the point is we're fixing that. And the IRS is a small part of that picture. So you're saying that everybody who Here you have Mike Walls, the National Security Advisor talk about, oh, we call it here, Trump warp speed. We're going into warp speed mode here, Play this clip. President Trump is on what we call Trump warp speed. We are all, we are all honored to be really serving under, under his leadership and his vision.


Back to Kevin Hassett, the National Economic Council director here, he says that the, now that Inflation is surging once again, the way they're dealing with that is they've hired Elon Musk as their IT consultant and he will make sure that tax cuts are restored and an Inflation that's now surging because of their policies maybe will go away here, Play this clip. How Did they do that? So we're addressing Inflation. We didn't have to address it in the first term because it was always in the ones, almost always, but we're gonna get it back there. And how are we doing it? Well, we're doing it with a, a plan that President Trump and I and others have talked about in the oval that involves like every level of fighting Inflation.


First, the macroeconomic level, we're cutting spending, we're cutting spending in negotiations with people on the hill. We're cutting spending with the advice of our IT consultant, Elon Musk. And then we're also looking into supply side things like restoring Trump's tax cuts Back to Stephen Miller. Again, North Korea is feeling that this is a little bit over the top here. Stephen Miller says, no president has done more than Donald Trump here Play this clip. No president comes close to what Donald Trump has achieved over just the last 30 days. Okay, Stephen Miller bet, I guess no president has done more than Donald Trump to literally crater the United States of America, destroying our economy, destroying our alliances, destroying the bond between states in the United States, spreading lies, hatred, and just being overall disgusting every day.


Let's continue to talk about what happens here in this ridiculous press conference. After all of that, you then have Mike Walls, the National Security Advisor say, but Trump really is focused on his stability. We need to restore stability, Play this clip. And truly, you know, when we all say, and the president himself say, says, he is a president of peace, he is a president focused on restoring stability, I think restore Stability. This e every day it seems like there's another plane crash. The markets are crashing. Donald Trump is calling Zelinsky a dictator and blaming zelinsky for Russia invading Ukraine.


Donald Trump has destroyed our reliances with nato stability's. The word you really want to use right there and here, Mike Walls says, look, there's no one who can stand up to Putin Xi and Kim Jong-un like Donald Trump here Play this clip. I wonder how much of what we're seeing right now outta the administration and President Trump is a call to Europe and the European leaders and the allies that we've traditionally had to pick up that hot potato and and, and start doing something a little bit more concrete to win and preserve the peace in Ukraine. The second question I have is it, it it's related is there's been some, a lot of speculation in that President Trump in the administration might be manipulated by pre by Vladimir Putin.


I wonder If you can just talk a little bit about the, the administration's posture and your confidence in the competence of this administration to go toe to toe with with Vladimir Putin. Well, if there's an, I'll take the LA second question first. If there's anybody in this world that can go toe to toe with Putin that could go toe to toe with she that could go toe to toe with Kim Jong-un, and we could keep going down the list. It's Donald J. Trump. He is the deal maker in chief. There is no question that he is the commander in chief and I for one, and I think all Americans and around the world should have no doubt about his ability to not only handle Putin, but to handle the complexity of driving this war to an end.


85% of people have already crapped the bet on their resolutions, but you could still get your ass right by washing with the tushy bidet. Listen, we all have our problems, but your cleanup routine, that does not have to be one of them. That's where Tushy comes in. I've been using the tushy wave bide and let me tell you, game changer. First off, installing it took me just 10 minutes. No plumber needed. I'm telling you if I could do it, anyone can. Tushy gives you a refreshing, soothing cleanse with fresh water gets me cleaner faster without feeling like I just sandpapered my backside. I'm telling you, once you go bide, there is no other way you like that. Tushy isn't just about feeling clean, it's about saving money, cutting down TP use by 80% and protecting your skin. Plus it looks sleek and fits perfectly in my bathroom. And every Hello Tushy bidet comes with a 30 day hassle-free return and a 12 month warranty. There's still time to get your ass right for life. For a limited time, our listeners get 10% off their first bidet order When you use Code Midas at checkout, that's 10% off your first bidet order@hellotushy.com with promo code Midas hello tushy.com promo code M-E-I-D-A-S


No, there's no one who is a bigger boot liquor of Putin Xi Jinping and Kim Jong-un than Donald Trump who's turned America into some like bizarro North Korea isolated country that is a pariah state to the world. Our former allies despise and hate America under Donald Trump. Massive boycotts have been underway and are underway in Canada. I saw a recent poll out of Canada, only 30% of Canadians still view America as allies. About 30% of Canadians view the United States of America as an enemy, combatant as an enemy state right now.


And then the remainder just doesn't view the US as an ally anymore. That's the state of Canada. To be clear that only 30% view America as an ally. Going back to Kevin Hassett right here, here, Hassett is asked, so Trump has spoke about replacing income taxes with tariff revenue. Is that something that you're really going to do? Try to not collect income tax, but try to raise money off of tariffs? Play the clip ahead. So Mr. Hassett, you were speaking about tariff revenue and you also addressed a question about the IRS President Trump has spoken about replacing income tax with tariff revenue, especially with all this waste fraud and abuse that we're seeing Cut.


Is that a possibility? Absolutely. And and in fact, If you think about the China tariff revenue that we're estimating is coming in from the 10% that we just added, plus the de minimis thing that it's between 500 billion and a trillion dollars over 10 years is our estimate. And that's something that is outside of the reductions that markets are seeing through the negotiations up on the hill. And so we expect that the tariff revenue is actually gonna make it much easier for Republicans to pass a bill. And that was the president's plan all along. I mean, These people Are quite, I, I don't know how else to say it. Like they, they are legitimately stupid, cruel, arrogant, every bad quality.


And it, it, it is shocking to me that there are people who fall for this crap still to this day. But I'll tell you, one of the plans that they have, it's this right here. This is what, this is part of their propaganda machine where they say that the government is going to give Americans $5,000 is rebates from Doge based on everything that Doge is collecting. And we all know that Doge ain't really doing anything. It's just lying about data and just making stuff up over and over again. But they say the government will not actually be spending this money.


It will be Doge doing it, huh? Make make this make sense here. Play this clip On these potential checks that you might send out from Doge. Is there a concern as you're thinking through this, that they could be inflationary? Oh, absolutely not. Because imagine if we don't spend government money and we give it back to people that the, you know, if they spend it all, then you're even, but they're probably gonna save a lot of it, in which case you're reducing Inflation. Okay? And also when the government spends a lot, that's what creates Inflation. We learn that from Joe Biden. And so if we reduce government spending, then that's, you know, reduces Inflation. And If you give people money, then they're gonna save a bunch of it. And, and when they save it, then that also reduces demand or reduces Inflation. Okay, So you're not worried about it? No, no. So he says Inflation happens when government spends money, but government won't be spending money to give money to people and they just dangle this stuff the same way.


They dangle no tax on tips, no tax on social security, no tax on overtime, the same way they say that they're gonna do all of these things. And what they really do is they cut $880 billion in Medicaid, $250 billion from farmers, 350 billion in education. They go after social security. Is it obvious what they're, it should be obvious what they're, what they're doing. And $4.5 trillion in tax cuts for the billionaires that's going to increase America's national debt to over $25 trillion in debt over the next 10 years. According to conservative think tanks. They predict that if the spending bill goes down this way, increase the debt by $25 trillion.


Bringing you down to this press conference, that transportation secretary Sean Duffy was holding in California here, Sean Duffy, who got famous off of the Real World Road Rules Challenge, and now he's the transportation secretary and he's overseeing over nine plane crashes in the first 30 days. About four lethal plane crashes. Some staggering numbers right there. He says that the reason that he's fired a lot of these FAA workers is because they're actually not the highest skilled members of the FAA here play this. Can we talk about The FAA layoffs, industry experts say it's unsafe, it's impacting safety.


How can you assure the American public that there fly right Now? Yeah, so the question was in regard to FAA layoffs, so to be clear, the FAA has 46,000 employees. This was I think 352 employees and, and the employees that were laid off were temp. Were, were, were employed for less than a year. So these are not the highest, the highest skilled members of the FAA. You take a look here as people in California were booing Secretary Duffy and he and the MAGA Republicans in California, they were showing up in California today to announce that they wanted to investigate the high speed rail project and they want to dismantle it.


And I'll talk about that project in just a second. But the same way Donald Trump posted about himself and showed that he said that I'm a king regarding New York. Like he literally posted a photo of himself wearing a crown and said, long lived the king or something like that. And he screwing with New York's projects to help congestion trafficking there, which was actually working. Trump wants to screw over the high rail project in California, which actually a lot of Republicans, people like Red State, I mean in California, the red areas, red counties especially the central Valley's been helping their economy just watch the people boom and Play this clip.


Absolutely. Now here is Sean Duffy yelling at the protestors here, Play this clip billion dollars And no rail has been built. So if you wanna go protest somewhere, If you wanna shout at someone, go to the governor's mansion, go talk to Democrats in the legislature who have brought us this crappy project, right? So we've seen over the course of the last month what Doge has exposed with regard to fraud, waste, and abuse. And we're done with it. And you know what, you're gonna have people who love fraud, who love waste, who love trains to nowhere.


But all of us up here, we do not love fraud, waste, and abuse. We are gonna use the taxpayer money efficiently and effectively. And this is a boondock. There is, and again, I don't love if they build rail. It was supposed to be done in 2020. Wild stuff right there. Going back to the press conference at the White House, here's again Mike Wall's, national Security Advisor. Let's play it. Who does he think is more responsible for the Russian invasion of Ukraine, Putin, or Zelensky? Well, look, his, his goal Peter, is to bring this war to an end period. And there has been ongoing fighting on both sides.


It is World War one style trench warfare. His frustration with President Zelensky is that you heard is multifold one, there needs to be a deep appreciation for what the American people, what the American taxpayer, what President Trump did in, in his first term and what we've done since. So some of the rhetoric coming out of Kyiv, frankly, and, and, and insults to President Trump were unacceptable, number one. Number two, our own Secretary of Treasury personally made the trip to offer Ukrainians what is, can only be described as a historic opportunity that is for America to co-invest with Ukraine in their, And finally here is Kevin Hassett, national Economic Council Director.


Let's play it. We're Being told by a lot of people who have been let go at other agencies that they were told they were being dismissed because of poor performance when in some cases they haven't even had a performance review yet because they've only been on the job a couple of months. Yeah, I've never seen a person who was laid off for poor performance say that they were performing poorly. Okay, Carolyn, Good point. Sure. Calin, Let me just get you the fact sheet about California high Rail. Just so you know, here's a reason or a few why Duffy was getting booed out of the building today. This project has generated more than 14,000 good paying jobs in California. The route from San Francisco to LA is fully environmentally cleared, meaning it's shovel ready.


The track laying phase has begun and of the $13 billion spent, 10.5 billion has come from the state of California. And 2.5 billion has come from the federal government, not the exaggerated, hundreds of billions that are falsely claimed. And a lot of these jobs in central California helping people who are there. So there you have it folks. We'll keep you posted, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.