
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task Unless you have a partner like Shopify. They have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing, to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash special offer.


The NBA playoffs are here, and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck G. PT, What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's. Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is knowledgeable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER.


Those are tanks rolling through Washington dc That's what Donald Trump's America looks like as he federalizes the National Guard and sends the Marines into Los Angeles. As Donald Trump gave a speech yesterday in front of active troops at Fort Bragg, where Donald Trump egged them on to boo the city of Los Angeles, part of the country that they've sworn an oath to protect as he egged on active troops, active members of the military to boo the media. He's got tanks rolling through Washington DC So I ask you choose your fighter.


You've got California Governor Gavin Newsom, or you've got Donald Trump and Stephen Chung, who's Donald Trump's communication director who makes posts like this. This is Donald Trump's communications director. This guy works in the White House. He's Donald Trump's main mouthpiece. Just take a look at how he talks and communicates. Talk shit, get hit. And what's he responding to? The fact that Terry Moran, one of the correspondence at a BC, got fired. His agreement was terminated by A B, C, which was, which is owned by Disney because Terry Moran made a post criticizing Stephen Miller, Donald Trump's top advisor and Donald Trump for not having a heart because they are ripping families apart and relishing in these suffering of migrants who are not criminals.


Wow. A political correspondent like Terry Moran at a BC, who gave probably the best interview of Donald Trump I had seen of really anybody who's interviewed Donald Trump. He had the audacity the other night to make a post saying that Trump and Miller have no heart. Boom, immediately fired the regime. This America's not a democracy. I call him a regime. The Trump regime calls up a, B, C. They say, you fire the guy. Boom, he's gone. And then Stephen Chung, this guy says, talk shit. Get hit. So then Donald Trump, as I mentioned, spoke in front of active troops at Fort Bragg yesterday in North Carolina.


Here he goad the troops into booing the fake news, covering the event. So we have our military in uniform booing, the free press play this clip, And for little news for the fake news back there, the fake news, ladies and gentlemen, look at 'em. Look at 'em all. Oh, what I have to put up with fake news, what I have to put up with. But they're All right. They've been very nice today. They were impressed with that display. I can tell you that. I think it took them a little by surprise. So I ask you again, choose your fighter, that guy, that fascist, terrorist, felon criminal.


Yeah. We don't mince words on the MeidasTouch network. We just say what he is. He's a felon. He's convicted of felonies. He's a sexual abuser. He's found liable of sexual abuse. He's Epstein's buddy. Hung out with Epstein. He said, Epstein's a great guy. He's all over Epstein's phone log and Epstein's flight log. We know, we know. Call him out. Call him out for it. He's a fraud. He's found liable for fraud. He's a er. He's a loser. We call him out. Pick your fighter. That guy, or California governor Gavin Newsom, who gave an exclusive address to the nation and to the state of California last night. We had the exclusive, we were so honored here at the Midas Touch Network to get that exclusive of California Governor Gavin Newsom.


Here's what he said. Thanks to our law enforcement officers and the majority of Angelenos who protested peacefully, this situation was winding down and was concentrated in just a few square blocks downtown. With that, that's not what Donald Trump wanted. He again chose escalation. He chose more force. He chose theatrics over public safety. He federalized another 2000 guard members. He deployed more than 700 active US Marines. These are the men and women trained for foreign combat, not domestic law enforcement. We honor their service. We honor their bravery, but we do not want our streets militarized by our own armed forces.


Not in la, not in California, not anywhere. So I ask you again, choose your fighter. That clip I just showed you of California Governor Gavin Newsom or Donald Trump's top advisor, Stephen Miller. Stephen Miller was running for student government in high school. His speech was apparently the janitors really made him angry and he always had hate in his heart. And he gave this speech saying, and these janitors, I'm gonna throw my food on the floor and watch them clean it up. Watch what Steven Miller says in high school. Play this clip. Am I the only one who is sick and tired of being told to pick up my trash?


And we have plenty of candidates. Here was Donald Trump yesterday during a disastrous Oval Office press conference where he said, if anybody protests my military parade, my dictator parade over the weekend, over the weekend, excuse me, over the weekend, they will be met with heavy force. Play this clip Celebrating big on Saturday. We're gonna have a lot of, and if there's any protester wants to come out, they will be met with very big force. By the way, for those people that wanna protest, they're gonna be met with very big force. And I haven't even heard about a protest, but you know, this is people that hate our country, but they will be met with very heavy force.


Yeah, That's kind of the definition of dictatorship right there, isn't it? Isn't that the definition? If you protest, I'm going to attack you. What in the Kim Jong goon Vladimir Putin is that we're so much better than that. America. We really are. I mean, there are a lot of people who have hate in their hearts who vote for that guy. But let's just be normal human beings with empathy, love, and respect and decency. Let's act like grownups. Let's act like adults. Yeah, let's call it out. When Donald Trump is giving this press conference where he said that was supposed to be about fema and what was Donald Trump's message about fema, we want to wean off fema.


We shouldn't, as the federal government have to deal with fema. It should be a governor's issue or a gov, a state, state government issue. Play this clip. We Wanna wean off of FEMA and we wanna bring it down to the state level a little bit like education. We're moving it back to the states. So the governor's gonna handle, that's why they're governors now. If they can't handle it, they shouldn't be governor, but these governors can handle it and they'll work in conjunction with other governors. They'll give each other a hand. So state government issue. Hmm. Like maga, Mike Johnson, the speaker of the house is a congress member from Louisiana. Louisiana's budgets like 18 billion for Hurricane Katrina.


FEMA brought in about $78 billion of resources. So $18 billion budget, $78 billion just for Hurricane Katrina. Where do you expect the states to get this money from? Like you do realize, Donald, he doesn't because he's a dictator, want to be one, a bad one, but he's a dictator. That the purpose of the federal government is to supplement and basically help the states. There are states' rights, and then the federal government is supposed to work with the states and actually do something other than attack the states. I think for Donald Trump, he views the federal government as a tool of the dictatorship. I guess what's, that's what all the Republicans meant by states' rights, I guess for them, states rights really just meant when we get our dictator in, he'll invade the states and say he's gonna liberate Los Angeles and liberate cities in the United States of America.


Americans don't approve of this. Don't be gaslit by corporate news. Both sides in the issues overwhelmingly by double digits, by double digits. Americans disapprove of Donald Trump sending the National Guard and Marines into Los Angeles. I can't even believe I have to utter that sentence. By the way, the majority of Americans recognize, and we've been reporting on this all the time here at the Midas Dutch network, that Donald Trump, of course, is in on the Epstein list. And he's involved with Epstein. We know that we've seen them together. Epstein's co-conspirator, the trafficker, ver Ghislaine Maxwell would find girls at Mar-a-Lago like Virginia Giuffre underage girls and bring them to Epstein, Virginia.


Giuffre was unhoused homeless, was working at Mar-a-Lago. That's where she got a job after being homeless. Ghislaine Maxwell, who was working with Epstein, found her at Mar-a-Lago, brought her over to Epstein. That was the pipeline. That's what went down. Ron Philip Kowski, editor-in-chief says the following, one thing Newsom has shown is key. To effectively deal with Trump and the MAGA propaganda machine, you must respond immediately and call out the lies. You can't wait until hours, days later than answer in a press conference statement, scripted speech. All Dems should learn from it. You gotta do it right away. Trump's amplifying, escalating the dictator stuff.


Apparently now they're going back to their Guantanamo plan and they're gonna start sending 9,000 people. The Trump regime is planning to dramatically ramp up, sending undocumented migrants to Guantanamo Bay starting this week with at least 9,000 people being vetted for transfer according to documents by Politico. That would be an exponential increase from the roughly 500 migrants who have been held for short periods of times at the base since February. And a major star step toward realizing Trump's plant announced in January to hold 30,000 migrants. But you see how they kind of nonchalantly just talk about that. You just throw in people in concentration camps in Guantanamo Bay, which used to be reserved for the worst of the worst terrorists.


And even then, the Supreme Court said that they had due process rights. That's what the United States of America is. It absolutely should not be. Have you seen some of these videos right here? These videos are in Nebraska going into the ice agents raiding meat, packing factories. I'll just show you a small portion of it. Raid meat, packing factories, people hard at work and throwing them in ice trucks and disappearing them. Play this clip.


Who's the sizzle at? Yes. Yeah, I mean, it pains me to talk about that. It pains me to show you that it's horrible stuff. Meanwhile, we're learning that just so far already, what the Pentagon expects Donald Trump deploying the Marines and National Guard to la, it's gonna cost $134 million already. I think it's gonna be significantly more than that.


It's why I've been saying over and over again, I don't believe for a second that military parade over the weekend is only gonna cost, what do they say? $45 million total bs. They are downplaying that number. Just think about if, if they're gonna, they have thousands of tanks, thousands, hundreds of like helicopters and airplanes, and they're shutting down Washington dc They've got gates everywhere. They're bringing in thousands of troops to march in the street like a Kim Jong-un dictator style parade. And you are telling me that that's gonna cost 45 million. I think it's gonna cost like half a billion dollars.


And I think they're hiding the costs. That's my suspicion. We'll find out. But if, if this operation so far is 134, what do you think that's gonna cost? As Carl Quintanilla also says, escalating to deescalate. Kevin Hassett, the director of the White House's National Economic Council, said in an interview with CBS's Face the nation that a goal of the talks with China would be to get shipments of rare earth minerals from China to flow just as they did before the beginning of April, as Ryan Grim says. So we started a trade war and are now figuring out what We can offer just to get back to where we were before we started the trade war.


And then yesterday, and I'll, I'll leave you with this, that the Trump regime announced that they had some breakthrough in the talks with China in London, and they announced that they have developed a framework to implement the consensus that was reached on May 12th. I mean, just look at this language right here. This is how it's being reported. Us and Chinese negotiators wrapped up a two days of intense talks intense here in London with what they said was a framework to get their trade truce back on track and ratchet down tensions between the two biggest economies. Okay? So as Justin Wolfer says, so the US and Chinese trade negotiators have negotiated a handshake agreement to seek sign off to agree that they previously agreed agreement is still their agreed upon agreement.


But that agreement is not an agreement, but a framework for seeking future agreements. It's a concept of a deals concept. And that is where we are today being laughed at by the world Donald Trump isolating the US media becoming state regime media. It's awful, but that's where we're at. But the opposition is here. The resistance grows. Independent media is leading the way. The Midas Touch Network got the exclusive California governor, Gavin Newsom addressed to the nation and state, did a million views in 90 minutes or so, 150,000 concurrent viewers.


We got this. You've got this. We're in this together. We're not going anywhere. I want to be very clear with you might as touch network. We're not going anywhere. We're not scared of the regime. I'm not afraid to call Donald Trump a felon, a sexual abuser, a fraud, a criminal, a bankrupt, not afraid at all. Not afraid to call Steven Miller out. Say he's got an ugly heart. What, what? What? We're speaking the truth. That's all you can do right now. Don't normalize this behavior. Speak out. We've got your back and hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Can't Get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.