
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash special offer.


This podcast is brought to you by Carvana. Customizable, fast, easy, all words Carvana. Customers have used to describe buying and financing their car with Carvana. We wanna make your car financing journey hassle-free. Carvana has thousands of affordable cars, transparent pricing and customizable terms. We do everything in our power to give you the power to find finance and buy the perfect car. Go to carvana.com to finance your car today. Terms may apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER


Donald Trump's chief propagandist. Caroline Levitt just held a disastrous press conference in the White House. It's beyond parody. So she read a statement from Donald Trump about the potential for America to go to war with Iran. Do you know what she said? She said Donald Trump will be deciding in two weeks. Yep, the old Donald Trump two weeks gimme two more weeks. Two weeks for this. Two weeks for that two weeks. This was the statement that she read. Play this clip. Now regarding the ongoing situation in Iran, I know there has been a lot of speculation amongst all of you in the media regarding the president's decision making and whether or not the United States will be directly involved in light of that news, I have a message directly from the president and I quote, based on the fact that there's a substantial chance of negotiations that may or may not take place with Iran in the near future, I will make my decision whether or not to go within the next two weeks.


That's a quote directly from the president for all of you today. So then a reporter asked her, you know, Donald Trump says two weeks about everything. He said, two weeks he would decide if he would sanction Russia two weeks to decide what he was gonna do with Ukraine. So how do we know that this two weeks is not just another made up two week thing by Donald Trump play this clip? There's Still a substantial Chance is my Question. I'm not gonna get into the reasoning and the rationale. The president believes that, but that's his position and he will make a decision within the next two weeks. Caroline, Thanks Caroline. President Trump has said previously in regard to Russia, he's used this phrase about two weeks, several times in terms of like, we expect like a two week deadline and then you give another two week deadline.


How can we be sure that he's gonna stick to this one on making a decision on Iran? Well, in those deadlines, as you've seen in respect to Russia, Ukraine, might I add? These are two very different complicated con global conflicts as you know that the president inherited from our previous incompetent president in the weakness of the previous administration. And the president has spent a tremendous amount of time and effort cleaning up these crises that were caused by the last administration's just complete dereliction of duty on the world stage in American weakness. Now we have American strength again with respect to Russia and Ukraine. Because of that American strength and the president's leadership, we have seen these two sides engage in direct negotiations. And the last time the president said two weeks, you saw Russia and Ukraine have direct negotiations for the first time in years.


And so the president is always interested in a diplomatic solution to the problems in the global conflicts in this world. Again, he is a peacemaker in chief. He is the peace through strength president. And so if there's a chance for diplomacy, the president's always going to grab it, but he's not afraid to use strength as well. I will add How pathetic was that response? She goes immediately into attacking former President Biden. And then she claims that Donald Trump saying two weeks about Russia led to some sort of negotiation between Ukraine and Russia, which never took place. As Russia continues to escalate and kill innocent Ukrainians as President Zelensky has agreed to an unconditional ceasefire while Vladimir Putin has not.


And she's saying that him saying two weeks was a brilliant strategy. These are the most pathetic vile human beings. I mean, can you believe what I'm showing you right here? So then another reporter asks Caroline Levitt and says, well, is he gonna go to Congress to ask for war powers authorization? You know what? She says? Two weeks. Two weeks. Here, play this Clinton, the US worst, take some type of military action. Would the president go to Congress to seek war authority? I'm not gonna engage in hypotheticals. I gave you the statement from the president. He'll make a decision within two weeks.


Thank you Dar. Sure. Somebody else then asks a question. So is the two week thing that you're saying was that influenced because of pressure by Tucker Carlson and Marjorie Taylor Greene and other MAGA people who said that they would no longer support Donald Trump if he committed American troops to war in Iran with Israel? She goes, all I can say to you is, you guessed it. Two weeks to play this clip like that. Thank, thank you. To what extent is this two week delay with Iran, the result of interventions by the likes of Tucker Carl and Marjorie Taylor Greene or the ENT treaties of European leaders who want to deescalation?


Look, the president hears all voices across the country and he makes decisions based on his instincts. And he has always said diplomacy is his first option. And Is he still planning to attend the NATO summit next week? He is, yes. We will be departing from Washington on Monday morning and hopefully we'll see some of you there. Kayla. Thanks Caroline. Two weeks. That's a, and then you have this person in the press pool says, rhino warmonger Lindsey Graham says that Donald Trump needs to go all in on an invasion of Iran. And what, what do you have to say about that? You know what her response is? Yes. Two weeks. But you know what else, what it also is, trust Trump.


I tell them, put your trust in Trump. Whatever dear leader says is right. Just trust whatever the hell he does. You don't believe me. Here's what she says. We bring receipts. Play this clip. So Rhino Warmonger, Lindsey Graham, he recently called on the us Go all in. That's Quite the lead to A Question, right? What, what's your message to everyday Trump supporters? Not not the Tucker Carlsons or other big names, but everyday Trump supporters grassroots who voted for President Trump to stop the wars, rejected this in the primary going into another war with voting against Nick Haley, and they wanna see non-US involvement in this war.


What's your message? Trust in President Trump? President Trump has incredible instincts and President Trump kept America and the world safe in his first term and as president in implementing a peace through strength foreign policy agenda. So then another reporter over here says, so a few weeks ago, Tucker Carlson reported that Fox hosts like Mark LA were in the Oval Office with Donald Trump pushing for the war with Iran and that Donald Trump was considering sending American troops because of that. What do we know about that? Is there a leak investigation?


Here's what she says. Play this clip. Sure. A few weeks ago that Tucker Carlson reported on a meeting between the president, mark Lavin and others at the White House. Is there a leak investigation? And can you say who else was in that meeting? I'm not aware of a leak investigation at this time. I, for one, do not reveal details about the President's private meetings without his permission to do so. But certainly the president does not like when people leak. He takes that very seriously. This entire administration takes that seriously. And that's why you've seen at agencies, some of the cabinet secretaries have been given the authority by the president to let go of staff who are engaged in such leaks, especially those that risk American National security.


If you're a homeowner, you need to listen to this. In today's AI and cyber world, scammers are stealing home titles and your equity is the target. Here's how it works. Criminals forge your signature on one document, use a fake notary stamp, pay a small fee with your county, and just like that, your home title has been transferred out of your name. Then they take out loans using your equity or even sell your property and you won't even know it's happened until you get a collection or foreclosure notice. So when's the last time you checked your home title? If your answer is never, you need to do something about it right now. That's why I've partnered with Home Title Lock. So you can find out today. If you're already a victim, use my promo code Midas Plus at Home Title Lock dot com and you'll get a free title history report and a free trial of their million dollar triple lock protection. That's 24 7 monitoring of your title urgent alerts to any changes. And if fraud does happen, they'll spend up to $1 million to fix it. Find out why I trust Home Title Lock. Protect yourself like I did and don't be a victim. Protect your equity today. Go to Home Title Lock dot com and use promo code Midas. That's Home Title Lock dot com promo code Midas.


Caroline Levitt then says, we cannot allow this radical regime to acquire nuclear weapons. She then goes on to attack former President Obama's deal whereby Iran Denuclearized stopped its nuclear weapons. To be very clear, Donald Trump had been trying to do a deal with Iran that was a weaker version of Obama's deal with less safeguards and less controls to, to inspect Iran's facilities. But Iran didn't trust Donald Trump and thought he was a weak negotiator. But he or she blames Obama play the clip In implementing a peace through strength foreign policy agenda.


And with respect to Iran, nobody should be surprised by the president's position that Iran absolutely cannot obtain a nuclear weapon. He's been unequivocally clear about this for decades, not just as president, not just as a presidential candidate, but also as a private citizen. In fact, I have some quotes for you. In 2011, president Trump said, America's primary goal with Iran must be to destroy its nuclear ambitions. We cannot allow this radical regime to acquire a nuclear weapon that they will either use or hand off to terrorists. In 2015, the President said, the problem is that Iran poses an existential threat to Israel, our Middle Eastern allies in the United States. And of course, the President has repeated that in his first term as president and his second term as president as well.


That's why he was adamantly opposed to the disastrous surrounding a nuclear agreement that was implemented by President Obama. And it's why he has given great latitude and given a lot of effort to achieving a diplomatic solution. But he's been very clear. Iran went for 60 days when he gave them that 60 day warning without coming to the table. On day 61, Israel took action against Iran. And as I just told you from the president directly, he has, he will make a decision within two weeks A follow Up. So then of course she needs to pivot to her next topic. And she says that illegal criminals are hiding in sanctuary cities.


So we will be ratcheting up ice invasions of blue cities here play this clip. President Trump has directed all of our ice officers to do everything in their power to carry out the single largest mass deportation operation in history. Illegal criminals who are hiding in America's largest so-called sanctuary cities will be increasingly targeted for removal. Radical Democrats will no longer be allowed to shelter, illegal to threaten public safety as part of their cynical efforts to expand political power drain the American taxpayer and artificially lower wages and steal American jobs. She's asked, how would you define what a Trump doctrine is?


And she goes, America first play this clip. When it comes to the President's position on foreign policy in general, is there a a phrase that the White House has coined? Is there a Trump doctrine? Does the President like to talk about this? Anyone here in the White House talking about this? And if so, if there is something akin to a Trump doctrine, how would you define it? America first, always. And with that, I think I'll leave you. I know there's a lot of news in the world right now. As you know, our team is always here to answer your questions. And the President, I'm sure will take more questions from you guys at some point this week, as he always does in the effort of transparency. I appreciate your being here on a federal holiday and we'll see you later. Thank you. Thank you, Caroline. She then attacks Democratic Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett.


Let's play it really Quick on Jasmine Crockett. She said, I believe that Trump supporters are mentally ill before calling for bipartisan support against the President. Can you respond to that? Especially considering she's a rising star in the Democrat party right now. She is a rising star. It's quite something to behold, actually. I hope that she continues to be a rising star for the Republican party. At least I think it's incredibly derogatory to accuse nearly 80 million Americans of mental illness. The last time I checked Jasmine Crockett couldn't dream of winning such a majority of the public as President Trump did. And the America first movement, which President Trump has built, is filled of hardworking patriots.


The forgotten men and women, business owners, law enforcement officers, nurses and teachers. And middle America, as we all know, you know, from where you all grew up outside of this beltway, that's who makes up this president's movement. And Jasmine Crockett should go to a Trump rally sometime and she can see it for herself. And then without a shred of irony that Donald Trump always says, two weeks for everything. Two weeks for the healthcare plan. Remember that? I'm gonna bring out that in two weeks. Two weeks for this, two weeks for that. The Fox headline now is Trump to make a wrong decision within the next two weeks, given chance of negotiations.


Levitt says, huh, I'm just trying to understand this all. So you leave the G seven with your allies there to run back, to meet with the chief of staff of the Pakistani army. After Pakistan invests in the Trump family crypto, you build two polls in the White House, the north and south lawn. 'cause your poll numbers were doing atrociously. And Americans despise and detest and and hate you. You start posting on social media unconditional surrender. Now you then say that you're not supportive of a ceasefire, unconditional surrender, exclamation point.


You then say, we as in we, the United States are at war with Iran. In your post, we control the ski, as you said, we have sent American military equipment, we, we, we. And now you're saying two weeks. Why don't you be an adult and address the American people and ex and and explain what the hell you are even talking about. But just so you can all see, I can show you thousands of these clips, but I don't wanna you, you know, the two week thing. Here's what Trump said about Russia and Ukraine. Two weeks play this clip. Crush President Putin, You know, in about two weeks, if Ukraine doing enough to get this, to get this piece, I'd rather tell you in about two weeks from now, Keep saying two weeks about President Putin.


What is two weeks? Give us what is the actual date? What is the timeline? Well, two weeks. Two weeks or less. And if it's a little more at the time, I say, but you know, they're losing a lot of people. See those little dates up at the top. April 27th, May 19th. Today is May 28th. So two weeks. Two weeks. Two weeks. Now. We're still two weeks away. There you have, and folks, let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Plus, check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.