
I'm William Gug, a URI collaborator and professional ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing. I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to vori.com/william. That's VU OR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today


It's turn time. And with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 plus in President select states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non withable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply, including token expiration and max wager amount C terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Donald Trump was frantically spamming his supporters emails yesterday with emails like this. You want a Doge dividend Check Ben Hong Kong. Ben, I got a MAGA bumper sticker. Hello, hello. I have an important meeting alert from Trump. Do you want a Trump was right at, so that's what Donald Trump was doing while he was at Mar-a-Lago. Vacationing once again, golfing. Once again, you had Elon Musk at Mar-a-Lago. I don't know what the hell he's doing here, but this is the guy who's destroying our federal government and destroying the lives of veterans and destroying our pensions and life savings here.


Elon Musk is, what the hell is he doing, Elon? What's that? How are you doing? Now? Because of the Trump regime's devastating economic policies, not only are we expected to go into a deep recession, potentially have stagflation low GDP with surging inflation. One of the things that JP Morgan now expects that based on this current trajectory with the way Donald Trump is dealing with tariffs, Japan, the EU and China will outperform the United States in the next 10 to 15 years, as Sean Broderick says.


How about that for winning? And this is happening because of Donald Trump. We're seeing headlines like this. When you wake up in the Trump regime in America, as Trump broadens crackdown focus expands to legal immigrants and tourists. US border officials are using more aggressive tactics at ports of entry as the administration scrutinizes green card and visa holders who have expressed opposition to its policies. This is why we've seen in Canada, we've seen people in Europe and elsewhere across the world issue travel advisories to their citizens.


If you go to the United States, you may end up in ice detention centers, or even in concentration camps in El Salvador. I'm gonna do a whole other video on these situation with these migrants who were kidnapped by Donald Trump, and he claimed they were Venezuelan gang members and he sent them to concentration camps in El Salvador. We're hearing a lot of stories though, that some of these individuals were not gang members. Also, Trump sent women there and the concentration camps don't even take the women. So they were sent back to Venezuela where they were likely gonna be harmed by the Maduro regime, which they were leaving.


I'm gonna do a whole video on a guy named Andres, who is a gay hairdresser from Venezuela, who was here legally asylum seeker. He had a tattoo, not a gang tattoo. He was about to go to his next asylum hearing where he was kidnapped by the Trump regime shipped to El Salvador, where no one's had, No one has heard from him. Again, I'll do a whole story on that. A photo journalist for Time Magazine did a whole story as well on that. And if you connect the dots with this person's lawyer who was on Rachel Maddow, it seems to be that individual. Andres, here's another scoop from the Washington Post. The Internal Revenue Service is nearing an agreement to allow the Department of Homeland Security to use tax data to get info on undocumented immigrants.


Quote, a complete betrayal of 30 years of the government telling immigrants to file their taxes. One IRS officials said, now remember that scoop with this scoop from the Washington Post as well. That tax revenue is expected to drop by 10% this year, which is about $500 billion in lost revenue care of Elon Musk, doge Donald Trump. So what they're doing is causing the deficit to go up, up, up. And remember what I expected that they were going to add 30 to $50 trillion to the deficit was my guess of what was going to go down.


And because the IRS enforcement division is gutted, a lot of Donald Trump's billionaire friends are gonna try to use all these tricks, not pay their taxes to screw over. We the people. And you take that and who, how else is Donald Trump using the IRS to go after the immigrants who are actually paying their taxes? The people who are working here, not gang members, not trend uas. Donald Trump tries to claim all these individuals are terrorists. No, we're talking about hardworking Americans who pay their taxes. That's who the Trump regime is going after. Horrible stuff. No wonder though, we're seeing these, we rallies and these protests grow across the country.


We cover them also on our substack midas plus.com. We have Midas Mighty citizen journalists at these events taking photographs for us. Take a look at the ones we posted from the Windsor Detroit protests. We're gonna be profiling different protests. Check that out. But Take a look at the size of this rally in Denver. 34, 30 5,000 people showed up to see Bernie Sanders and a OC. Also, yesterday we saw in Tucson, Arizona, about 25,000 people show up. The expectation was 3000 people were gonna show up. We are in a non-election year, and I think they're gonna start filling stadiums of 50, 75,000 people soon because we, the people are pissed.


It's not even a blue state, red state, red blue, Democrat, Republican, these fricking oligarchs are destroying our lives. They're calling Social Security Ponzi schemes. You've got Donald Trump's Commerce Secretary saying that if you complain about missing a social security check one month that makes you a criminal, that makes you a fraud, what Donald does that make you also a trend day AUA gang member who you're gonna send to freaking concentration camps in El Salvador? Is that what you're going to do? What a pathetic piece of regime This is what a bunch of freaking grifter losers. It just pisses me off. As I even talk about, I work myself up.


I've been talking about this and I'll try to keep it even keel, but these people are, I'll leave it at that. Speaking of which Elon Musk says, the following about his transgender daughter, Vivian Jenna Wilson. This is just what Elon Musk is posting throughout the day. My son Xavier died from the woke mind virus. That's how he refers to his transgender daughter. What a piece of crap these people are. You know, when I think about these MAGA Republicans as they refer to the transgender congresswoman from Delaware as the gentleman, the Gen, I mean, why are you so evil? Why are these people such freaking bullies?


For what? Just evil in their heart. And that's why at the Midas Touch Network, I so frequently talk not just about politics, but about empathy and being good people and fighting for fellow Americans and standing up. I'm sick and tired of being like, oh, are you like the Joe Rogan of left? No F Joe Rogan. He's a jerk. We're never going to, in any way sacrifice our values. We're never going to punch down on this network. We're gonna be who we always are. We're gonna stand up for people loudly and proudly. That's what we do in this community, in the pro-democracy community. And that is how you have to appeal to American people.


Because if you're gonna go down this Trump maga rabbit hole, you're just as bad as them. Anyway, you've got Senator Bernie Sanders here. Let me just share with you from his speech a a, a part that really resonated with me. Let's play it At this particular moment in history, despair is not an option. Giving up is not acceptable. None of us have the privilege of hiding under the covers as much as we might wanna do that, the stakes for us, for our kids, for future generations and for the planet is just too high.


You know? And as all that's going on, like what is Donald Trump posting again? Like he keeps on posting this weird article from the sun that King Charles is making the secret offer to Donald Trump when Trump visits the uk, by the way, people in uk, why are you having this guy? You better. Why are you having this guy there to begin with? Number one, I, by the way, I think Prime Minister Keir Starer is doing a good job with Ukraine. I think he's been ral. I think he's done an actually an exceptional job with international diplomacy. Like a plus. The, and I get why he want, you know, what do they say? Keep your friends close and your enemies closer. So I, I guess I get it from that perspective.


But here's what Trump's posting about. That King Charles is making him a secret offer to make America a territory of the United Kingdom. I kid you not. That's what this article says that, and then Trump says, good idea for America to have the monarchy. And I think it's part of Trump's plan where Trump then thinks he can use that to make himself a king. Once he makes the United States part of the, I don't what the hell is he talking about? Can you just keep our Medicaid and keep our healthcare and not gut the Department of Education and stop bullying disabled kids and poor kids? Could we stop firing our veterans? I mean, how about that?


By the way, I wanna share this with you as well. Great piece here by PBS, which shows people who were outside the Nebraska Town Hall of a Republican Congress member Congress. Congress member who to at least his credit Congress member flood, at least held the town hall here, play this clip. There is no organized protest, but in this deep red congressional district, those here have deep seated concern about President Trump and Elon Musk. So are we gonna Send him home on the couch and let these billionaires control the country? Hell no. I almost kind of want to cry. It's just I don't see any hope. Okay. Where are you from? Columbus. Columbus. Contrary to some Republican claims that outside groups come to disrupt.


Excuse the congressional district. All of you're from the congressional district. Has anyone been paid to be here? No. No one. Okay. I'm actually taking work off to be here. You're taking Work off. I'm losing money to Be here. Here we are the boss, not the president. We are their constituents. You don't have to follow all of us, but we have to have a voice. And while all of this is going on, Elon Musk is posting memes like this. Just so we're clear, I voted for all of this. It reminds me of former President Biden's kind of final message on the dangers of oligarchy when things were normal. That's why my farewell addressed tonight. I want to warn the country of some things that give me great concern. And this is a dangerous con.


And that's the dangerous concentration of power in the hands of a very few ultra wealthy people. And the dangerous consequences if their abuse of power is left unchecked. Today, an oligarch is taking shape in America of extreme wealth, power, and influence that literally threatens our entire democracy are basic rights and freedoms and a fair shot for everyone to get ahead. We see the consequences all across America. And we've seen it before more than a century ago. But the American people stood up for the Robert Barrons back then and busted the trust.


They didn't punish the wealthy, just made the wealthy pay the by play by the rules. Everybody else had to. So lemme show you one more clip here from a Senator Sanders. Let's play it Now. I don't care if you're a conservative Republican or a progressive. Does anybody think it makes sense that we have a campaign finance system where one man Musk can put $270 million to get Trump elected? And then his reward is that he becomes the most powerful person in government.


That is not democracy, that is oligarchy. But it's not just Republicans. You got billionaire democrats who are telling candidates don't stand up for the working class. So we've got a corrupt campaign finance system. We gotta get rid of this terrible citizens United Supreme Court decisions. And finally, to all of our Maple Midas out there, Midas Maple, our, our Canadian supporters, I just gotta highlight Mark Carney's video right here.


It's exceptional with Mike Myers. Elbows up. Play the Clint. Go. Let go. Let go. Let's go. Mr. Prime Minister Mike Myers, what are you doing here? I just thought I'd come up and check on things. You live in the States? Yeah, but I'll always be Canadian. But you live in the States. Yeah. So do you remember Mr. Dressup, the children's show on CBC? What were the names of Mr. Dress? Ups? Two puppet friends, Casey and Finnegan. Budda. Spud Howie, sneaker Capital, Saskatchewan. Regina, tragically Hip, you're a defenseman defending a two on one. What do you do? Take away the pass, obviously.


What are the two seasons in Toronto? Winter and construction. Wow, you really are Canadian. Yeah. But let me ask you, Mr. Prime Minister, will there always be a Canada? There will always be a Canada. Alright, elbows up. Elbows up. That was so great. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.