
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here, and Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck T what do you know? All sorts of interest and stuff. Even Charles Barkley's greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets If you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Donald Trump is panic posting on Monday morning. He's attacking pollster since Donald Trump's polls are the lowest in modern presidential history. They're actually the lowest going back probably about 80 years. He refers to pollsters whose polls he doesn't like as, and this is a direct quote, negative criminals. He then calls them frauds. He says they are sick And that they are truly the enemy of the people and implies that they need to be imprisoned. So as Donald Trump's first post this morning, he then interferes with Canada's election today and asserts that Canada should be the 51st state again.


He talks about annexing and conquering Canada, and he says that he should be Canada's leader, implying that they should vote for him. I mean, this is the most despicable election interference imaginable, and it's just embarrassing and humiliating Donald Trump trying to make Canada's election all about himself. Today, Donald Trump posts the following. Good luck to the great people of Canada. Elect the man who has the strength and wisdom to cut your taxes in half, increase your military power for free to the highest level in the world, have your car, steel, aluminum, lumber, energy, and all other businesses quadruple in size with zero tariffs or taxes.


If Canada becomes the cherished 51st state of the United States of America, no more artificially drawn line for many years ago. Look how beautiful this land mass would be. Free access with no border, all positives with no negatives. It was meant to be exclamation point. America can no longer subsidize Canada with the hundreds of billions of dollars a year that we have been spending in the past. It makes no sense unless Canada is a state, I'm sorry, Canada. I mean this is some of the most despicable behavior imaginable right here. And it just goes to show you just again, how immature Donald Trump is as well and, and how violent dangerous he is.


And of course, everything he's saying here is false and fraudulent. I mean, Donald Trump has taken a wrecking ball to the United States and Donald Trump wants to see Canada destroyed. And the fact that Donald Trump wants to make Canada's election about himself is just, again, there's really no words for it other than it's just, it's humiliating for the United States. So then Donald Trump sends out his treasury secretary Scott Besant for this interview on Fox. Brian Kilmeade this morning asks Scott Bessant, Donald Trump's treasury secretary if he's worried about empty shelves in stores since shipping from China has essentially come to a halt.


And since products are not reaching the United States of America, listen to what Treasury Secretary Scott Besson says, and his typical arrogant and smug way play this clip Currently right now when you, are you worried about empty shelves? Because they say that a lot of these, the supply lines and the cargo ships are being held up. A lot of people are saying, turn it around with the tariffs this high. I don't want the product. Are you worried about empty shelves? Not at present. We, we have some great retailers. I assume they pre-ordered. I think we'll see some elasticities. I think we'll see replacements and then we will see via how quickly the Chinese wanted deescalate Tamar, Did you hear what he said right there?


He goes, I'm not worried about it at the present. At the present. I'm not worried about it. Are you gonna be worried about it in the future? Are you gonna be worried about it in the next few weeks when products are not on our shelves? When there's a summer of scarcity, when someone's air conditioning breaks down and they can't fix it? When kids can't get school supplies, when people can't buy gifts for people for Christmas at, at, at what point, Scott Bessant, are you going to be a little bit worried about it? Because it seems that your job as the Treasury Secretary should be not to engage in trade wars that destroy the United States of America's economy and strengthen the rest of the world, by the way.


And so here Brian Kme asks Treasury Secretary Besson some more questions about China. And you see Scott Besson goes, you know, maybe, maybe they'll call me someday. China, may, may, maybe they'll gimme a call here. Play this clip Plan on calling your counterpart. We, we will see what happens with, with China that it's, it's important. I think it's unsustainable from the Chinese side. So maybe they'll call me one day. Do You the WTO says 80 trade could dip 80% between the US and China if something doesn't happen quickly. Do you see it that way? Well, look it, that's why I believe it's un And again, the level of arrogance here, how kind of nonchalant is about this while America's economy is suffering.


And we can see, again, trucking volumes and freight volumes coming to an absolute halt. You know, a Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson overnight said the following. Let me make it clear one more time. China and the US are not engaged in any consultation or negotiation on tariffs. China's been making a clear over and over again despite Donald Trump over the weekend, once more lying and saying that he's been involved in direct negotiations with China's President Xi Jingping, And that there are all these conversations taking place and deals are imminent.


China's saying there's no conversations taking place. Let us be very, very clear. And by the way, how do we know that's accurate? Because we can see trucking volumes, we can see freight volumes, we can see that there's no movement at all on any of the, on any of the trade war issues. So then the White House held a press conference early in the morning. They brought in their border czar, they call 'em Tom Holman in front of the White House. They had placards of mugshots of migrants set up in the area where reporters do their media hits. You could see 'em right there, these placards in the mugshots.


So the whole White House lawn had these mugshot placards on it. So what were they talking about at the press briefing earlier this morning? Caroline Levitt, the chief propagandist, took credit for the Colorado College quarterback, Shado Sanders getting picked in the draft four rounds after Donald Trump made a post about Shado Sanders saying he needs to be drafted now four rounds after. Tell me you know nothing about sports without telling me you know nothing about sports. And why are you talking about this Here, play this clip One more.


After the President's truth social post, the Browns finally took Ur Sanders. Does the president think he deserves credit for Sanders getting picked? And does he think going to the Browns is better than being undrafted? Hey, I'm gonna, all I will say is the president put out a statement and a few rounds later he was drafted. So I think the facts speak for themselves on that one. Peter, we'll go to the back row in the middle to the blonde.


Yeah, this show is sponsored by Better Help. Let's talk about numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred dollars to $250 per session, which adds up fast. But with better Help Online therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session. Now with better help, you pay a flat fee for weekly sessions, saving you big on cost and time. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything. From anxiety to everyday stress. Your mental health is worth it. And now it's within Reach. Therapy is helpful for learning positive coping skills and how to set boundaries. It empowers you to be the best version of yourself, and it isn't just for those who've experienced major trauma. With over 30,000 therapists, better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join a session with the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life, plus switch therapists at any time. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/ Midas today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE p.com/ Midas.


Then Donald Trump's Chief Propaganda talks about having 18 written trade proposals. There's no holdup, even though we said 90 deals in 90 days, we now have 18 written trade proposals here. So things are moving smoothly here. Play this clip. You guys have at least 18 written trade proposals. We still don't know who they are from or what they contain. What is the hold up with that? There's no hold up. We're working round the clock. The trade team is working all day. I was on the phone late last night with Secretary Lutnick. I was on the phone this weekend as well with Secretary Bessett. I mean, the entire team is working 24 7 to get these trade deals done.


And I think you'll be hearing more about them this week. I don't wanna get ahead of the trade team or the president and announcing potential deals, but certainly I can assure the American public that this administration is full speed ahead in, in cutting good and fair trade deals on behalf of the American worker. And One more, but Caroline, didn't Donald Trump say in the Time Magazine interview that he's already done 200 deals? Oh, but then Treasury Secretary Scott Besson said no. Donald Trump was not referring to deal deals. He was referring to sub deals. We should have known that these were sub deal conversations. Oh, by the way, Scott Besant, in that interview, he talks about doing, he was asked about the deals as well, and he goes, yeah, we're doing bespoke deals.


Be bespoke deals. What? What? You're doing bespoke deals. What are you talking about? What is it? What do they even mean here? Play this clip. Brian. Probably you get the best reviews of anyone in the administration outside the president. Your thoughts about the pro, the US China standoff right now? Well, Brian, first of all, it's all the president, especially on the 18 important Trading partners. We're doing bespoke deals and he's going to be intimately involved in every one. Two weeks ago when we had the Japanese delegation come in, he started it in the oval and then we took them into the negotiating room. So he laid the groundwork, told them personally how important the relationship was, but also how important a fair deal for the American people is.


So What Is it? Right? They have alternative facts, bespoke deals, sub deals. It's all a bunch of bs. Caroline Levitt speaking to the press this morning also says, we love Pete Hegseth, secretary of Defense, HEIF. We see no issues with Signal Gate, no issue with sending classified information over text messages. He's got the full confidence of the president, we think. We think he's doing a great job here. Play this clip. Peter, we'll go to the back row in the middle to the blonde. Hello. President Trump has said that Secretary Hef will get it together. Does he think that he doesn't have it together right Now?


Look, the President has made his position on Secretary Hegseth quite clear. He absolutely has confidence in the secretary's ability, ability to lead the Pentagon. It's why he nominated him for this position. It's why the Senate voted to confirm him in this position and look at the success that DOD has had thus far their successful operation against the Houthis terrorists in the Middle East. You look at the recruitment and retention levels for all branches of our armed forces are on the incline, which is exactly what this in president intended to do. Secretary Heg said has completely wiped out DEI from the Pentagon as well. And so he's gonna remain focused on standing up for our war fighters on implementing President Trump's peace through strength, foreign policy, agenda abroad.


And the President supports him in his role. Just so you see the type of things that Tom Holman, the border guy, the border Czar was saying during this press conference, Tom Holman was saying that Mexico's paid for the wall in a roundabout way. They paid for the wall here, watch this. Is that what is that? What you're saying i's address that Trump said Mexico won't pay for the wall they have in a roundabout way, have they not putting 10,000 military on the mortar Northern southern border taking the action they did remain in Mexico. They didn't have to do that. They're doing it. Putting military on board have moved illegal immigration to a record wealth. We're saving millions of dollars Every day.


Go back and look, I think there were 20,000 troops at the border when former President Biden was in office. I think there's actually less troops at the border, by the way, while you're at it, Tom Holman or Donald Trump or anybody in the Trump administration. Do you want to acknowledge the two American troops who died that you sent to the border? You, you, you don't do that anymore. You don't, you know, express solemnity when our troops die. You, you don't address that anymore. That's not something that you talk about. Okay? Just cover it up. Okay? Not, you're not gonna talk about the four Lithuanian soldier, American soldiers who died in Lithuania.


No, I, I understand y'all are very busy people. Like over the weekend, you all were holding an event during the White House correspondent dinner, which Trump didn't show up to. The big event was at the Willard Hotel. Donald Trump Jr. And White House Crypto Czar. David Sachs held an after party and launched a club for the ultra wealthy called the Executive Branch. That's what they're calling their club. That cost more than a half a million dollars to join. Normal stuff. Normal stuff. Oh, and by the way, just as an aside, unlike the horrific things this Trump regime does Every day, the Smithsonian is now removing exhibits and artifacts from the African American History Museum a month after President Trump's executive order to remove what he calls improper ideology from Smithsonian Museums.


So they are erasing African American history. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad-free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas plus.com.