
It's turn time. And with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 plus in President select states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non-controllable profit boost tokens restrictions apply, including token expiration and max wager amount. C terms is sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast Terms apply


As Donald Trump continued to take a wrecking ball to the United States economy and to our international alliances and our standing in the world. This is the type of stuff that Donald Trump was posting yesterday. A photo of MAGA Republican Congress member Jim Jordan gesturing with his fingers. What about Donald Trump's very small and tiny brain. What's Jim Jordan even doing here? Oh, he's holding a hearing to look at the left wing activist judges. Oh yes, the MAGA Republicans are spending time attacking the judges who Donald Trump says is being mean to him because Donald Trump wants to invoke war powers to kidnap migrants and without due process, send him to concentration camps in El Salvador and to revoke temporary protected status of over 350,000 Venezuelans.


By the way, the Venezuelan community had previously been supportive of Donald Trump, but Trump wanted to do it. And federal judges are saying, hold off for now. We need to determine if there should be due process. 'cause our constitution calls for due process. And then Donald Trump's like, well, they're being mean to me. These unfair judges are being meany heads to me. So Jim Jordan, can you hold the hearing? And Jim Jordan's like, yeah, Donald, whatever you want, I'll hold the hearing. So absolutely pathetic. Also, yesterday Donald Trump was attacking other law firms, big law firms, and trying to make them do settlements with him. All, all of this, by the way, while Donald Trump says today, he calls it 'cause he is psychotic Liberation day where he is gonna tariff the world.


But he hasn't explained, at least as of yesterday, or at least as of this morning, when I'm making this early in the morning, is it gonna be universal tariffs across the board at the same amount to every country in the world? Is it gonna be uniquely tailored to each country? Like what is it that you are doing? Donald Trump, like refusing to talk about it yesterday, but he was point posting photographs of Jim Jordan. Like, no, it's obvious, right? Like, like why you have Judge Susan Crawford winning in Wisconsin against the MAGA Doge candidate, Brad Shimmel, the pro-democracy judge, Susan Crawford prevailing in that big Supreme Court race in Wisconsin, where Elon Musk threw millions and tens of millions of dollars to try to get his handpicked Doge MAGA candidate Brad Schell elected, despite all the money thrown at the that race by Elon Musk, the pro-democracy candidate, judge Susan Crawford won because Americans are pissed.


People in Wisconsin are pissed. What Trump and Doge and Musk have done with their hostile takeover of the federal government, what Trump and Musk and Doge have done in destroying the lives of veterans and federal workers and cruelly toying with people's social security cutting, social security administration offices and services, creating this tax cuts for billionaires $4.5 trillion in tax cuts while cutting $880 billion in Medicaid. It's horrific. And look, this is from yesterday on the Hill Magar, Republicans like Senator Tom Tillis of North Carolina and others, you'll see in this video saying that tariffs are gonna hurt their people.


It's gonna cause pain and suffering. And what's up with this pain and suffering That what Trump and Musk keep saying, people need to be, have a a pain and suffering inflicted on them. Here, Play this clip. Anyone who says there may be a little bit of pain before we get things right, need to talk about farmers who are one crop away from bankruptcy. They don't have time. So we've gotta be crisp on this implementation, otherwise we could do damage that's irreparable to farmers. As presidents admitted T will create pain for some businesses, and I Think Wisconsin will be particularly hard hit with all the manufacturing and agricultural interests. So he's used tars in the past effectively to get nations do what they should have done anyway, right now, give 'em the benefit of doubt.


But I'm concerned We've already heard from some of our beef processors, popcorn exporters that they're loose some market share in Europe, so is concerning. And, but I'm all for fair trade reciprocal tariffs. I Think in the end, a trade war doesn't help anybody. Now, yesterday also, we saw Senator Corey Booker complete what was the kind of longest Senate speech in history, bringing attention to the wrecking ball that is Trump and Doge and Musk and what they've done to the United States economy, our alliances, our international standing. Here's Cory Booker or Senator Booker here Play this clip. Paul, let's get back to the ideals that others are threatening.


Let's get back to our founding documents that those imperfect geniuses had some very special words at the end of the Declaration of Independence was one of the greatest in all of humanity declarations of interdependence when our founders said, we must mutually pledge, pledge to each other, our lives, our fortunes, and our sacred honor. We need that now from all Americans. This is the moral moment. It's not left or right, it's right or wrong. It's getting good trouble. My friend Madam President, I yield the floor.


And just so you see, even how Fox was talking about it yesterday, Trump's tariffs like Peter Ducey from Fox wasn't able to articulate like, we still don't know what these tariffs are gonna look like. Are they gonna be universal? Are they gonna be, you know, tailored to reciprocal, uniquely tailored to each country? Here Play this clip Tomorrow. There's still time for him to change his mind, but we are told he has settled on one of two possibilities, either a 20% flat tariff or adjustable tariffs where we are, the United States is implementing something on another country based on what their tariff is on us, despite, I wanna share this with you as well. This is Senator Chris Murphy, a democrat, and here he talks about how he goes, newsflash these Trump and these magnas are incompetent.


Like so it's not shocking that these incompetent and unqualified people are doing incompetent and, and things that people who are not qualified do. And then they try to cover it up, which just makes it worse. Here, Play this clip. You know, newsflash, these guys are incompetent. They don't know what they're doing. I, I mean, we hired a weakened Fox News host with no diplomatic or management experience with a checkered personal history of abuse and alcoholism to be our chief national security official. And it's going very badly. I I don't know that anybody could have seen this coming.


The reality is that, you know, these revelations are really worrying, but you know, their contempt for remediation is even more worrying. They opened and closed an investigation in about 48 hours. They haven't announced any change in practice. For all they know they're continuing to conduct sensitive business on signal or on Gmail. For all we know, they're continuing to include non-ad administration officials on those message thread. With all of this going on, is there any stability? No. Is there any articulation of a plan or policy?


No. What are we hearing about yesterday? Well, the Washington Post got this scoop. A senior White House officials said the administration is currently analyzing the estimated cost of acquiring Greenland, including factoring in the cost of providing government services to its citizens. Budget officials are still working to determine what the cost could be. White House officials say the, the, the story is White House studying costs of Greenland takeover long in Trump's sites. It's the most concrete effort yet to turn Trump's desire to acquire the Danish territory into actionable policy despite widespread international outrage.


They're going through the financial costs of going to war against a NATO ally, Denmark, Greenland is within the territory of the kingdom of Denmark. By the way, the new Greenland prime Minister says they're looking forward to having the Danish Prime Minister visit Greenland. And Trump's trying to do budget projections of what it would cost to what to go to war and, and, and take it over. That's, that's what they're spending their time doing in the Trump regime. And by the way, the Washington Post is writing about it. Like, it's like, like, like this is a, nor like this is a normal discussion.


This from the Wall Street Journal opinion section, tariffs won't bring a boom in American manufacturing. But tax credit subsidized loans and grants could boost US production energy in some products. Quote, we know this is from the op-ed like Mur, this is Murdoch trying to tell Trump what to do. It's like Murdoch saying, listen, you idiot, let me explain to you what you need to do so that you can actually like help the economy. That's what's going on here. Quote, we know of no example in the history of advanced economies of sweeping tariffs, having the positive effects the Trump team believes are waiting us, are waiting for us on the other side of his tariff.


Push this from Bloomberg Trump's 25% tariff hands, the car industry keys to China. We're now looking at a future where Beijing rules the road. This is from the article quote, if you're wanting to bring manufacturing jobs back to the Heartlands of America, landing a blow against these two Asian allies is a strange way to go about it. What we're seeing right now is China reaching economic agreements with Japan and South Korea because Trump is attacking Japan and South Korea, which former presidential administrations worked hard to create deterrence against China's aggression and China's growth as an economic power.


The Trump regime just broke all of these deals with the, between the us, Japan, and South Korea. Now you have South Korea, Japan, and China joining together. And by the way, you have China conducting aggressive military exercises in Taiwan because they smell weakness in Donald Trump. I'll do a whole other video on that as well. And then here you have Caroline Levitt yesterday asked at a press conference, Hey, Donald Trump said that foreign countries are gonna eat the cost of tariffs. So why is he asking domestic automakers not to raise their prices? If he says this is gonna be great, take a listen to her response. Good Question.


It's Liberation Day. Yes, it's Caroline, the president has said foreign tomorrow IES and companies will eat the cost of tariffs. In his speech on inauguration day, he said, quote, instead of taxing our citizens to enrich other countries, we will tariff and tax foreign countries to enrich our citizens. Right? So then why did he have to tell the domestic automakers not to raise prices? Well, that was a private conversation that was had. I'm not sure if that comment was made or was not made. But as for what the president said in his inauguration day speech, he's absolutely correct. A tariff will be attacks on these foreign nations, these foreign companies. And if they want to be absolved of that tariff, then they can come here to the United States of America to do business, bring their jobs here She goes, I'm not sure if that comment was made or not made.


That's your response. And finally, I wanna show you this clip that was put together by our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski, where he goes, the first half of this clip is Donald Trump from last month telling one of his favorite, sir, sir stories about his joint chief's chair nominee Dan Kane, which he's told hundreds of times. The second half of the clip is Cain testifying yesterday to the Senate to be confirmed as the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of staff showing surprise, surprise, Donald Trump is lying. Let's play the clip. This is where I met General Raisin Cain.


Now watch your name, general, what's your name? And he gave me his name. What's your name, sir? Yes sir. And I love you, sir. I Think you're great, sir. I'll kill for you sir. Then he puts on a Make America great. Again. You're not allowed to do that, but they did it. I the Story where he spoke to you while you were serving in Iraq on active duty and you said that you loved him. And I'll kill for you, sir. The president then said that you followed up these comments by putting on a Make America great again Hat General Cain. As any of this re Senator, as I mentioned to the chairman for 34 years, I've upheld my oath of office and, and, and the responsibilities of my commission.


I, I Think I went back and listened to those tapes and I Think the president was actually talking about somebody else. And I've never worn any political merchandise or said anything to that effect. Well, there you have it folks. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas, check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.