
If you've heard that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the science-backed language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Bael gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee. Just start speaking another language with Bael Right now, up to 55% off your babble subscription at babel do com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms. Apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G. Pt, what do You know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spend $5 to get 200 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and President in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook gambling problem? Call one 800 gambler


More pathetic behavior from MAGA Mike Johnson and Donald Trump. So now Mag Mike Johnson is refusing to even take questions from the press about this disastrous budget. Bill also Mag Mike set a hearing in the rules committee at 1:00 AM this morning or 1:00 AM in the night, however you want to characterize it, hoping that the media would not cover what was taking place at all to try to push through this budget bill through the rules committee, literally at 1:00 AM while Americans are sleeping. And I previously showed you how MAGA Mike was handing out talking points to his fellow MAGA Republican congress members to try to discredit the non-partisan CBO Congressional Budget Office by calling it a leftist radical extremist organization that hates Donald Trump.


Despite the fact that MAGA Mike Johnson and other members of Congress previously cited to the Congressional budget office's nonpartisan reports when it suited them to try to attack former President Biden when what would've been added to the deficit under some of the proposals by Biden are way smaller than what's being caused by this disastrous Trump budget plan, which on the small side would add about four to $5 trillion to the deficit. But a MAGA Republican congress member who is not happy at all with this bill says it's gonna add about $20 trillion. That would be MAGA Republican Congress member Thomas Massey saying it'll add $20 trillion.


So let's just go through what's taking place here. We have the Congressional Budget Offices recent score that just came out yesterday where they're saying that the GOP bill would hurt the poorest 10% of Americans while benefiting the top 10% of Americans. And at least 8.6 million people are gonna lose their health insurance on the low end. 7.6 million people will be dropped from Medicaid right away and 1 million people will lose their Affordable Care Act plans. I mean, this is one of the biggest wealth distributions from not wealthy people, from poor people to the richest Americans.


As Brendan Duke explains. The official CBO analysis confirms the obvious. The House Republican tax and budget bill isn't shared sacrifice. It makes poor people poorer and rich people richer. It does this by cutting healthcare and nutrition to help finance tax cuts skewed to the very, very, very wealthy. It's a really horrific, horrific budget. It's just frankly cruel. So let's go through the data points now. First, let me show you maga Mike Johnson yesterday refusing to answer any questions at all regarding this budget plan here. Play this clip. Now we're not gonna take a lot of questions this morning 'cause we've already done a ton of media with you in the halls.


The president gave you a lot, we gave you a lot. What what we're leaving to do Right now is gather up the small subgroups in the in the House Republican Conference and tie up the remaining loose ends. I'm very confident that we'll be able to do that. There's a great esprit de corps in the room this morning 'cause everybody knows what's at stake. All the things we've talked about here this morning. We are going to get this done. So I'm gonna, this is a rare thing I'm gonna say hold the questions and let me go get back to work so we can finish this thing up. Okay, thanks for being here this morning. Thanks for doing this morning. So Democratic Congress member Jim McGovern from Massachusetts raised a very simple point. So if this bill is so great, if you all think this is really, really good, why are you debating it at 1:00 AM?


Why are you trying to literally hide it while Americans are sleeping Here? Play this clip of Congress member McGovern. What I do want to talk about is the fact that this morning after midnight, actually Republicans told us that we would be considering their budget reconciliation bill at one o'clock in the morning on Wednesday. If Trump's big, beautiful bill is so great, why not debate it when people are still awake? Wouldn't you want everyone to know how great it is? Why are you debating it at one o'clock in the morning? I think that's prime time in Guam. Any person with half a brain cell can immediately figure out why you wanna notice a meeting for 1:00 AM is because you don't want people to know what's in your bill.


Remember what Trump said, close your eyes and vote for it. That's exactly what you're all doing because you all know exactly what the bill does, how unpopular it is and what regular Americans think of it. It's gonna give a huge, massive historic tax cut to billionaires paid for by stealing, stealing from the American people, ripping away Medicaid from parents and grandparents, ripping away food assistance from kids. This is not, this is not hyperbole, my friends. We're not fearmongering. No matter, and no matter how many times you use the word that doesn't make it true. Your big beautiful scam is a historic giveaway to those at the very, very top financed and paid for by the rest of America.


So again, I ask if this bill is so great, why debate it at one o'clock in the morning? And we all know the answer. So Then you have the mare Republican congress members who are against this bill and who have said that they will not vote for it despite Donald Trump showing up on Capitol Hill and attacking them and threatening them. So here you have MAGA Republican Congress member Thomas Massey, and he's asked by Manu Raju from CNN what he thinks about the Trump claim, that this is not going to add to the deficit. To which again, Thomas Massey MAGA Republican, he says, this is gonna add $20 trillion to the debt over the next 10 years.


Play this clip. We Worried about the blow battle Trump allies for the MAGA base for buying them. No, actually I, I've got a lot of people in the MAGA base who realize that we could have done this differently. We could extend the tax cuts and paid for them, but instead we're not, I mean, over here, the people in favor of this bill say that under the policies of this bill, we're gonna add 20 trillion to debt over the next 10 years, which is three and half to $5 trillion more than would've been heard. Yeah, that's a joke. Now here's what MAGA Republican chip Roy warns about the discussions that are underway.


And specifically you have a number of kind of factions taking place. Let me just show you Chip Roy, then let's talk about these factions. Let's play it. And if they increase the all cap, then my price for yes just goes up. I fundamentally reject that. We have met the parameters that Chip Roy and the Freedom Caucus set. They can't keep moving the goalpost along the way. So you have people like Chip Roy who want even more cuts to Medicaid, more cuts to snap. They think that there's not enough cuts. They also don't like this idea of blue states either significantly raising the salt cap state and local tax cap, which Donald Trump artificially put at $10,000 state and local tax deduction back in 2017, really punitive against blue states.


You know, and some of these other blue state members of Congress either want the cap raised or eliminated. You have MAGA Republican congress members who want the cap remaining at $10,000. You've got other MAGA Republicans who think it's bad optics to take away people's Medicaid. And then you have other MAGA Republicans who say it adds too much to the deficit. Those are the fights taking place Right now. This was yesterday on Capitol Hill where you have MAGA Republican rep, Burleson and MAGA Republican Congress member self and others criticizing this bill here, play this Clinton, this Bill comes to the floor year. No, Right now I'm a no. I want to get to a yes, I absolutely want to get to a yes, but I just, I'm, I I I ran on balancing the budget.


I don't know that I can sleep at night if, if I, if I don't stick to that, it's already very expensive with tripled it with no negotiations. Everybody's just assumed the 30,000. Now they're asking for more. Are you still now nothing's changed. Don't work for the Freedom Caucus. They just need to get over themselves. So then you have magar Republican congress members like Warren Davis. Warren Davidson, a New York maga, Republican Congress member, Lata. And again, Lata was basically yelled at by Donald Trump yesterday for requesting that the salt deduction cap either be significantly higher or just removed entirely.


Let's play this clip right here. But if this Bill came To the floor Right now, could you vote Yes. I couldn't vote for this bill Right now. I mean, it grows deficit spending Right now. So it does raise the debt limit. We need to do that. But it doesn't cut spending. So it sounds like Trump didn't change Your mind. We'll see if he changes the bill. So You sound pretty frustrated Right Now. I'm fired up man. I'm here to fight for long Islanders regular middle class people who just trying to make a living. Those are the people who need to be included in this bill. He said we're done negotiating with you guys. Did he not? What I took that is, Hey, everybody, figure it out. Everybody get in a room and figure it out for the country and for your District. And here we hear more from Maggie Republican congress members as well, like Mike Lawler, who says, this was all pretty stupid waiting until the last minute MAGA Republican Congress member Bacon and another clip here of MAGA Republican Chip Roy play this clip.


They chose to wait till the last minute. And why is that? What, what's the reason for that? You'll have to ask them. I was pretty stupid exercise, frankly. Well, we work hard to get an agreement and the committees pass stuff out and then people come in and wanna undo 'em. It makes us mad. You got an angry group of folks out there. Can you support it? No. We've got lots of work to go, lots of, lots of miles to put in on this thing. Should they have this 1:00 AM meeting on Wednesday? No, they're trying to run it in through the jet toes. And I just don't agree with that. I mean, I'll keep working in good faith to try to make the doll as good as it can be and then decide where things stand. I think it's not the way we should do business. Here's Congress member Ogles and Bacon. Here they are right here.


Does The speaker not bring this to the floor by Thursday? Well, that's up to the speaker. But I would say that if the vote were held Right now, it dies a painful death. Are You, you're concerned about what the Freedom Caucus is pushing for Right now? Oh yeah, but we have to defend against it. 'cause they're in a, in a sense of pretty poison pills then that won't pass. That's what the president's saying. So hopefully heed the president. And you can see this is all Republicans fighting Republicans Right now. Right? So you have MAGA Republican, patronus attacking MAGA, Republican LA Loda over the salt issue saying, You know, Loloa, You know he's losing his constituents to Florida from New York. So why are we trying to help New York in any way raise the state and local tax deduction cap play this clip.


Let's talk about one of those, which is something that concerns Congressman Loloa and others. The state and local taxes is deduction capped. It's a huge issue in higher earning districts like New York, as we certainly understand. Why should someone like Congressman Loloa vote against the interests of their constituents? I get it, but You know what? Every single day Congressman Loloa is losing constituents to the state of Florida because we have no state income tax. So again, this is failed leadership in New York's Albany Capital. You've got governors in Illinois and New York and California that just do not know how to get their financial house in order.


So this problem is not his problem. This is the governor of New York's problem and their inability to control their own finances. I, I just wanna say this, okay? Blue states by and large are donor states and red states are taker states. It's such a wild concept to me that these congress members from the red states whose entire states are subsidized by the blue states, they wouldn't exist without. The blue states are so punitive and attack the blue states the way You know, the way they do. And there are some congress members who are still Republican from these blue states. Even if this thing gets through in the House of Representative, the next hurdle's gonna be in the Senate.


And from what we're hearing from all of these senators, whether it's Rand Paul, Susan Collins, Ron Johnson, Josh Hawley, they're saying they're not going to support this bill in the way that the House of Representatives is trying to push this forward play. This clip. I don't think, I don't think people who voted for President Trump thought that we would continue spending at President Biden's levels. My objection is still raising the debt ceiling by either four or $5 trillion. I think what that does is basically show that conservative and Republicans are concerned with the deficit. Yes. You know, I've been very wary of cutting Medicaid.


It's wrong to cut healthcare for the working poor. And that's what what we're talking about here with Medicaid. My state is a Medicaid expansion State. So that's the dynamic on Capitol Hill Right now with maga. Mike Johnson refusing to take questions. And then I'll just leave you with this fraud that Donald Trump is engaged in where Donald Trump is saying, I'm not worried about the deficit. He said, because he claims that he brought in $7.1 trillion in his Middle East trip, which in the same sentence he says 5 trillion or 5.1 trillion. Then he says 7 trillion. He adds 2 trillion in the same sentence. He has not brought in 7 trillion. He's not brought in 1 trillion.


Okay? The entire GDP of Qatar is one point is 200 billion. So Qatar can't give 1.2 trillion. Their entire annual GDP is 200 billion. The entire GDP of the United Arab Emirates is 400 million. The entire GDP of Saudi Arabia is 1.1 trillion. They're not giving their entire annual GDP to the United States and they're not giving it immediately to the United States. It would take 'em, You know, 20, 30 years if they were going to do that. And they would bankrupt their own countries. But here's Donald Trump saying that in order to justify this bill, which I agree with Massey, this is, I've always said this number, it's gonna add $20 trillion. Here's what Trump said.


Played, They respect our country. Again, they were gonna go to China. China was gonna take over those countries 100%. They were dealing with China 'cause they weren't treated right by the last administration. And they have tremendous economic power. They have more money than anybody. We probably have more money, but we have other things like this. They are very, very, they're very cash rich to put it loudly. And they're spending 5.1 trillion, probably is gonna be 7 trillion by the time we stop. And You know, somebody said every other president goes and leaves and spends money, gives other countries money. I'm the only one that goes and takes money back. You know, when you think of it, I said, that's an interest state statement.


I never thought of it that way. But we have a a, this is really just a pep. You have a very unified house and we have a very unified senate. Well, there you have it folks. Let me know what you think and hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.