
Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms Proving difficult to manage TREM via guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year, many patients taking Taya achieved clinical remission, and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. Taya is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis, serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor If you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or If you need a vaccine. Ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms, call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more, or visit tremfya radio.com.


Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions apply. See terms and conditions at KLM Deo.


I am ready for my life to change. A B, C Sunday's American Idol is all new. Give it your all. Good luck. Come up the golden ticket. Let's hear it. This is man's word. I've never seen anything like it. And a new chapter begins Hollywood. Carrie Underwood joins Lionel Richie, Luke Bryan and Ryan Seacrest on American Idol New Sundays eight seven Central on A, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


Your data is like gold to hackers. They'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered tech scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com. Cancel any anytime terms apply.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. Oh, what advice they have My favorite brand. A woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


Have you noticed Trump is looking pretty Beatdown, pretty fatigued lately as though he's somehow shocked that the world and now Democrats and other people are actually standing up to him. I mean, look at him yesterday and then the day before when he did that weird product placement event. Look, Caroline Levitt, Donald Trump's pink dress lady. She's unable to spin this. I mean, she's making matters worse. And then you have Donald Trump's pink dress, man. His vice p his vice president, JD Vance can't spin this either. This was the real release though, that they released. Not the, the photo isn't real. But what they said here is actually from the White House.


This was another week filled with endless wins for the American people under President Donald J. Trump. All right, well let's, let's take out the receipts. Let's see if we've got these endless wins from the Wall Street Journal editorial board. Again, this is a right-leaning Wall Street Journal. How do you like the trade war? Now Trump is furious that Canada won't take tariffs lying down from the Wall Street editorial board. We said from the beginning that this North American trade war is the dumbest in history and we were being kind Donald. It's the right-leaning Wall Street Journal. So if you're like, oh, I heard that this is the anti-Trump channel, 'cause that's what they're saying in the media.


I'm just reading for you the headline from the Wall Street Journal. I find those other headlines funny as well. Take a look at this one right here from Chief Executive Magazine. Not exactly a bastion of liberals. They said the following, a poll of more than 220 US CEOs finds business confidence at the lowest level since November, 2012. CEO optimism plummets in March amid tariff uncertainty. Here's another doozy from the Wall Street Journal. Trump's economic message is spooking some of his own advisors. President's team receives flood of calls from business executives concerned about mixed messaging on tariffs.


Quote, senior officials, including White House chief of staff, Susie Wiles, have received panic calls from chief executives and lobbyists. It has been a horrific start for the economic policy team. So, you know, when I have the headlines, oh, Trump panicking or 'cause I'm literally saying what the truth is. And I know sometimes in a Trump world the truth may hurt, but we gotta say what the truth is. Here's another Wall Street Journal headline. Is Trump throwing it all away? Duh. His tariff circus undermines us standing just when it could be most useful.


The US has been the best functioning, most innovative economy in the world at a time when its rivals and partners are all struggling for different reasons. Trump is throwing it away with his tariff policy. But Donald Trump doesn't seem to care. What was he posting first thing in the morning yesterday? Wow. He goes, he goes, wow, people are loving Elon. A great patriot. Nice to see. I mean, literally people despise Elon Musk. I, I'll show you this one right here. For example, I'll show you a Trump Republican congressional district right here during a town hall. They, they, they now do phone town halls rather than in-person town halls because they're terrified of what's gonna actually happen.


And so the MAGA Republican Congress member Tom Barrett from Michigan seventh, this is Republican district, ask the people type whatever. If you like Doge type whatever. If you don't support Doge, watch what happens. I wonder if these are all the soro spots here play this clip. We'll Go ahead and move on to our second poll question. And that question is, do you approve of the Department of Government efficiency's mission to streamline the federal government and reduce spending? Again, this question is regarding Doge. Do you approve of the Department of Government efficiency's mission to streamline the federal government and reduce spending?


Press one for yes and press two for no. Again, that's one for yes and two for no. Our results are coming in and it's an at 70% for no and 30% for yes, that's 70% for no and 30% for yes, for the approval of Dojo's mission to streamline the federal government and reduce spending. And By the way, you know, people are calling cspan, and I'm not gonna, I could show you dozens of calls like this, but I'll just show you this one right here. Let's play it Just like in 30 days. I mean our, you know, domestically, he's tanking the economy ly handed with the tariffs.


And I just, I just got a new heater today. I'm already affected by the tariffs. How, how's that retain The part parts are, they say up eight to 10% already, just in parts for the heater. So I ended up getting a new heater. But The company told you that, the company that you bought it from. Yeah. Right, right. You know, and they passed on that eight to 10% to you. So you paid an X. Yeah, exactly. Okay. Yeah. And that's, this is for every kind of part from outside the, the country. And no matter what it is, I mean, that includes everything that comes to the United States, to these terrorists that he is imposed.


We geek out for a minute on something. I think it's gonna be helpful for you. It's called Fatty 15. It's co-founder Dr. Stephanie Vin Watson discovered C 15 as the first essential fatty acid to be found in 90 years while working with the US Navy to improve the health and welfare of aging dolphins. It's pretty simple. Essential nutrients keep our cells healthy, which keeps us healthy. So if you want to get sciencey about its studies show that C 15, it works by strengthening our cells, improving our mitochondrial function, and protecting us against damaging free radicals. So if you feel like, how could I stop aging faster or I'm sleeping poorly or feeling sluggish? The bottom line is that many of us are deficient in C 15, which results in weaker cells, which results in those things. So Fatty 15 is the Science fact award-winning vegan and pure C 15 supplement that steps in and helps. It works in multiple ways. It repairs age, age related damage to cells. It protects them from future breakdowns. It boosts mitochondrial energy output and activates pathways in the body that help regulate sleep, mood, natural repair mechanisms that support our overall help. So deeper sleep, smoother functioning joints, healthier hair, skin and nails. That's essential. And the C 15 helps here and fatty 15 deliver. So it comes in these gorgeous reusable glass bamboo jars and refill capsules that are shipped to your door quarterly in pouches made from recycled materials. I love that. Fatty 15 is on a mission to replenish your, set, your C 15 levels and restore your long-term health. You can Get an additional 15% off their 90 day subscription starter kit by going to fatty fifteen.com/midas and using the code Midas at checkout. That's fatty fifteen.com/midas. FAY one five.com/midas. M-E-I-D-A-S. Use that code Midas at checkout. MEI Ds.


Yeah, people are pissed right now. Workers are getting destroyed, veterans are getting destroyed. People's retirement and savings is getting destroyed, pensions are being destroyed. And what's Donald Trump doing? Holding product placement events saying how much he loves Elon? Here's a scoop right here from Karen Tumulty scoop. Social security facing pressure from Doge is now weighing big cuts to phone service agency considers ending phone program that helps claims processing and is used by millions. In other words, you won't be able to call social security anymore. Remember I showed a video a few days ago where the wait time just to even get somebody was like 10 hours and then to process a claim, it was like a year.


What do you think happens when they fire everybody who's gonna be able to process the claims? So one of the ways they're gonna try to privatize and get rid of social security is by firing everybody. Let the system crash, let it fail, and then try to have a business basically take it over. I wonder, I wonder which businesses it's going to be. Is it gonna be an Elon Musk business? Shocker, shocker, shocker. But you know, look, the Trump administration's focused on what's mattering to the American people most plastic straws and making sure that the DOJ is involved in robust enforcement of plastic straw situation from the office of the Attorney General President Trump.


This is, this is real. This is real memo that was issued. Moments recently, Trump recognized that there has been an irrational campaign against plastic straws that has led to the forced use of non-functional, more expensive and potentially hazardous paper straws. The department stands with the president in rejecting this misguided effort of supporting plastic straws. Folks, there's a real, I'm not making this up, that that's what their focus is on. That's a real memo. I'll give you this update as well. Judge Tanya Chuin, Washington DC Federal judge issued a powerful ruling yesterday, which has Trump and Musk freaked out saying that Doge needs to submit to immediate expedited discovery.


We told you about Judge Cooper doing that. In another case, judge Chuin goes even further. So the walls are closing in on Doge, the walls are closing in on Doge and Guantanamo Bay is closing. Re remember, as I say, the corruption of the Trump administration is matched by its incompetence. So they couldn't even figure out the Guantanamo Bay thing first. One of the things people uncovered is that in Guantanamo Bay, where they said they were giving the most dangerous migrants, almost none of the migrants were actually dangerous. They picked like, like 40 or 140 people.


Originally it wasn't even that many people. And they were non-violent people, not the gangs that they said. And they just took like people and threw 'em in Guantanamo Bay and then like deported them elsewhere to other places. But they like put 'em in Guantanamo Bay. Well now ICE has now returned all migrants from Guantanamo Bay to state fi to stateside facilities. A new court filing described strip searches and the use of restrained chairs on some of the 290 migrants. The Trump administration has cycled through the base. Jennifer Griffin over at Fox. She's one of the good ones they have over there. Good, good reporters. She goes, Gitmo detention plans hit another bump.


The administration's decision to take migrants to Gimo appears at best to have been an expensive photo op. Now Fox News has learned, all the migrants held that Gimo have been sent to the US and plans to send more to the US Naval Station have been put on hold. Read the thread from Liz Fry below. Why can't all the reporters there be like Jennifer Griffin? There are currently no migrants being held at Gitmo and no flight schedule to arrive. Fox has learned none of the one hundred and ninety five ten set up to hold. Migrants have been used because they do not meet ICE standards. According to several US officials, the operation to build more tents was halted back in February, just several weeks after it started.


Remember these photo ops from cosplay, Homeland Security Secretary Christie Nome under President Donald Trump. The days of open borders are over. High threat criminals are being arrested and locked up in Gitmo. Then she did this photo op and then she did this video where she talked about it and then she went on Fox and did this video. Hi everybody. I'm down here at Guantanamo Bay checking out some of the operations that we're standing up to house the worst of the worst and illegal criminals that are in the United States of America. They won't be there for long. We want to thank President Trump for all of his hard work to make America safe again. Well, it was all bs. I do wanna mention this as well because it's not getting attention in American media.


Like did y'all know that like a Russian ship, cargo ship intentionally crashed into another ship, a US tanker transporting jet fuel for the US military off the coast of Britain on March 10th? Did you know that happened? I mean, the Russian national's been arrested. The, the Russian crew was arrested, but it seems to be an intentional act of war, but we don't hear a lot of people talking about that here. That the captain of the ship was Russian. We'll be reporting on more on that in in other videos as well. The one thing I think to, to note about America's crashing economy though is that other areas in the world are doing okay or good.


Like If you just take a look at this chart right here, the US stocks have underperformed the global markets in 2025 like significantly. And when was the date where the global markets significantly overtook the US markets? Ah, surprise, surprise. The day of the inauguration, the day of the inauguration, the Atlanta Federal Reserve was predicting of Trump. Just kept the former Biden economy on autopilot, did nothing golfed, took credit for it. Just said, look what I do. Look what I built. It probably would've grown about 3% GDP quarter one. Now we're expecting a contraction, a recession as well with about negative 2.8 to negative 3% GDP.


But folks, the MAGA Republicans want to spin this all as great stuff. Like Laura Inhi says. This is a transition. We're living through a great transition play this clip. So what we're living through now is a transition. And this one's good for us. For decades, ours has been an economy driven by government stimulus, a lot of printing and borrowing of money, government spending, government giveaways. And Trump knows our survival though requires a return to an economy by private sector productivity the way it used to be. That's why the playing field and global trade has got to be leveled. And Tommy Tuberville, MAGA, Republican senator says, no pain, no gain.


Play the clip And Trump's tariffs making America great again. It's a great strategy is somebody's finally doing something out of the White House, president Trump, that is Trump that says you have to take an action in another country. Yeah, no pain, no gain. That's what we used to tell our football players. There's gonna be some pain with tariffs, but tariffs got us back as the strongest economy in the world. When President Trump was in the first time, he knows what he's doing. Democrats get outta the way. Shut up. You have no answers. You didn't do anything right. In the last four years with Joe Biden, we have a game plan. Trump has a game planned along with hired lunik and the other people that, that are pushing the tariffs.


We can turn this thing around. But folks, lemme tell you, this is our last chance. If we can't get it done now with tariffs and with putting and pulling regulations and getting people back to work and cutting our, our, our debt and cutting the amount of spending, we're not gonna have the country that we've had before. So people need to just listen, learn from this. Understand it's short term pain. We're gonna get this turned around. President Trump knows exactly what he is doing and he has a game plan, something democrats didn't know anything about. No pain, no gain. And then you have Trump's trade advisor, Peter Navarro saying this was the best 50 days ever play this clip. President Trump has had the best 50 days of any president in American history and there's no sign inside here or outside there that that's gonna slow down, right?


Because we got a lot of good stuff to go and we're just gonna, I mean, and I'm so pleased with, with the trade team and, and the vice president 'cause we are all on the same page mo moving the same direction on the president's leadership and it's working beautifully Well. This last thing I want to point out to everybody as well is it seems obvious that Vladimir Putin rejected the ceasefire agreement. Putin launched drone strikes on Kiev hours after Trump challenged him to quote Tango and agreed to Ukraine. Ceasefire as pressure mounts on Kremlin to back down, oh, that's gonna do it. Trump's gonna say, tango, tango Putin.


Don't you want to? Tango Putin's just like ignoring it. Serge Lavrov, Putin's foreign ministers, like just basically ignoring it. And they're asked, not only are they ignoring it, they went into the SK region dressed in military fatigues and Putin demanded that the war be escalated and that more land be taken. So that's what happened. Anyway, we'll keep you posted with more. I'm Ben Marcellus. This is the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.