
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spend $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a price they have. My favorite brand. It's like a whole new BU Dodge. Ah, I Think buy two. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals you'll love Burlington. I told you so.


The new KFC dunk it bucket with juicy original recipe tenders. New mashed potato poppers, crispy fries, plus three sauces that fit right on top of the lid. So you can dunk anywhere. You can dunk at the game dunk while security points to the no outside food sign and dunk as 20,000 people watch you and your dunk it bucket Get removed from the stadium dunk almost anywhere with the new $7 KFC. Dunk it bucket. Or get the double dunk it bucket for 25. Prices and participation vary while supplies last Texas tips and fees extra.


So did Donald Trump blink yesterday? Was he terrified seeing the bond market implode? Was he manipulating the market? Was he just trying to do another distraction? Was it all of the above? Let's explore and let's not ignore some of the other disastrous things Donald Trump did yesterday, like signing executive orders, directing the Department of Justice to investigate Miles Taylor and Chris Krebs because he said that they believe that the election from 2020 was not stolen. And because he believes the election was stolen and they're outspoken against Donald Trump's election lies, they need to be criminally investigated.


Let's be clear, we are all Chris Krebs and Miles Taylor. Donald Trump is just waiting for the time to go after all of us. But let's explore first the financial and let's go into some of these other areas. So right yesterday, Donald Trump announces, voila, these big, beautiful tariffs that are gonna make us all rich. He's pausing the tariffs on the entire world that he imposed based on a fake formula other than China. He raised the tariffs against China to 125%, but the rest of the world will be tariffed at 10%. But all of those other tariffs that were above that 10% based on that fake formula, those would be paused for a 90 day period.


So here's the headline from the Wall Street Journal, why Trump blinked on tariffs just hours after they went into effect. Treasury Secretary Scott Besson helped persuade Donald Trump to take time to negotiate with trading partners in face of pressure from business leaders. So Donald Trump gave press conferences yesterday where he said he was scared. Things weren't going as planned, the markets were getting spooked, and he was using words like that. Treasury Secretary Scott Besson Trump's Propagandas. Caroline Levitt said this was all part of the order of the deal. This was all part of the plan. So the plan was to lie to the people, lie to the markets, lie to corporations, lie to the world, crash the markets, wipe out $10 trillion from the markets, and then say that was the plan to begin with.


And you think that you haven't lost all credibility? Well, you've already lost it pretty much months ago, and I Think even before then if anybody's ever been paying attention to this. But let's keep going. I wanna talk about market manipulation soon. I'm gonna do a whole video, by the way, on market manipulation this morning. I want you to watch that. I'm gonna post that soon on the YouTube channel. Well, up where I will break it down from a legal perspective. What I would investigate, the questions I would ask, take a look at this headline from the New York Times. From Be Cool to Getting Yippy Inside Trump's reversal on tariffs economic turmoil, particularly a rapid rise in government bond yields caused President Trump to reverse course on the steep levies.


The real credit Mr. Trump's advisors and mid privately should go to the bond markets. Trump's decision was driven by fear that his tariffs gamble could quickly turn into a financial crisis directly attributable to only one man, as Scott Galloway explained. So as a result, what Trump did is he pulled the knife halfway out of the economy's back, but the injury no longer. A reliable trading partner will take years to heal. Hashtag stupid Spencer Hakimian keeps a running list for everyone. Of all of the things that Donald Trump and his regime have been stating about tariffs, tariffs are going to bring jobs back.


So why are you pausing it? Donald tariffs are actually going to stop all fentanyl deaths. So why are you pausing it? Donald tariffs are actually to negotiate. So why are you pausing them? Donald tariffs are actually for external revenue. We're gonna get rid of the IRS. So why are you pausing them? Donald tariffs are actually to crash Bond yields. Tariffs are actually to raise bond yields. Tariffs are actually to fix trade deficits. Tariffs are actually to make the world stop depending on us and abusing us. Tariffs are actually to make everyone be our ally again and only be China's enemies. Now keep adding to that list that Hakimian is making.


As I mentioned before, Trump paused most tariffs for 90 days amid economic turmoil. He adds that he has authorized substantially lower reciprocal tariffs during this period of about 10%. But when you actually look at the tariff rate to the world, then you actually look at it from a blended perspective. The overall tariffs to the world where you include China's in a blended average and all these other countries at 10%. And then the other tariffs that still apparently remain. Although with the chaos in Trump, it was like unclear which tariffs are there. Is Canada and Mexico, are those tariffs on still aluminum? Are those tariffs on? But it seems like a blended rate of somewhere around 23 to 25% from like 2% where it was before.


So that's going to raise the prices. Oh, and by the way, as according to Donald Trump's treasury secretary, this was all part of the plan. Screw the market, take 10, wipe away $10 trillion. Tons of parents were tapping their 5 29 college accounts for their kids because they, that was part of the plan, apparently by the treasury secretary Scott Besson said, or as Senator Brian says, our plan is working perfectly and is just a negotiation tactic, but it's also going to be permanent. And we will be the world leader in textiles. And now there is a pause and everyone needs to chill. But also we will never back down. Ah. Or as we've done the kind of cycle of Trump's stupidity, I make a stupid decision.


Something really bad happens. I convince my followers the problem is now magically solved. I reverse my stupid decisions. I wanna explore the market manipulation case. I'm gonna do this in a longer video as well. Take a look at the NASDAQ call volume spiking minutes before the 90 day par tariff pause was announced as Spencer Achim and says, not a good look at all. Someone knew when did they know it? Why did they know it? How did they get this information? And you'll see all of a sudden a spike in volume. People were very much aware of what was going on. Yes, Donald Trump did make a post earlier in the morning. Now is a good time to buy.


Hell says that. Was that the signal? But even before then, we saw spikes taking place in unusual behavior. If you look at some of the exchanges and some of the funds that trade parallel to the exchanges, like one of thems called spy, which trades alongside the s and p and it basically takes their kind of relative percentages. And you basically trade the s and p. It's called spy. There's one called QQQ and T. QQQ, which trades alongside the nasdaq. So those calls were up dramatically and rapidly before the announcement. And so it seems that some people had significant knowledge.


Now, one of the case that this was a plan from the outset. One, we know that Donald Trump has a history of being a fraud, right? He was found civilly liable for fraud, number one. Number two, he's a felon. Number three, he is a sexual predator. Number four, he bankrupts business number five, he's Donald Trump. But go back to this video right here. December 12th, 2024, Donald Trump goes to the New York Stock Exchange. He's standing with Jim Cramer. Remember this moment where Jim Cramer asks Donald Trump should working people buy more stock? And Trump says, I don't know. I would not want them to be in a situation where we have a dip or something.


That's what Donald Trump said back in December of 2024. Remember this. Let's watch it. I know we've, you've got a ton of things to do, but what can you say to the working person who owns stocks? Should they buy more stock? Well, I don't wanna get into a situation where they do and we have a dip or something. 'cause that can always happen. You know that better than anybody in the world probably. I Think you're the leading authority in going up and going down. But you always end up, you he always ends up. That's the good news. But we have like Doug Bergham standing right up. He has done a fantastic job. He's been on your show many times. And we have, we have just tremendous people. I would say this, I Think long term, this is going to be a country like no other. We had the three best years ever until Covid came in.


And then we did a good job getting rid of it. The stock market, if you look at the markets were higher than just previous to Covid coming in when we handed it over And That. So then yesterday, here's Donald Trump saying why he instituted a pause because people were getting yippy here to Play this clip. You Started the morning to say be cool. And then just a few hours later there was a pause put in on the tariffs. Can you walk us through what you were thinking about why you decided to put a 90 day pause? Well, I thought that people were jumping a little bit out of line. They were getting yippy. You know, they were getting a little bit yippy, a little bit afraid. Unlike these champions, because we have a big job to do.


No other president would've done what I did. No other president, I know the presidents, they wouldn't have done it. The ways and means Democrats posted the following as the markets were crashing, color me, yippy, yippy and afraid Caroline Levitt, Donald Trump's chief Propagandist said this was all part of the art of the deal. Play this clip. What happens, Excuse me if I, excuse me, RA recall, if I could just add to what the secretary said, many of you in the media clearly missed the art of the deal. You clearly failed to see what President Trump is doing here. You, you tried to say that the rest of the world would be moved closer to China when in fact we've seen the opposite effect. The entire world is calling the United States of America, not China, because they need our markets, they need our consumers and they need this president in the Oval Office to talk to them.


And that's exactly why more than 75 countries have called because the United States of America is the best place in the world to do business. And as the president has shown great courage, as the secretary has said, in choosing to retaliate against China even higher. Elena, Go ahead. And by the way, this is not getting a lot of attention. So I wanna give it attention here. There was a hearing that was held with Trump's nominee to head nasa, a guy named Jared Isman, who really, really, really did not, as Jamie Dupree explains, did not want to admit that Elon Musk was in his meeting with Trump over NASA because Elon Musk getting them government contracts. I Think he got what I Think SpaceX got what, like $5.6 billion from the federal government recently.


Dear Play this clip Was Elon Musk in your meeting when Trump offered you the NASA position at Mar-a-Lago Senator? I was interviewed by the, the president of the United States. Was Elon Musk in the meeting when he offered you the job, Senator? My meeting was with the President of the United States. So Elon Musk was not in the meeting, is that what you're saying? I Senator, I I I was being interviewed and speaking with the president of the United States. You can just say he was not in the meeting. Was he in the meeting or not in the meeting? I, Senator, I'm trying to be as, as transparent as I can. I was being interviewed by the president of the United States. It's not a difficult question. Was Elon Musk in the room when the president offered you the job? Senator? I was, again, I, my meeting was with the president of the United States. I, I I, I'm assuming that you don't want to answer the question directly because Elon Musk was in the room unless you wanted dispel us of that notion.


Senator again, I was being interviewed by the president of the United States. How embarrassing is that? Now, as I said, with all the chaos going on, I don't want you to get distracted from a lot of things, right? Prices are not going down. Prices are going up. One of the things we learned is one of the ways the Trump regimes tried to take down egg prices is buying them from foreign countries that by the way, were taring and then selling them for lower prices here to manipulate the market When it comes to eggs, there's always a scam, right, with Donald Trump. But prices are going to still be surging. I mean, the blended tariff rate internationally is now 25%. If 125% tariffs on China means all your stuff from Amazon, all the stuff that you're buying is gonna be a lot more expensive.


Think about what the cost of an iPhone is going to be very soon. JP Morgan still has a 60% chance of recession based on Donald Trump's arbitrary and capricious nature and behavior. And I don't wanna forget that, you know, Donald Trump signed these executive orders yesterday directing the Department of Justice to go after Chris Krebs, who ran cybersecurity, was a major player in the intelligence community, protecting the 2020 elections from interference by Russia. And Chris Krebs said it was a free and fair and safe election. So Donald Trump hates Chris Krebs 'cause Chris Krebs was technically part of the Trump administration. Miles Taylor as well, who is a whistleblower against Trump.


And look, the, what Trump wants to do to Krebs and Miles Taylor, he wants to do to all of us here, but Play this clip of Donald Trump signing the executive order yesterday and whining that the election was rigged here, Play this clip. And this guy Krebs was saying, oh, the election was great. It was great. Well, it's been proven that it was not only not great when you look at all these lawyers at law firms that are signing, giving, giving us hundreds of millions of dollars, it was proven by so many different ways and so many different forms from the legislatures not approving to, to the 51 intelligence agents that worked at, from all of the different scamming operations.


There's a very corrupt election. They use Covid to cheat. And I also wanna mention this story 'cause it's not getting enough attention as well, despite being called one of the top three MS 13 leaders by the Trump regime. Federal prosecutors yesterday moved to dismiss the charges against Henry Santos. This was one of the individuals. They did this whole press conference with bonding and Cash Patel. And they said, this guy's, MS 13, well, very quietly, the Trump regime moved to dismiss, dismiss the charges against the person they said was the main leader of MS 13.


And one of the things that they want to do is not have to go through a trial. They want to take him now and then send him to El Salvador without process. They don't wanna have to go through the court system to prove the evidence against them. Now look, we're, which is due process, if the evidence shows that he's MS 13 and he's a criminal, then the guy should be in jail forever. You know, or whatever the time the judge sentences him to. We all think bad gang members and people who commit crimes should go to jail. What the Trump regime wants to do here though, after saying he's MS 13, is send them to El Salvador. So they wanna dismiss it, snatch him, disappear him to El Salvador versus go through a trial.


Now here's the thing, the Trump regime was bragging on March 5th about extraditing bringing people into the United States who are MS 13 to try them in the United States legal system. That that's not uncommon to bring these gang members in who are coordinating gang activity abroad. Not to let 'em free on the streets to put 'em in prisons. In United States, we have a due process system. And then it goes through a process where they're charged and there's prosecution. The way like El Chapo was found guilty, it was in the highest fac prison facility that there is highest guard of prison facility is went through a process. Guilty because there's more, supposed to be more security here than like in the Mexican prisons when Chapo left.


So what are we talking like, what are we even talking about here? They just, they wanna disappear people and they think that they have a green light to, to do that right Now. Also, the House of Representatives introduced a bill, HR 1526 to basically stop federal judges from issuing nationwide injunctions, which the Trump judges did all the time under the Trump administration that passed the house that goes to the Senate. I don't think the Senate's gonna pass that at all. You know, one of the interesting things though, as they talk about all these, these activist judges, a lot of these judges are appointed by George W. Bush who are issuing injunctions against Trump.


Judge McFadden, who issued the injunction, reinstating the Associated Press in the White House after Trump blocked the Associated Press because they called the Gulf of Mexico, Gulf of Mexico and not the Gulf of America. Judge McFadden a Trump appointee. So all these activist judges, you mean your own judges, George W. Bush judges short judges appointed by Biden and Obama and others. But their injunction frequency is because you frequently are committing crimes and violating the law. That's why. Two other stories I wanna mention right now. Number one, a Delaware judge has made a finding that Newsmax affirmatively defamed dominion, this is a legal finding, meaning the trial will now just be about damages.


You'll recall Newsmax went public, the stock went up to like a hundred dollars and then kind of pumped up and looks like a Trump meme coin or the American economy right now. And then it crashed to like, I Think it's at like 33 right now, but it's still got a market cap pretty freaking high right now. And so newsmax going to trial next month just on damages they've been found liable for the conduct itself of defaming. So it's just the money at this point. So I Think Dominion's well placed for either getting a huge settlement bigger than Fox, especially now than newsmax one public. But we'll be following that story right there.


And also yesterday, I'll do a whole video on this as well. So keep checking back on our YouTube channel. Maga Mike Johnson was supposed to pass the Senate's version of the budget blueprint and then reconcile it to push forward Trump's tax agenda and budget agenda, but he didn't get the votes in the House of Representatives that got derailed. And so that's moved to today. We'll see if there are votes today and what's gonna happen. But the Senate budget has spending cuts of about $4 billion. The house has cuts of about 1.5 trillion. So they're figuring out how to, I guess, deal with that. But it was very embarrassing for maga Mike Johnson.


So we, we covered a lot of ground, a lot of stories right there. I like doing these recaps in the morning. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Check back. I'm gonna do a whole analysis on the YouTube channel on market manipulation. A whole video on MAGA mike getting humiliated. We'll talk about it all and more. Thank you for watching the Midas Touch Network. Kids subscribe. Let's get to 5 million.


Can't Get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.