
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck T what do you know? All sorts of interest and stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


So when I ask what is odu, what comes to mind? Well, ODU is a bit of everything. ODU is a suite of business management software that some people say is like fertilizer because of the way it promotes growth. But you know, some people also say, OO is like a magic beans stock because it grows with your company and is also magically affordable. But then again, you could look at OO in terms of how it's individual software programs are a lot like building blocks. I mean whatever your business needs, manufacturing, accounting, HR programs, you can build a custom software suite that's perfect for your company. So what is odu? Well, I guess ODU is a bit of everything. ODU is a fertilizer magic beans stock building blocks for business. Yeah, that's it. Which means that OO is exactly what every business needs. Learn more and sign up now@oo.com. That's od o o.com.


It just keeps falling and falling. Donald consumer confidence is plummeting. Your approval ratings are plummeting. The first 100 days in office, the worst stock market since Richard Nixon since 1973. It's the Wall Street Journal headline. Trump's first 100 days were worse for Dow and s and p 500 since Nixon. JP Morgan just came out with their findings that they believe first quarter GDP will be negative 1.8%. Not too dissimilar from the Atlanta Federal Reserve, which was predicting negative 2.5%.


Goldman Sachs is in the negative territory as well. You took a thriving Goldilocks economy that the Wall Street Journal said was the envy of the world under former President Biden and you destroyed it. And this is a real post I'm about to read for you right now. What is Donald Trump and his MAGA cult talking about? Real post I'm reading right now from Lindsey Graham. I was excited to hear that President Trump is open to the idea of being the next pope. This would truly be a dark horse candidate. But I would ask the popple, conclave and Catholic faithful to keep an open mind about this possibility.


He's not doing this as a joke. He's being serious. Here's Donald Trump talking about how he wants to be the next Pope yesterday. Play this clip As Pope. Yeah, I'd like to be Pope. That would be my number one choice. No, I don't know. I have no preference. I, I must say we have a cardinal that happens to be out of a place called New York is very good. So we'll see what Happens now. Donald Trump's been posting over and over again the following. Promises made, promises kept, promises made, promises kept post after post, after post like that. Donald Trump has the view.


And this was a view from major, very dangerous propagandists. If you repeat the same lie, an outrageous lie over and over again. The bigger the lie, the better people will believe your big lie. 35% of our country has maga mush brain who believes this stuff. Even if their own pensions are being destroyed, their jobs are being lost, they're losing their healthcare. Donald Trump wants to be the pope. He says promises made, promises kept. Donald Trump goes to war in Michigan and he says that he's reduced egg prices by 87%. It's a total lie. It just false. There's, it's not even tethered anywhere near reality, right?


Donald Trump yesterday was in Warren Michigan bragging about his accomplishments in the first 100 days. There are none. You destroyed our country and I'm not being hyperbolic. You just literally, you and Elon Musk and your billionaires took a wrecking ball to our federal government. You destroyed essential services. You destroyed the va, you destroying the Department of Education, the consumer financial bureau, our parks. I mean you have people raiding the African American museum in the Smithsonian and, and destroying and getting rid of artifacts and things at the museum because you say they're woke.


But anyway, here's Donald Trump bragging about opening up the toilets. He did it. The toilets, everybody, Donald Trump gave us toilet bowls. He says, play this clip. I need everything I can get. I don't need to be under his shower trying to get water to come out of that damn thing. So we've opened up the shower heads, the faucets, the toilets, the washing machines that don't give you water. All of that stuff has been opened up And we are giving you gas ovens, gas stoves if you'd like. No more electric. You can have electric If you want. I have a lot of friends, they like gas better. You're supposed to sell your gas stove or get it.


I dunno, who do you sell it to? Maybe another country. 'cause we're the only country that would be so stupid to that. But, And here Donald Trump lies and says that the egg prices are down 87%. He's Gonna believe me when you get out there that it's sleepy Joe Biden's fault. So Brooke, you gotta get going. Brooke, please. And she did a great job. And you had so many eggs for Easter and your price was down 87% from that point. Prices are coming way down. You know, the fake news doesn't say, they said he pledged. Now I pledged state orders, I pledged all sorts of things, but they said he pledged to bring prices down.


Well, that's what I've done. They're trying to say the prices have gone up, your energy, your car, your gasoline. And they have three states this week, a couple of days ago that again, Just a lie. Then Donald Trump sat for an interview with a, b, C as well that aired yesterday. And Donald Trump says, you know, tourism he says is way up. There's never been more tourists coming to the United States right now. It's the biggest easy lie to prove in the world. But Donald Trump says, If you tell the big lie, that's all that matters here, play this clip. And Canadians, many of them are really angry, furious about your talk about we're gonna take over Canada, it's gonna become the 51st state, state, lets, and it kind of is of a piece.


A lot of travel is down into the United States from around the world. We're doing, it feels like there's been reputational damage. Country's Doing great. Well, prices are down, not The tourism. Gasoline's down energy's down. Tourism is gonna be way up. Wait till you see the numbers. The tourism is way Up. I know now Canada, oh shoot, tourism's doing very well. We're doing very well. We're doing very well. Wait till you see the real numbers come out in about in six months from now. When do you see the numbers? But do you think, if, I'm gonna ask you if I may, do you think That, and again, tourism right now is plummeting. Canada's boycotting the United States. They've gone elbows up. Europe ain't coming to the United States, Australia, they ain't coming.


The United States. People who are planning trips to visit the United States, they, they ain't coming. They don't want to be locked in detention centers or concentration camps and be cavity searched and separated from their families and who knows sent to El Salvador and then even when they get here, since Donald Trump's gutted essential services, or is the food they're going to eat safe? I mean, PE people don't want to come to the United States right now. Like I I I not sure you could put it in the comments. If you're from another country so that you can let Americans know foreign countries right now view the United States like North Korea, like you, they're not coming. Like, they're like, we don't want to come there right now at why would, why would we come there?


Right? So let me talk about this as well. United States trade representative Greer. So he's now telling this is real. He's telling GOP senators that there are some countries coming to the table for tariff talks. He says, but Europe's not engaging. Europe isn't really want to do a deal right now. But one of the things that trade representative Greer talked about is how Madagascar knows what we want. Cambodia and Vietnam know what we want. We are clear, but Europe ain't getting it. As Carl King Deez says, well Elise Madagascar, according to Greer is going to knee before us. I'm glad that that's, that that's their priorities. You, you know, when you go and you look at like who Trump thinks is strong and who Trump thinks is weak shows you what a weakened, pathetic person he is, right?


He thinks Victor Orban and hungry, who basically turned hungry into like a foul state. He thinks Orban is strong, massive inflation there in contrast to the, their neighbor in Poland in eastern Europe, which is a thriving democracy. But Trump thinks Poland is weak and he thinks hungry is strong. Donald Trump thinks El Salvador is strong. Their GDP is like what, 34 billion or $38 billion. Like it's not a thriving country. It's a poor Latin American country with a poverty rate and 25% and extreme poverty around 10%. All they have is Sea cot, you know, the concentration camp where they have the highest per capita imprisonment rate of anywhere in the world.


And that's why Trump likes that. He thinks that's strong. It's not strong. He thinks Javier Malay of Argentina, the huge poverty right there. He thinks Malay is strong. No, he's not. You know, Canada's strong European allies were strong. Australia is strong, Japan is strong. I mean, but Donald Trump has such a, a warped view of that. So like, like this, doesn't this tell you everything you need to know right here, this is really what I'm about to show you, right? This is not an SNL skit. This is what the press briefing room looks like under Trump right now where they bring in right wing media and have special press briefings for right wing media.


I swear this looks just like an SNL skit and the questions are trolling or truthing. That's, this is how they ask trolling or truthing taking over Canada trolling or truthing. Watch this. I was wondering if you'd indulge me in a quick round of Trump trolling or Trump truthing. Sure, let's do it. Okay, good. Love it. Rapid fire, Greenland, joining America. America definitely Trump truing Canada becoming a 51st state Trump truing all the way and the Canadians would benefit greatly. Let me tell you that. Eliminating the IRS, I think that is an optimistic goal and the president. So I would say we're on the side of true thing there for sure.


And the president, again wants to see tax cuts and he wants to see this massive revenue that we can gain from tariffs as well, which will create the external revenue service. So that's a definitive goal for sure. Most importantly, Trump 2028 Trump trolling, although the hats are flying off the shelves. Yes. I mean, I'm just thinking about how China's looking at this or just anybody. I mean like Canadian Prime Minister, Carney, former central banker looking at this, how they're looking. They're like, what the hell is going on there? What in the Kim Jong-un is this? Let me tell you what China's saying right now.


China's responding to Trump tariffs with defiant propaganda clip comparing, making a deal with Trump to drinking poison, to quench thirst. This from the China foreign ministry, bowing to a bullies like drinking poison to quench thirst. It only deepens the crisis. Speaking about crisis and crises, we learned that Pakistan has credible intelligence that India intends to launch a military strike within the next 24 to 36 hours. Like could happen any moment right now. Donald Trump creating more instability in the world. Right there. UPS announcing 20,000 job cuts at 73 facility closures as Amazon reduces its volume.


And what did Donald Trump spend yesterday doing as well? He called up Bezos and told Bezos to not put on Amazon the additional cost to consumers because of Trump's tariffs on the Amazon website. On Amazon. They were going to list the prices of what the additions to the prices from tariffs. And Donald Trump and his regime called that a hostile, a political hostile attack. And then said basically Bezos is just aligning with his friends in China and like acting like Bezos is like a, like a Chinese agent. That's like what they were saying.


And then, and Trump called up Bezos and made Bezos take it down. So you remember during Covid where Trump was like, like a miracle, it's all gonna go away and don't test If you slow down the testing. We don't know about the disease spreading, so we don't know who. So less cases, less testing. It's a version of that. This is Donald Trump. He's a vile piece of trash. He's got a warped psychopathology. Like that's, that's Donald Trump. Like he's a loser. He's bankrupted company's in the past. He's a, he's a big loser. He is not a builder, he's a destroyer. And this is just one of the things that he does. Don't deal with the problem, cover it up, and then it doesn't exist. See, Donald, it's not the way the problems work. Problems get worse when you don't address 'em.


And why I call your regime a Ponzi scheme presidency or rug pull presidency is that it's coverup after coverup after coverup. And then eventually, you know what hits the fan. And then there's a bankruptcy and there's an explosion. That's where you're heading. This is where this is heading to. If you look at our ports right now, you know, I cover our ports, freight volume's down significantly, trucking volume's down significantly. Port of Seattle, not a lot of ships coming in Port of Long Beach, not a lot of ships coming in. You go look at Shanghai, you go look at other ports in China, all the ships are there. And by the way, you know, they're, they're just not coming into the us. $2 trillion in trading relationship with China is done is basically an embargo right now.


For what? Like, like for what? And as China strengthens its hand internationally and Trump and these idiots are crushing our economy. The way I've described it, and I'll describe it again in a tsunami, the shore recedes, right? And then the tsunami hits. We are in the shore receding period. And with all of that Trump's stock market, the Worsts 1973, even though the tsunami hasn't hit yet, the tsunami's going to hit. How do we know that? Because we can see that the ships aren't coming into the poor. We're not getting the products. That's why we're seeing the the market, the lending markets dry up.


We're seeing that happen. We're seeing layoffs start and it's gonna get worse. These things. And you're gonna see this week, the GDP report and it's not gonna be good. And then the markets are gonna be like, whoa, where do that come from? It's right in front of our freaking faces. If we look at data, read the charts, read the graphs, study the numbers. That's what we do at the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe. Help us get to 5 million subscribers. By the way, did you like that Governor Town Hall we did last night? I thought it was really good. Let me know what you think about that too. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get 5 million subscribers.


Can't get enough. Midas, check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas plus.com.