
This episode is brought to you by MeUndies underwear. Drawers are like the wild west. You never know what you're gonna pull out or what shape it's in. So upgrade your collection with the buttery soft comfort of MeUndies. MeUndies signature fabric is as soft as a warm hug from your favorite sweater. Plus it's breathable and oh so comfy, making it ideal for all day wear. Get 20% off your first order plus free shipping at MeUndies dot com slash spotify with code Spotify. That's MeUndies dot com slash spotify code Spotify.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at Babbel dot com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock during tax season. Your personal info travels to a lot of places between payroll, your tax consultant, and the IRS. If your W2 gets exposed, that's just the ticket for Identity Thieves. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, Guaranteed, or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply


Super Bowl 59 1 Game two teams endless possibilities. And there's no better way to make every play more exciting than with FanDuel Sportsbook, whether you're predicting the first touchdown, who will take home the MVP trophy or the coin toss. FanDuel makes it easy to place your bets and feel the thrill of every moment. With live betting all game long, you can jump into the action, adjust your bets, and ride the wave of excitement from kickoff to the final whistle. Plus, to make the Super Bowl even sweeter, new customers can score 200 bucks. When you make your first bet, just place a $5 bet and If you win, you'll get 200 in. Bonus bets. Download the app or head to FanDuel dot com slash bet. Big and bet with FanDuel official partner of Super Bowl 59 Must be 21 plus and present in select states for Kansas, an affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Call 1 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut, or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 support in Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y in New York.


There's very little consistency with anything Donald Trump is. But If you take a close look, the one thing that seems clear is he is attacking and weakening our alliances and strengthening our adversaries. Let me give you another case in point with these tariffs. You notice that the 25% tariffs, well, that's what our allies get hit with, but the 10% tariffs, those are for our adversaries, right? So less tariffs on our adversaries, as some have said, the administration is demented, but I think there's something deeper going on here.


You take a look at the ripple effects. For example, the president of the Philippines has now offered a deal with China. You want to talk about deal making, it's deal making that weakens the United States geopolitical interests. And I'm gonna show you this first, and then I wanna show you what Marco Rubio was saying about the Philippines. And you can see how China is out maneuvering Donald Trump quite easily. But either Donald Trump is the biggest idiot ever, which may be the case, or he's playing right into the hands, intentionally and maliciously in terms of our geopolitical interests, right into the hands of China.


So take a look at this. The Philippines president offers a deal to China, stops the aggression, and I'll return the missiles to the United States, the Typhoon US missile system. So the Philippines President, Ferdinand Marcos Jr. Offered at the end of last week on Friday to remove US missile systems from Philippines if China halts what it called aggressive and coercive action. The US Army installed these typhoon mid-range missile systems in the Northern Philippines in April last year in the Biden administration to support what the longtime treaty allies described as a training for joint combat readiness.


Now, however you feel about it, this was part of a geopolitical arrangement of the United States and frankly of NATO in Asia as also part of America's support of Taiwan. And in an effort to try to check the growth of China, which was also building a lot of bases in the nearby areas, this is what the US geopolitical policy was or, or geostrategic policy was. But now one of the things that we're learning is that Trump's new Pentagon appointee on Southeast Asia has argued for negotiating a cooperation spiral with China, whereby the United States will unilaterally remove US military forces or weapon systems from the Philippines in exchange for CCG executing fewer patrols.


One of the things that's being asked, can the US and China forge a cold piece right here? Well, the interesting thing about this is that it undermines everything. Secretary of State, Marco Rubio said at his confirmation hearing, what's interesting, If you listen to Rubio in the clip I'm about to show you, it actually kind of echoes what the Biden policy was in how and and a, in a prevailing view amongst international strategists, those in the State Department, those in the Defense Department, that what you have to do is to kind of check China's expansion.


You have to make your own kind of maneuvers, military bases, military maneuvers and diplomatic maneuvers, USAID to various countries, and then, you know, enhance kind of military support. But already America's so weak, Philippines is going to China. Hey, could we, could we do a deal? We could let, let's make a deal. Xi Jinping as America's Pentagon official, who has to report to Heif, Pete Heif, who's never led any military thing before, really other than a nonprofit, which pushed him out, but never let a large organization, this is what's going on. Here's what Marco Rubio said, secretary of State Rubio, let's play this clip.


Let's, let's leave Taiwan out of it for a moment and say it's the Philippines. Okay? In the last 48 hours, there's this massive, I don't even know how to describe it, but this massive ship that the Chinese have built that's like headed towards the Philippines, and the Philippines feels threatened by it, rightfully so. We've seen this on a daily basis with the harassment and so forth. But on a daily basis, if God forbid there is some miscommunication or some inadvertent conflict emerges there, and we have obligations to them, the impact that will have on the entire globe, the impact that it will have on the entire globe is enormous, and that includes Europe. So they have a selfish vested interest and seeking for the Chinese to curb their behaviors. I would also point to the Europeans that what chi, what the Russians have done with Ukraine would not have been possible without the assistance of China.


Whether it's the sharing of technology or aid and evading sanctions or selling their oil and secondary markets, ch the Chinese have been hidden but clear to everyone watching partners in the Russian endeavor. So when you see that, you can see how Trump's actual policies undermine what Rubio is saying, but that's what Trump wants, right? Like Trump will have his attorney general Pam Bondy at the confirmation hearing say, we're going to respect the rank and file FBI directors and FBI staff. Everybody's gonna get due process. And then Donald Trump fires any FBI agent who had anything to do with investigating January 6th, insurrectionists and terroristic acts on January 6th and oath keepers and proud boys.


So Trump pardons all of the January 6th insurrectionists. They get treated like heroes, but then law and order, the FBI, they get fired. My point though here is that Pam Bondi said the opposite. So my point about Marco Rubio is that Marco Rubio said one thing and then the policy was undermined.


This Episode of the Midas Touch Podcast is brought to you by Wildgrain. Wildgrain is the first bake from frozen subscription box for artisanal breads, pastries, and pastas. Wild grains boxes are fully customizable to your taste and dietary restrictions. In addition to their classic variety box, they recently launched a new gluten-free box and a plant-based box that is 100% vegan. Best of all, they take the hassle out of baking since all items bake from frozen in 25 minutes or less with no mess or cleanup. Now, my personal experience with Wildgrain has been incredible. I wouldn't steer you wrong. It's super convenient, and all the products are high quality and super fresh. I cannot say enough good things about Wildgrain, and I know that you're gonna love them as much as I do. Are you ready to bring all your favorite carbs right to your doorstep? Be sure to check out Wildgrain so you can begin building your own box for artisanal breads, pastas, and pastries. For a limited time, Wildgrain is offering our listeners $30 off the first box PLUS free Croissants in every box when you go to Wildgrain dot com slash midas to start your subscription.


Now, how else was the policy undermined as well? Let me give you other data points. So Donald Trump's recent press conference. He says that he's gonna put tariffs on Taiwan, Taiwan's, our ally. So Trump's talking about putting worse tariffs, more damaging tariffs on our ally Taiwan, while then having this cooperation with China against the Philippines and against Taiwan. Here, listen to what Trump says here, play this clip. Plans put together, in particular, in the very near future, we're going to be placing tariffs on farm production of computer chips, semiconductors, and pharmaceuticals to return production of these essential goods to the United States of America.


They left us and they went to Taiwan, where, which is about 98% of the chip business, by the way. And we want them to come back and we don't want to give them billions of dollars. Like this ridiculous program that Biden has, give everybody billions of dollars. They already have billions of dollars, they've got nothing but money, Joe. They didn't need money. They needed an incentive. And the incentive is gonna be, they're not gonna want to pay a 25, 50 or even a hundred percent tax. They're gonna build their factory with their own money. We don't have to give 'em money. They're gonna come in because it's good for them to come in. They're giving 'em money, they don't even know what they're gonna do with it. I had people tell me, we have no idea, we didn't need money. And then when Donald Trump was asked about deep seek, which is China's AI that really destroyed America's AI industry was so far more advanced.


It, it, it one would look at China's foray into AI as a direct economic attack and assault on us. Industry one would think, did China steal, did, did China take the billions and billions of dollars in development from US AI companies and basically appropriate it for their own use, undercutting the US interest. But Donald Trump's like, actually, you know, maybe a good thing here, play this clip. This is Very unusual when you hear a deep seek, when you hear somebody, somebody come up with something. We always have the ideas. We're always first. So I would say that's a positive. That could be very much a positive development.


So instead of spending billions and billions, you'll spend less and you'll come up with hopefully the same solution under the trumpet. And Remember how I said before that, you know, the, the US power internationally as kind of the quote unquote leader of the free world? It was post World War II exercised in a lot of ways. So one of the ways it was exercised was through aid supporting other countries, building bridges, alliances, and the other way was military. Now the United States is pulling out all of its aid. We're attacking everybody, threatening countries. Donald Trump's arbitrary, capricious, malicious mind.


You don't know what's gonna happen one day or the next, threatening everybody saying America doesn't need anything. We don't need allies. We don't, we don't need anybody. I mean, you couldn't be weakening us more If you tried. Like, that's why it feels intentional. And also from a military perspective, we are enhancing the power of China. We are enhancing the power of Russia. We are weakening Taiwan. China may not have to fire a single shot with all of the kind of former American allies, may just start making deals with Xi Jinping because they can't rely on America. And America's so weak, they see the writing on the walls.


Look, even the president of Mexico, the very popular and powerful Claudia Scheinbaum at the G 20 summit a few months back, she was not supposed to meet with Xi Jinping. She met with Xi Jinping, took photos with Xi Jinping, why to send a message. We could try to find other power structures outside of the United States If you force us to. But even without Claudia Scheinbaum, I mean the head of the president of Panama, Peru, Honduras, Columbia, all had state visits with Xi Jinping over the past 5, 7, 8 years. Panama established strong relations with China during Trump's first term.


China's giving billions of dollars in aid. They're giving statements about respecting sovereignty of nations, the types of statements that used to emanate from the United States. And what's Trump doing? Just acting like a, like a blabbering fool. And that's my point. My thesis here is that either he's the biggest idiot and moron ever, which could be true. The most incompetent, dumbest, you know, and I'm, I'm not trying to name call, just trying to be objective or this is intentional to help China, to boost China, to help Russia, China and Russia are talking. They're making deals with each other. Russia and Iran are talking. They're entering into alliances and America's breaking all of its alliances. So If you wanted to execute a plan, how do you weaken America?


It's this and this example in the Philippines is a perfect exemplar of it. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million. Thanks for watching. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Customers are rushing to your store. Do you have a point of sale system you can trust? You need Shopify for retail. With Shopify, you get a powerhouse selling partner that effortlessly unites your in-person and online sales into one source of truth. Track every sale across your business in one place and know exactly what's in stock. Connect with customers inline and online. Shopify helps you drive store traffic with plug and play tools. Built for marketing campaigns from TikTok to Instagram and beyond. Shopify's sleek, reliable POS hardware takes every major payment method and looks fabulous at the same time. Do retail right with Shopify. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/lifestyle. All lowercase. Go to shopify.com/lifestyle to take your retail business to the next level today.