
10 years from today, Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses. Lisa's taking now with a A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does, and she can finally run with the big dogs. And the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are, the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.


If you've had that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babbel is the Science Act Language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B A BBE l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The new year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back resolve. To make identity, health, and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply


Super Bowl 59 1 game two teams endless possibilities. And there's no better way to make every play more exciting than with FanDuel Sportsbook. Whether you're predicting the first touchdown, who will take home the MVP trophy or the coin toss. FanDuel makes it easy to place your bets and feel the thrill of every moment. With live betting all game long, you can jump into the action, adjust your bets, and ride the wave of excitement from kickoff to the final whistle. Plus, to make the Super Bowl even sweeter, new customers can score 200 bucks. When you make your first bet, just place a $5 bet and If you win, you'll get 200 in Bonus bets. Download the app or head to fanduel.com/bet. Big and bet with FanDuel official partner of Super Bowl 59 Must be 21 plus and present in select states for Kansas. An affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit fanduel.com/rg. Call 1 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 support in Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny or text HOPE NY in New York.


How not to handle a national tragedy. Donald Trump rolling out the playbook after gutting government agencies telling government workers to resign and take this fake buyout package after Elon Musk forced out the head of the FAA. What is Donald Trump now doing? Donald Trump is blaming the horrible tragedy that took place in Washington DC when an airplane that came from Kansas into DC crashed into a helicopter taking the lives of more than 60 Americans.


Donald Trump actually in the Oval Office signing an executive order blaming diversity and blaming President Biden for it, even though Donald Trump's gutted federal agencies will talk about that. Meanwhile, Donald Trump's been reposting Q Anon accounts taking credit for the rain in California saying, release the water, watch the water over and over again. No, Donald, what I'm watching is you, I'm watching the fact that prices are not going down. They're going up. Housing is not more affordable, it's less affordable.


There's not peace in Ukraine in 24 hours, and your threats of taring anybody on any given day based on your arbitrary capricious and downright dangerous emotions has led to things like coffee reaching records high and other commodities are getting there as well. Donald Trump engaging in Kim Jong-Un like conduct and Putin esque conduct as well. You know, he had meta juice to be Facebook enter into a settlement agreement with him to pay him $25 million for some ridiculous lawsuit Trump filed back in 2021 because Facebook exercised its discretion with a platform that it controlled to block Donald Trump back then.


So they're now paying him 25,000,023 purportedly to a Trump presidential library, right? It had to like double what a B, C was paying and then $3 million for legal fees. I guess this is a bribe by another name. Some may have an opinion of that, but I'll leave it to your opinion ultimately to make that determination. I'll also let you share your opinions about the confirmation hearings that took place as you had cash. Patel, Tulsi Gabbard and RFK Jr, all of those confirmation hearings were set by Republicans at once to try to jam these unqualified, incompetent and dangerous people through.


And again, to me, whether you're from a red state, blue state, Democrat, independent republic, whatever you should want qualified people, not HEGs or Gabbard or RFKs or cash patels, dangerous, incompetent people. Also, the Federal Reserve did not lower interest rates given all of the uncertainty Right now in the economy caused by Donald Trump and that government freeze, even though it was blocked by a federal judge, another federal judge in Rhode Island after Trump purported to rescind the OMB memo. But then his press secretary said, no, we were just rescinding the memo, not the freeze.


So Caroline Levitt, 27-year-old Trump Press secretary had to say, the judge was like, so you mean you're not rescinding it? So we're going to issue a restraining order against you, but chaos has ensued across the country. This is the Midas Touch podcast. I'm joined by Brett and Jordy. Crazy week cra. I was gonna say, is it how, how, how long? How, how far through this week are we? Okay, it's Thursday at least, but it's been a crazy week. And this week has really highlighted the incompetence of the administration. I mean the willful, malicious incompetence we've said on the show numerous times throughout Biden's administration that when crises happen, you want somebody in charge who's able to handle them appropriately, who's able to manage the situations, who's able to look at them clear-eyed, and Be honest with the American people and make the right decisions about how to actually make these situations better.


Unfortunately, we have a guy Right now in the Oval Office who does the complete opposite of that. Who rushes to judgment, who tries to blame the other side? It's the complete opposite of what we always liked about our presidents throughout our history. I mean, I think to Harry Truman, what's was Harry Truman's famous line? The buck stops here or the buck stops with me. I think it's the buck stops here and Donald Trump is the opposite of Truman in that regard. In the opposite of what a leader is supposed to be. I mean, blaming President Obama of Obama. Whatcha talking about blaming President Biden blaming diversity for this horrific tragedy that we watched unfold last night. I mean, my heart is absolutely breaking for this. It's such a horrifying scene. And to see Donald Trump take that and to try to blame Biden and Obama and diversity, it just honestly, it makes me so angry to see and, and it makes me so angry that there are Americans who could look at this and support this evil guy.


It really, really, really disgusted me. I know we're gonna get into it all. We got a lot to discuss. So I'll toss it over to you, Jay. Yeah, I mean it. Brett, just building on that real quick. It's just beyond pathetic, right? I feel like we talked about this earlier in the week or maybe last week too, when I'm like all Trump and these Republicans keep doing, but, but Biden did this, but DEI, here's the issue. Donald Trump is President Biden's, not President Obama. Sure hell isn't president. DEI Trump, you're the president, aren't you? Get you got rid of DEI when you walked in the door, you signed all those executive orders, big guy. And so these excuses just fall on deaf ears when all of a sudden you are the party in charge. You control the house, you control the Senate, you have the presidency.


It's gross to say, I hate saying it, but you do. It's not Biden, it's not Obama, it's not DEI Trump, it's you Republicans. It's you guys that are causing this chaos and hysteria and it's getting people killed. Benji, where do you wanna start? Well, why don't we start with Donald Trump posting a fact sheet. Let's, let's start with last week where Donald Trump posted a fact sheet on January 22nd, 2025, about the Federal Aviation Administration, and Trump says, fact sheet President Donald J. Trump ends DEI, madness and restores excellence and safety within the Federal Aviation Administration.


Folks, whether you're a Democrat, independent Republican, red state, blue state, do you see excellence over the past 24 48 hours or do you see tragedy? I see tragedy when an airplane, a commercial plane struck, a military Black Hawk helicopter flying over Washington, DC What else are we learning? The FAA administrator had to quit on January 20th because Elon Musk forced him out. Also, Donald Trump put in place a very dangerous FAA hiring freeze such that the Transportation and infrastructure committee, the ranking members who are the, the Democrats on the Committee before this incident put out a statement how dangerous this was.


Donald Trump also cut back and removed key Air safety committees as well. Donald, I'd also just like to jump in for a quick second to explain briefly why Elon Musk forced out the head of the A-A-F-A-A. Right there it was because the FAA was trying to find Elon Musk around $600,000 for safety violations committed by Elon Musk's Company, SpaceX. And I just wanna bring that up because it is the complete problem with having this oligarchy setup right here and having these billionaires who have these other interests that they have to deal with because it makes their decision making by it's inherent nature corrupt.


'cause Elon Musk cares about his companies, he doesn't care about the country. So Elon Musk had a personal tiff with this guy because this guy wanted to enforce what, what's the issue that we're all talking about Right now? Air Safety, aviation safety, and Elon Musk pushed back and made this guy quit because of that, pushed him right out. I just wanted to bring it up because it is like the epitome of the entire issue with this administration. Then I think it's a great point. Also, Donald Trump appointed Sean Duffy as the Secretary of Transportation. He got famous because he was on the real world and then competed on the Real World Road Rules challenge. You see him right there. He then parlayed that into a career as a MAGA Republican Congress member and then a Fox host who was hawking crypto a few weeks ago.


Let's talk about some of the facts. Some of the facts that we're learning is that staffing was not normal at the airport tower in Washington DC where the crash took place according to a preliminary FAA report, while that news was breaking earlier, it was not shocking. Donald Trump and his administration have been torturing federal employees. That's what Project 2025 is all about. To destroy their morale, to break them and to force them out. That's why they did a government spending freeze. And then they did what I think is a fake and also likely unlawful severance package telling government employees, all of 'em that If you resign immediately, you will be eligible for a buyout of your contract through next September, which I don't even think is a lawful use of appropriation expenditures, number one.


Number two, do you trust that Donald Trump is actually going to pay that? And three, when you look at the fine print, it seems to suggest that all that really does is say that you can still work remotely, but not that you're not allowed to or that you can stop working, period. So there's a lot of shadiness there to begin with. But the overall point is you have all of this strain and chaos and pressure being exerted on the federal government. And you know, a buddy of ours, Brett and Jordy said, you know, when Elon Musk was destroying Twitter and there would be outages and delays and problems with it, it was Twitter.


Okay? At the end of the day, it's a social media app. Yeah. But when you do that with the federal government, which regulates railroads and airplanes and food safety and health, well then you get global pandemics, you get air crashes, you get railroad derailments, you get food shortages, and that's what's at stake. I wanna show the clips, Brett, but I wanna reflect on that for a moment. Yeah. And you know, there's this whole kind of, the playing field is not even when it comes to these sorts of things because last night I saw a whole lot of these MAGA Republican types, these MAGA influencer answer types, when people started to bring up and realize, oh wait, Trump got rid of this aviation safety board last week.


Oh wait, Trump pushed out the head of the FAA Trump did all these things to intimidate staffers and drive staffers out. And now there are shortages at all these organizations where we need them. Like there was one individual who was in charge of both the helicopters and all the planes that were coming in at that airport when normally at multiple people when monitoring both. And when people started to bring that up, you saw these MAGA influencers online who were like, how dare you? These are these liberal scums scum. How dare you speak like that? And how dare you rush to politics? And I agree, you shouldn't rush to politics in these situations. There are people's lives. It's important that you reflect on what is actually happening and that you are trying to act in the best interest of humanity.


I agree entirely, but these are the first people out there every single tragedy to try to exploit it and take advantage of it. If someone is like little as like farted on a plane or a train during the Biden administration, these people would blame people buttigieg, they'd blame Biden, they'd blame DEI every single time. That was their whole shtick. That's what they did for the past four years. Blamed Biden for everything, including the things that he managed very well. So now people bring up legitimate points about what is going on and what do they wanna do. They know that they, they they know the effectiveness of act of calling him out. And quite frankly, this is honest information. This is real information. This is information that could have truly had an effect on this situation and led to this incident.


So they wanna, what? It's a threat to Trump. They wanna silence you. So they want to try to mock you. They wanna try to deride you. They wanna try to act like you're a horrible human being. And that's part of their strategy as well. And so you have this uneven playing field where the second you start to speak out, these people are like, how dare you? How could you do it? And even, you know, a lot of kind of journalist types and, and you know, people like that speak out are like, it's too soon for that. It's, it's, it's too soon for that. I'm sorry. It's not, we need to be speaking out about these issues. We need to be clear-eyed and we need to understand that the actions that Donald Trump takes, it's not just a TV show. This ain't reality tv. This ain't the real world. Sean Duffy, I'm sorry. This is real life.


This affects people's lives. And that's what enrages me so much. You can't just willy-nilly go, I'm gonna get rid of the people at the FAA because those people watch the planes and ensure that this doesn't happen. And this is going to continue to happen in various industries. There's gonna be food incidents with health safety. It's gonna affect everything because Donald Trump is incompetent and all he cares about is his bluster in front of the camera. And so we have to be calling it out every single day and we can't let people silence us. So now he uses his position in the White House, the biggest microphone in the world, and the history of mankind to spread his vicious lies, his blame game.


The irony is that he's speaking from the main position of power while taking zero accountability and blaming others. Dude, you are in charge. You are in charge. And not only are you in charge, your actions actually led to this. So let's take a look at what happened. So here is Trump during a press conference on the helicopter, plane collision, blaming Biden and others. Let's play this clip. And then when I left office and Biden took over, he changed them back to lower than ever before.


I put safety first Obama Biden. And the Democrats put policy first and they put politics at a level that nobody's ever seen because this was the lowest level. Their policy was horrible. As he's putting politics at levels that nobody's seen, do you see the gaslighting right there? And doesn't that give you the vibes of his covid press conferences? Folks, you've got nothing to worry about. Like a miracle. It's all gonna go away. Actually, it's actually great. Things are good. Did you see the stock market? It bounced back. Just inject yourself with some bleach. Everybody, this is all good, all good.


Every, that's China's fault, everybody. It's the China virus. Remember when he would do that routine? It's just the same iteration, perhaps worse. So then a reporter goes, so are you saying that this crash was caused by diversity? 'cause Donald Trump and his office were saying D-E-I-D-E-I-D-E-I did this. Then Donald Trump goes, it could have been here. Watch this clip. Mr. Resident On DEI, on DEI and the claims that you've made, are you saying this crash was somehow caused and the result of diversity hiring? And what evidence have you seen to support these Claims? It just could have been, we have a high standard, we've had a higher, much higher standard than anybody else.


I thought Donald Trump put out a press release saying that he got rid of the imaginary DEI boogeyman on January 22nd. He said it was restored, excellence was restored. He fought with his imaginary DEI boogeyman, he claims he won the fake battle with the DEI boogieman, and now he's blaming DEI still, do you see these Putin esque tactics here? I know, Brett, you do. I know Jordy, you do. I know the Midas mighty. You do Brett. Yeah. I mean, they could not be more out in the open when you see these clips. The irony of course of the DEI thing is that Donald Trump's all of his nominees and candidates.


Everybody who's who he surrounds himself with are DEI. They didn't earn it. They are all the worst people that you could possibly see filling these roles. I mean, the, it it's just laughable when he uses DEI excuse. And then you have Pete Hegseth who has his history of allegations against him for sexual assault and his history of all the photos with him drinking on the job and his reports of alcoholism and reports from his own mother about abuse and all, all of these various things, never led Anything in the Military, never led anything in the military. And you have him like speaking down and trying to remove the stars of respected generals like Mark Millie. It is the complete flip where you now have a CCOs ocracy in place in addition to the oligarchy that is a government that is led by the most incompetent among us.


And that is what he tries to act like DEI is and what diversity is. He tries to act like. That means you have incompetent people. When we're seeing what Donald Trump's hiring process is like, it's bringing on the most incompetent people imaginable because he just wants lackey's the same way Vladimir Putin just wants lackey's the same way Kim Jong-un just wants lackey's. It's the same thing, different country happening right here in the United States. And I feel like nobody like defends diversity anymore because they're too afraid because Republicans have made such an offensive, so let me defend it for a second, because what diversity with the Republicans want to act like it is, is it's your picking people for their skin color and that's it.


And you're trying to fill quotas, but that's not what it is. If you actually want to speak about what diversity is, it's saying instead of just looking at this narrow group of people that you surround yourself with, like the Pete Hegseth, like the guy from the real world MTV show, you know, those people maybe reach out outside of your Babbel and see all these other groups out there, all these other people who have these lived experiences who may actually be a lot better than those people. But the fact is, there are a lot of people who are far more qualified than the people who have Donald Trump have chosen. And so they have to look down on them. So what Trump is now saying in all these press conferences is basically, and, and this is gonna happen every single incident. If if there's a woman who's flying the helicopter or the plane, that's gonna be what they try to make the story.


If there's an African American who flew the plane, who's involved in, that's gonna be the story. If there's someone in the LGBT community, that's gonna be the story because they need deflect blame from what is really happening here from their own failures. Abso absolutely AB diversity is their new buzzword too. It's like during Covid, what was it? It was experts, doctor activists, those are the things that they attacked. Now they're attacking the word di diversity. They've Evolved, right? They used to be CRT and then like, you know, they've slowly gone, you know, I honestly at a pretty quick pace, but they've gone more towards from these words that were like code words for it right? To now laid. They're like going closer to it, and the further we get, the more it's gonna get really, you know, Well, when you listen to the heg comments, I mean, he just flat out said, I I don't want women in, in the military, is basically what Hegseth had said on, on, on tape there.


Yeah, they say the quiet parts out loud. It's, it's disgusting when you look at Donald Trump during these press conferences, oh, does he work? Is he just, or is he just, is he just holding court for corporate media and they just eat it up? They go, yeah, Donny, Donny Guy's on TV all day. And then they broadcast them all day, like from from morning till evening. He's in a press conference, he's in the Oval Office. And I get that reporters like the access, they like being in there with the cameras. But at some point is somebody gonna ask like, dude, do you do work or do you go from this to the golf course? Then you let Elon Musk and his crew just cause chaos throughout our government. Corporate media is having the time of their lives Right now. They don't wanna do anything to get in trouble with, with, with, with Donnie over there.


B they're uhuh, they're, they're having so much fun at the expense of people's lives. Again, it's disgusting when you see Donald Trump up there talking to these reporters. This isn't a person who wants to lead for all Americans. It, it's just so obvious up there, blaming Biden and Obama, DEI he ben weapon of mass distract, mass distraction. That exactly, exactly that phrase. He's up there just spewing utter nonsense that again, the corporate media and his maga followers just eat it up time and time. He doesn't wanna lead for Americans, he wants to lead for the oligarchs while grifting off of the American people. It's like the reverse Robinhood, right? He wants, he wants to give money to his oligarchs at the expense of Americans and American livelihood.


It's disgusting. What do you think MAGA republicans were focused on today? What do you think their top issue was? Of course, what all Americans are worried about Right now is their prices are going up as eggs, If you can even find them, are skyrocketing as your coffee prices are going through the roof as you're worried because of the war that's taking place in Europe and, and Ukraine that Donald Trump said he was gonna fix in 24 hours. And the war spreading to Europe as people are worried that Trump's gonna impose these tariffs on Canada and Mexico, and we're gonna be embroiled in a devastating trade war against countries that should be our closest allies as people are worried Donald Trump saying he's going to impose tariffs on the semiconductor industry in Taiwan.


Our ally playing right into China's hand. Americans I know are very focused on whether or not Donald Trump will appear on Mount Rushmore. I'm being sarcastic, of course, but that's the MAGA Republican's priority, MAGA Republican, Anna Paul Luna introducing legislation to put Donald Trump's face on Mount Rushmore, quote, his remarkable accomplishments for our country and the success he will continue to deliver, deserve the highest recognition and honor on this iconic national monument, Mount Rushmore. It's a timeless symbol of our nation's freedom. He deserves to be remembered along the greats like George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Abraham Lincoln, and Theodore Roosevelt.


That's what they're doing At the same time of this national tragedy, while Donald Trump is also making Q Anon posts and reposting Q Anon accounts. Donald Trump posting the, yeah, this is the Q Anon one. And it is like, If you go and look at spiritual street fighter 17 WW G one Ga, where we go one, we go, all Donald Trump is reposting her. Donald Trump is also making, there it is right there. Watch the water. Donald Trump also watch The water, by the way, was a Q drop this week. I saw this, it was, you know, a q occasionally the mysterious figure who leads Q Anon released a drop and they said, watch the water.


And it was about Donald Trump turning on the rain in F California, the big faucet in California that all the water came from. I mean, the stuff is like, They think that Canada borders California on the north, that's what they think. And that right there in the northwest where California borders, Canada, this is what they think. There's a faucet. And Trump turned, he Trump ordered. This is what Trump's followers. This is what 35% of America, at least 35% of America believes, sent the military and they turned on the faucet and then there was rain and the water was delivered and the fires were put out by Donald Trump. You know, 60% of Americans have under a fifth grade education, and I guess they're into Donald Trump making posts like the goat, the GOAT, they're making posts like this totally and utterly absurd.


This is what they're focused on, and it's important that we point out that this is their behavior and contrast it with what we need to be focused on. You're not gonna hear this in corporate media. You're gonna hear it here on the Midas Touch Network. We have zero outside investors, zero oligarchs, zero billionaires, no investors at all here. One of the ways you can support us is@midasplus.com, M-E-I-D-A-S-P-L-U s.com. You can actually subscribe for free to test it out. It eventually becomes a membership, but try it out. Subscribe though, become a member. It helps us grow. It's one of the main ways we grow. Also, to mention lots of free content there too, If you subscribe for free. So you're, you're getting a lot of good stuff. Even if you're free subscriber, you always stay up to date and that's where you get, you know, like ad free episodes like this podcast tomorrow will be up there ad free.


If you're listening to the audio, it's, its might be up there Right now. It's gonna be up there today. And so much great content. Ron Philips's, daily bulletins are the best daily recaps of the news you will ever read. Yeah, check 'em out@minusplus.com. I wouldn't recommend it so strongly unless I really believed in it and I really believe this is a great product that you will all Enjoy. Also, we got patreon.com/minus touch, that's where we hold our meetings, our Zoom meetings, and it was great to meet with everybody earlier this week. Thanks for seeing it. We'll, we'll do another one very soon, but it was so great to see everybody at that meeting subscribe Right now. We've got a lot more show. Don't worry, don't go anywhere. We'll be right back after this. Pretty quickly break,


I'll admit it. My sleep in 2024 was awful. I'd spend most nights tossing and turning and waking up felt like a chore. I had no energy, no focus, and I was struggling. That's why I'm so excited to talk to you about Beams Dream Powder, a science-backed, healthy nighttime blend for sleep that's actually clinically shown to improve sleep and have you waking up refreshed. Now everything changed when I found Dream. It's clinically shown to improve sleep. And let me tell you, it works. I finally started sleeping through the night and waking up refreshed, not groggy. With better sleep. My energy and focus came back. I felt like I could actually tackle my days instead of just getting through them. Other sleep aids can cause next day grogginess, but Dream contains a powerful all-natural blend of Reishi magnesium, L-theanine, apigenin, and melatonin to help you fall asleep and stay asleep and wake up refreshed. Now as I look ahead to 2025, I'm determined to keep this momentum going. Dream is part of my nightly routine and it's made all the difference. If you're like me and struggled with sleep last year, there's no better way to start 2025 than with consistent Restful Nights Dream will help you feel your best every single day. The Ultimate Sleep Refresh for the new year. Try Beam's best selling Dream Powder and Get up to 40% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash midas and use code Midas at checkout. That's shop BEA m.com/midas and use code Midas for up to 40% off.


We geek out for a minute on something. I think it's gonna be helpful for you. It's called Fatty 15. It's co-founder Dr. Stephanie Vin Watson discovered C 15 as the first essential Fatty acid to be found in 90 years while working with the US Navy to improve the health and welfare of aging dolphins. It's pretty simple. Essential nutrients keep our cells healthy, which keeps us healthy. So if you wanna get sciencey about it, studies show that C 15, it works by strengthening our cells, improving our mitochondrial function, and protecting us against damaging free radicals. So if you feel like how could I stop aging faster or I'm sleeping poorly or feeling sluggish, the bottom line is that many of us are deficient in C 15, which results in weaker cells, which results in those things. So Fatty 15 is the Science Fact award-winning vegan and pure C 15 supplement that steps in and helps. It works in multiple ways. It repairs age, age related damage to cells. It protects them from future breakdowns. It boosts mitochondrial energy output and activates pathways in the body that help regulate sleep, mood, natural repair mechanisms that support our overall help. So deeper sleep, smoother functioning joints, healthier hair, skin and nails. That's essential. And the C 15 helps here in Fatty 15 deliver. So it comes in these gorgeous reusable glass bamboo jars and refill capsules that are shipped to your door quarterly in pouches made from recycled materials. I love that. Fatty 15 is on a mission to replenish your se, your C 15 levels and restore your long-term health. You can Get an additional 15% off their 90 day subscription starter kit by going to Fatty fifteen.com/midas and using the code Midas at checkout, that's Fatty fifteen.com/midas, F-A-T-T-Y one five.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. Use that code Midas at checkout. M-E-I-D-A-S. Let's go.


Shout out to our sponsors, man links in description of YouTube and audio. Use the links, use the codes. The codes really help us too when you make sure you get that code in there. Beam's back. I love Beam beam's back on the network. So show 'em some love. Fatty fifteen's wonderful as well. If you're in the market for that stuff, check it out, work out the deals really hard for y'all and I really like both those products. Benji, where to next? We go to the Oval Office next. And let me show you what was going on there. And Brett, to your point, I know corporate media, you know, they salivate for this. This is what they live, this is what they live for. It's a great point by me. It was definitely my point. Well, well, well, well, well by the way, I mean, you know, Brett's new TikTok, emergence as really good as as one of the, By the way, we have a lot of tiktoks who are now coming to YouTube to watch this show.


So we should say what's up to TikTok. I like Rich, great, Javier, If you hear from TikTok, let us know in the comments in the, in the live chat. If you're watching Live Love seeing you here, this is awesome. Let's Go. Lemme show you what went down. So Donald Trump needs to be explained the things that he's signing, which is kind of just a weird thing in general too. They need to tell him what it is. And he is obviously doing it for theatrics or maybe he needs it actually explained to him because one of the things that we were learning as well was that the White House was blaming the Office of Management and Budget, which is now also kind of controlled by Elon Musk as well as Russ Vote, the author of Project 2025 for the government freeze memo, right?


They said, and the Atlantic reported it so odd, they were like the memo that shocked the White House, okay? The memo that shocked the White House, I mean Donald Trump's plan was Project 2025. The directive from the Office of Management and Budget that froze most of federal funds on Monday had not gone through the usual approval process. Now look, I I I, the Atlantic is usually the, the, they're usually on the, I think they usually write better articles than most, but what's the usual approval process? The usual approval process for Donald Trump? Let Me post q an non all caps letters, And I'll say this, it was an informative article that that's the Usual approval process.


So what does that even mean? It was an informative article that had a lot of good information in it, and I think the biggest issue was the headline. And I wanna say, I want to be clear about that. And sometimes writer Ashley Parker. Ashley Parker probably didn't write the headline she write Yeah. Oftentimes the people. Yeah. 'cause I so oftentimes they, they're different, the people who write deadlines and, but, but, but here's like the underlying thing, like with that and, and with what Trump does and, and what we see every single day, it's that, what was that? I said, sorry Ashley, you wrote a good story. It was informative. She did a good job. That Yeah, there is good, if you're at the headline, I have some notes, but, but I'm sure you're great. But, but no, honestly, the the thing though is there's always like, this has been a thing with Trump going back to like 2015.


It's always been like, not Trump's fault, it's always someone else. And he often blames somebody else. And, and, and oftentimes the media goes, oh yeah, it was, it was this guy, it was that guy. It was the guy. It's never a buck stops here moment to bring this episode full circle to the beginning. And that's what drives me crazy. And so anytime that the media gives credence to that idea of like, oh, it's just this person who went rogue and destroyed the entire system, I'm like, okay, so is he the president or is he not the president? Like, what, what, what, what are we doing here? Do we need to hold to the same standards that we'd hold anybody else to Not less standards, that's for sure. And that's just why I wanna make sure that everyone's doing that. So to them, president Biden was responsible for absolutely every single thing.


Everything, no matter what local Donald Trump issues, Donald Trump responsible for absolutely nothing. Literally nothing. He, he could be in office, but like, we're still gonna pretend that it's Biden and Obama and somehow Buttigieg is in, involved in, in it as well. And, and, and Trump can never be, it's absurd. But that's why, you know, more people are watching this network now than any other cable network, including Fox. I mean, that's just why we, we crave the facts. I'm intellectually curious to know like, what, what's really happening. And that's why I don't read other corporate media at all. I just go to the source documents and I look at the clips and I watch it and I read the orders and I form my own evaluation of it because I'm just trying to read and grapple with what's before me.


So that's why I showed you earlier in this episode about all of the things that, you know, Donald Trump did to the FAA, the federal government forcing out the FAA head, you know, gut gutting these key safety committees. So what does Trump do? And this is part of his playbook. You go on the offense and then you blame others. And normally that would just mean you go on Fox. Well now Trump goes on Fox in the Oval Office and then signs an executive order declaring, declaring like this. This is stuff that Kim Jong would be like, woo, I should maybe learn, pick some lessons here declaring that the plane crash was the result of Biden and DEI and that's what caused flight dangers here.


Watch it for yourself, Sir. Thank you Second for your signature. We have a presidential memorandum titled Immediate Assessment of Aviation Safety in light of the Damage done to Aviation Safety by the Biden administration's, DEI and woke policies. What this presidential memorandum orders is for your secretary of transportation and FAA administrator in this case acting FAA administrator, to basically ensure that we are actively undoing all of that damage that we are assessing how much damage was done and that we're ensuring that people hired within the FAA in keeping with your memorandum of January 21st, are only the most outstanding capable people for the jobs that they're being hired into.


In other words, competence. Yes sir. Elevating competence over incompetence over In, in other words, what you are trying to say here is competence. Huh? Like corporate media's so stupid that they, you know, like the tricks look like, like they're out of like a, like a 1945 like, like like Disney cartoon where like the good guy set or the bad guy tries to set the trap for a good guy, you know, and Trump's like, you know, it's just, it's such corny crap. Oh, okay. All in other words, competence. Sir, we've got an order here. We're going to remove the woke from it that you've already said you've eliminated two weeks ago, but now you're blaming it because you were the one who gutted the FA so now let's blame Obama and Biden and Buttigieg.


So what you're saying is competence and then the corporate media reports it, executive order eliminating, you know, it's like, come on, stupidest stuff in the world. The biggest argument against everything they say is themselves. Like the biggest argument is exactly the way they run these things. And you could even go, you could go person by person of the people who they're bringing on. I mean, I keep going back to Pete Hegseth because he's like one of the most important people now in the country controlling our military, controlling our budget. He's responsible for that helicopter being wherever it was that day. And that's his helicopter. And so his Pete, Pete Hegseth just wants the people to forget that he's in charge of this now. He is, they're gonna try to blame other people. And the giveaway is when they go, and we're not gonna look at these other factors, but we're just gonna look at competence.


And then you look at who they view as competent people like Pete Hegseth and who they look at as incompetent people like General Mark Millie, people like Lloyd Austin. Lloyd Austin is like the, the former Secretary of Defense under President Biden, one of the most decorated military generals like of all time this guy like has a military career that is to be revered, unbelievable human being. And they view him as incompetent. Why? Because he's black. That's it. Like that, DEI, this whole all, all, all this language that they use, it's all just another way of them to get around saying racial slurs. And that's like the, the big, not not much so much of a secret, but it's, it's the whole thing. It's a, we're seeing this white supremacy inaction and you see it, whether it's Elon Musk doing the gestures that he's doing or, and the way they're running the White House.


They use all these other words and they use all this other framing to pla try to play it coy, but it's very obvious what they're doing. Let me show you this. Donald Trump in the Oval Office was asked about those 25% tariffs on Mexico and Canada. Here's what Donald Trump says is gonna happen. Let's play it Cities that we're giving to Canada and to Mexico in the form of deficits. And I'll be putting the tariff of 25% on Canada and separately 25% on Mexico. And we will really have to do that because we have very big deficits with those countries. Those tariffs may or may not rise with time. Can we P part of that?


You know, I should note that Donald Trump is making those threats at the same time that Howard Lutnick, who is his pick to be the head of the commerce department, says Canada and Mexico can avoid tariffs before Saturday's deadline. And basically comes up with a way to try to create a fake deal with Donald Trump. And during his testimony he blamed Canada for killing a hundred thousand Americans a year with Fentanyl and saying Canada is shipping this in. Again, that's just false. There's literally nothing, there's no aspect of that statement that is true.


So they basically want Canada to admit that it will stop doing something that it's not doing. And the plan would then be, I guess to make a fake deal and say Donald Trump made Canada submit and bend a knee and kiss the ring and then hope our media propaganda reports it the same way they kind of did with Columbia, which was a test run for that where Donald Trump threatened 25, 50% tariffs. Then Columbia said they're retaliating against it. And then Donald Trump said, we made a deal. And the deal is basically the exact same thing that happened when Biden was in office.


It's now happening still, but he acted like they, they're agreeing to take people back, but they were taking people back under President Biden. What what Columbia said is they didn't want military planes with people from Columbia being shackled like prisoners. And Again, it's like you caused, like there was no, there was no problem with the deportation, no problem. You caused the problem and then you came up with your fake solution and now you're spiking the football and the media's like, oh, look at how tough he was. Nothing happened. Nothing happened, nothing happened. And by the way, Canada has been reaching out to its European allies by and large, other than the premier of Alberta, which she's like MAGA Maple Canada is ready to impose very harsh retaliatory tariffs against America to try to cause pain.


Mexico's wildly popular president, Claudia Scheinbaum has been rallying, not just those in Mexico, but all throughout Latin America, central America, south America, the Caribbean, they held a meeting today as well. They're ready to go and they're gonna be turning more towards China for help. Who's the big beneficiary of this all? You have France meeting with the leader of Denmark and France and other European allies within Denmark are committed. They're floating at least, but likely committed to sending ground troops into Greenland to protect it against an American invasion. The world is uniting against Donald Trump.


And the thing there too is those populations have been prepared for the assault on them by Donald Trump. So they're ready for shared sacrifice because they've been learning about this. They understand the threat by and large now in America, because our corporate media has bent the knee, kissed the ring, put on their knee pads, what have you. People here are not ready. I think by and large, those who watch the Midas Dutch network are for what's about to take place. The mere threat of Columbia's retaliatory tariffs and tariffs on Columbia led to a skyrocketing of coffee prices and also gas prices just start to, and the tariffs didn't even happen.


Trump made a fake deal if these tariffs get imposed and we're in a massive trade war and then we impose tariffs on Taiwan as well. This is going to have massive economic impacts and Brett Jordy might as mighty. What is Donald Trump gonna do when that happens? Three letters, DEI and one name Biden Donald Trump. They're all gonna roll out there. We're going to have to sign. This is the executive order sir. Sir. And this says that the economic catastrophe that just occurred was caused by Biden. I hereby decree, DEI and Biden caused a depression.


And at some point, let me be very clear, we the people are not gonna take it. And and it's happening rapidly. It's happening rapidly that we the people at some point when this shit keeps on happening, it's gonna be enough enough. And that's what he wants though, right? He wants the people to have a reaction to this. And he is what he said he was gonna do before martial law. And I'm gonna declare the Insurrection Act, this is part of the project 2025. Elon Musk said we, this was during the election, I did how many reports Brett and Jordy and might as money did I did on this.


I said, folks, they're saying that they want to cause economic hardship, right? They're saying they literally, the quote was, we want to inflict economic hardship. Hey union folks, Elon Musk's literally saying he doesn't believe in your existence. He said unions create a lord peasant environment and that they should be abolished. Period. Sorry Brett for that ran. No, Ben, real quick. There's only so many times Trump could really go to the Biden. Well, at least so I thought. And then all of a sudden today he was rolling out that it was Obama's fault that the plane crash was somehow Obama's fault. So it doesn't look like they've advanced their talking points at all.


At least Trump and these MAGA Republicans on how they're gonna deal with disaster. Like they're sure as heck never gonna take accountability. But to your point, Ben, there's only so many times you could really blame Biden and DEI again, when you are the party in charge, when you have the house, the Senate, and the presidency before corporate media, hopefully one day pushes back on him and says, Uhuh not gonna take it. 'cause you know, unfortunately it's not up. We can't wait for corporate media to do that. That's why we're doing it here. The Midas mighty and the pro-democracy community and it's fricking working. But I just, you know, I just wanna see somebody have the stones one day to finally push back on them. Here's the thing, you're, you're, you're assuming an electorate that uses common sense, you're assuming a rational electorate.


And it's not, it's just not what we're dealing with. Like, it, it just isn't. So like yes, they're gonna go back to the same well every single time. And the same people are gonna parrot the same shit every single time. And they're gonna try to play this like it's football or something. They're gonna play it like it's sports. They're gonna just do exactly what they've been doing. You're gonna have all these people, the Charlie Kirk's, the Tim Pools, the, you name it, they're all going to be spouting this BS and turning everything into these same wars. The same, it's the same game they play every single time. And so our goal is to be louder megaphones than them and to find the people who aren't so entrenched in that cult and to pull them out of it gradually. Right? So we already saw, because there, there are a lot of people who voted for Trump this time who aren't just the maga cultists.


And we have to understand that. Yeah, absolutely. There are people absolutely who voted because you know, like a lot of young men, this is something that we were raising the alarm on quite a lot. A lot of them voted because they viewed their lives as, as they were getting stiffed, you know, in their life. That they had this promise of America, of the American dream that you are going to live a better life than your parents and you are going to be richer than them and you are going to have more opportunities. And they grew up in an environment where that's not the case. And turning to Donald Trump sounds counterproductive. And I agree it's the opposite of what you wanna do, If you wanna solve those issues. But they found some sort of comradery in this that made them feel powerful, that made them feel like, okay, I, this is a community that accepts me and they actually make me not feel like a piece of crap.


Right? There are people out there who are still persuadable, who voted for Donald Trump. So I think it's the goal of, of us, of this entire community to be in full persuasion mode every single day and highlighting the chaos. And we already see the more people see what Donald Trump's act. 'cause campaigning is different than governing, right? And the more people see what Donald Trump is actually doing, especially now, 'cause his actions are not gonna only be seen by his people. They're gonna be shown on these networks, right? Whether the networks give him good coverage or bad coverage, people are gonna be seeing these crazy actions every day. But we saw in one week his approval rating go down like quite a bit.


And, and we saw a big backlash to like all of his signature policies. We saw this right off the bat. And so Ben, I I don't wanna step on you 'cause I know you wanted to get into this also. So, so let me know if we should show some of this data or if we should hold on it. But the point is, when people actually are seeing what Trump is doing, a lot of people will not like it, but they will only not like it if we don't give up, if we don't quit. And there are so many people Right now, I'm not saying this community, but like a lot of people in the Democratic party right out there, right, who just sort of seem defeatist, right? Or seem like, oh, in order to win people over we need to be more like them and we need to like make our policies more MAGA and things like that.


And it's just like the, such the wrong way to work about it. Like have your values speak loudly and proudly about them and actually fight for something. Like that's what people want. People want fighters. And we all need to be fighting for our country. If that calvary is not gonna come from this, these party infrastructure and from leaders like that, we're gonna be the ones who have to take it on. Let's take our last quick break of the show Then. I can't you Right now. I'm not sure if You're mute, but I just wanted to add this there. Brett de leadership needs to step up. Like to your point exactly, their dem leadership needs to figure out a way to combat the, the Biden, the DEI, which is strong frigging messaging. This community is doing amazing. The pro-democracy community is doing great. Speaking out and and putting that down, but I I I need to see it outta Dem leadership.


Can you now? Yeah, you're good now. Perfect. Well why don't we take our last quick break of the show. Brett will go over that data. We'll go over Donald Trump being asked a question about, well you said you were gonna what cleanse or clear out or just get rid of the whole Gaza situation that you were gonna cut this deal with Egypt and Jordan. But it turns out that they're saying there's no deal. We're not, we're not doing that. We don't know what he's even talking about. And Donald Trump's like, they're gonna do it, just trust me. They'll, they'll do it. We'll talk about that. We'll talk about some data reminder. patreon.com/midas Touch is where you get to do Zoom meetings with us.


Secret links, get to meet with us, and then midas plus.com led by our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski. You can subscribe for free@midasplus.com. So you might as well just subscribe for free. Test it out, try it a lot of free content. And look, we don't have outside investor, so we'd like you to become a paid subscriber, but you can try it out. Become a paid subscriber. Do whatever you wanna do. We're just grateful that you're a part of the Midas mighty either way. Let's take our last quick break of the show.


Muscles are vital for movement and play. A key role in supporting the vascular system. The calves often called the second heart, help pump blood against gravity, aiding circulation throughout the body. By using a standing desk and incorporating movement accessories, you are more likely to engage these muscles, promoting improved blood flow and overall health. If you work in front of a desk like I do, you've probably experienced the frustration of sitting for long periods. I seriously thought this would be a lasting problem until I discovered this episode. Sponsor Uplift Desk. Uplift Desk is at the forefront of ergonomic solutions, promoting better posture and health through adjustable standing desks designed to help you live a healthier lifestyle. Plus they offer amazing accessories to keep you moving throughout the day. My personal favorite, the under the desk treadmill, which I have right here. It's a game changer for staying active while I work. Standing while I work gives me more room to move, which gets my creative juices flowing and helps me stay productive. I'm more focused and I'm more alert and I've noticed I have so much more energy throughout the day. The best part, Uplift Desk lets you customize your desk with more than 200,000 configurations to suit your style and needs. Their desk configurator helps you build a complete workstation, including storage, seating, and even wire management. Make this year yours by going to Uplift Desk dot com slash midas and using our code Midas, that's M-E-I-D-A-S to get four free accessories, free same day shipping, free returns, and industry leading 15 year warranty, covering your entire desk and an extra discount off your entire order. That's U-P-L-I-F-T-D-E-S k.com/m EI ds for a special offer only available at our link. Start 2025. Right stand, move, thrive with Uplift Desk.


Sometimes figuring out dinner can feel like solving a puzzle by the time you've decided what to make the night's over and you're reaching for ramen again. Sound familiar? That's why I love Home Chef. They make dinnertime simple, delicious, and stress free. Home Chef delivers fresh ingredients and a chef designed recipes conveniently to your doorstep to simplify your cooking experience. Whether you prefer classic meal kits with pre-portioned ingredients, quick 30 minute recipes, oven ready options, or even microwave meals. Home Chef has something for everyone. Plus, their dedicated family menu is a lifesaver for busy households. Here's why I love it. The recipes are easy to follow. The ingredients are always fresh, and the meals are consistently delicious. I recently tried their creamy chicken pasta bake. It felt like restaurant quality, and I made it at home for under 30 minutes. No stress, no guesswork, just great food. Users of leading meal kits have rated Home Chef number one in quality, convenience, value, taste, and recipe ease. And now they've launched their five ingredient meals. Super simple recipes that use just five fresh pre-portioned ingredients. To make your prep even easier for a limited time Home Chef is offering our listeners 18 FREE Meals PLUS Free Dessert for Life and FREE shipping on your first box. Wow. Go to Home Chef dot com slash midas to claim this amazing offer. That's Home Chef dot com slash midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for 18. Free meals and free dessert for life Home Chef dot com slash midas. Must be an active subscriber to receive free dessert. Try Home Chef today. Your future dinners will. Thank you.


That is just an absolutely absurd offer by Home Chef LinkedIn. Description of YouTube and audio. Also, shout out Uplift Desk, man. They're the greatest. If you guys are in the market for an Uplift Desk, check it out. And If you Go there, sometimes I'm genuinely like, how does somebody make money? I please use the goat. You know, I'm like, I I didn't even understand. You're giving away that many meals. You're giving away that many, much money. How does it work? I dunno, but great deals, Jordy, that you got here for the Midas mighty. So Trump's ambassador to the United Nation, Elise Stefanik was asked at a confirmation hearing whether she espouses a biblical view that Palestinians and Palestine should simply not exist. And she said she agrees with that biblical view.


You had Mike Huckabee, Donald Trump's ambassador to Israel say the same thing, that he has a, a Christian zionistic view as he refers to it as a biblical perception that Palestine should not exist. And then Donald Trump also said that he wants to clean it away or get rid of it and just, you know, you know, just get rid of the whole damn thing. And then he said he's got a deal with the king of Jordan in Egypt, where that's where he is gonna move all the Palestinians. And then he implied that he was gonna build like condominiums. He says it's a great place for building great waterfront property. And by the way, several years ago, Jared Kushner made very similar remarks.


I still remember where there were these Muslim leaders in Dearborn, Michigan and others who were saying that Donald Trump was gonna be just great. He was gonna be great for all of the Muslim issues. Well, Donald Trump is now gonna be imposing a Muslim ban that's worse than the first one perhaps when he banned your entire people. I don't know. That may have been a rad flag, red flag, the first administration. And we were saying that Donald Trump is very, is is, it's not the same thing when it comes to Trump and Kamala when it came to issues of Palestine and Kamala wanting a two-state solution. And Donald Trump not. But Donald Trump's being asked about, he says he's got this deal, but the president of Egypt and the king of Jordan say that we know nothing of this deal the same way Donald Trump made up a lie, that he was gonna have a peace deal in Ukraine in 24 hours.


That he now WMD weapon and mass distraction wants us to forget about as Putin and Russia are literally mocking him on Russian state TV every day. But here's what Trump had to say about Gaza. Let's play it. President presidents and the King of Jordan have both said that they won't taking displaced people from Gaza like you suggested, is there anything you can do to make them do that? I mean, tariffs against those countries, for example. They will do it. They will do it. What makes you say that They're gonna do it? Okay, we do a lot for them and they're gonna do it. Mr. President, you, I mean, it's literally the stupidest loop of timeline that they're gonna do it.


Okay? They're Gonna do it. They're they're gonna do it. Now the question should, question should have ended after he said the Egypt president and the king of Jordan said that they're not gonna do it. Did you notice the reporter though there, If you were listed carefully, like are you gonna use things like tariffs? Yeah. The the, the question almost implies the fact it doesn't, doesn't almost, it is embedded with the fallacy that these tariff threats are having an impact and are going to make Egypt and Jordan change their behavior in a material way. And, and it's, it's loaded with this idea that tariffs make sense.


Tariffs are a tax on American corporations. Like, do, do you need me to say it again? Slower tariffs are attacks on American corporations that import to try to disincentivize them from bringing in foreign goods. And sometimes it does that and the tax is then passed on to the American consumer. If the American company still imports from the foreign country, the foreign country gets pissed because it's an economic weapon against them. So then they impose retaliatory tariffs, then a trade war starts.


Donald Trump believes that America was, its richest in the 1870s, which is just the blatantly most stupidest thing you can possibly say. We were not the most powerful in the 1870s. And so this whole concept that we should be more like 1870 America is quite literally the dumbest thing. But also, just going back to that video, you've got Donald Trump again. This was, this is his latest lie. They're gonna do it. Why could I say so? Okay. I just, they're gonna do it. We do a lot for them. They're, he has no sense of the geopolitical environment While Russia and China are feasting, they could not be happier Right now for similar end dip.


They could not be happier. China's reaching out to all these countries saying, let us help you. Let us invest. We'll be the new leaders, WHO Let us help you. Let us help you. Let us help you. And Russia's like this totally justifies all of our territorial ambitions to take Ukraine and to take Europe. Putin for doesn't believe for a second that he's going to broker any deal that is in total capitulation. And he thinks that Donald Trump will allow that to happen. The only thing Ukraine is banking on, and I've been reading a lot of stuff from, from Kyiv journalists out of this, is that somehow Donald Trump just gets so frustrated that he looks like a bad negotiator that maybe he will get frustrated with Putin.


That's literally what Ukraine is banking on. Now finally, let me show you this clip though, where Donald Trump says that they, so they announced at another event that they were gonna launch a Guantanamo Bay concentration camp, let's call it what it is, A concentration camp in Guantanamo Bay as like a, a point where migrants will be sent. And I guess potentially Americans too. 'cause they're rounding up people who aren't even migrants and the, the, and people who are here lawfully. Donald Trump says he's asked about it and he goes, his concentration camp is not gonna cost anything. It's not gonna cost a lot of money here. Watch this One time pay and you want 32, 30,000 beds there.


Is there a possibility that will increase or is 30,000 it Could increase? Yes. What, What would be the maximum? It depends, but countries that won't take back their criminals that they sent into us, you know, they sent them to us, they put 'em into the caravans and they came in as sure as you're standing, that they were sent by those countries and then they're gonna be met very harshly with sanctions, et cetera. I Are you hoping to have one time obey this new facility up and running? It'll Be up pretty quickly. How much Do you think it's going to cost? Not very much. Which a lot of the structure is already. Theres, you know, You said that Confidence may have played a role. Are you, As you know, I don't know a lot of the structures there that, look, I think you could probably ask Donald Trump any question about any topic and that that, and he will respond with the ridiculous hands.


I mean, I think you can literally ask him, there have been reports that Russia has highly trained unicorns that are whatever. What, what's your view on that? And he would respond. I think, you know, we have unicorns, they have unicorn. I I I think you can ask him the dumb, you know, anything and he will respond with some sort of lie that is utilizing the framing of the question. It's, it's absurd what he's saying there, that it's not gonna cost anything like a miracle. It's all gonna go away. Was his covid all, all of this is like what we predicted here.


Conservative estimates were that Donald Trump was gonna add five to $7 trillion to the, to in debt. I was saying, well that's what he did last time. $8 trillion. So this time I'm putting a five x multiple on it. So I was saying between 30 and $50 trillion in debt that he's gonna add, just think about it, one of these flights is like a million dollars with 80 people on him that he uses the jet and he makes the films about it. He is the most reckless with the spending and wait until they push forward their billionaire tax cuts. That's gonna be their main thing. That's, that's working its way through Right now, Brett. Everything that he is lining up Right now with the tariffs, with the spending, with everything he's doing, it's, it's setting it up for honestly just like an economic disaster that's all designed to funnel money, obviously to the richest people in the country and the people who operate private prisons and, and things like that.


Like who do you think is gonna, you know, and I can't believe we even have to like, speak about this crazy Guantanamo idea in the realm of reality. But we, but we have to. But who do you think is gonna like, you know, be be going down there to create these massive prisons in Guantanamo Bay? It's gonna be some Trump lackey who runs private prisons, some billionaire who's gonna get all this money. And just to put it in perspective also, I think Guantanamo Bay at its peak and Guantanamo Bay is in Cuba, it's like an area of Cuba that we've like taken control of. And we put like, you know, a lot of people who are, are like dangerous war criminals, but a lot of people have also been there because they've been in the kind of wrong place, wrong time. These are people who haven't gotten due process at its peak, it was like 700 prisoners that got to Guantanamo base 700 at its peak.


Currently today, the last time I checked there was 15 people in Guantanamo Bay. So he wants to go from 15 people. And Right now the 15 people who were there are like the most dangerous, you know, people in the world who like did nine 11 and and things like that. He wants to go from 15 people who are prisoners of war and he wants to now in a, in a place that shouldn't exist, quite frankly. He wants to now bring in 30,000 migrants and treat them as war criminals basically and, and bring them into this area designed for up to like 700 people. And there's no way to do this in a way that's not going to be absolutely just dehumanizing. And it's, it, it, it's really, Guantanamo has been a stain on our country since it's been open.


This takes it to a whole other level. It's just completely abhorrent. And it's just another step in this crazy kind of Trump chaos where he's just showing us that there is no bottom. So here's their way to cover up the government freeze, right? So everybody was pissed. Red state, blue state, Democrat, independent Republican government freeze. It probably impacted you or somebody you knew in some material way. The chaos. I mean, I had friends who were saying that, you know, they had procedures and they weren't sure if they were gonna be able to have a lifesaving procedure taking place. And whether you were talking about any of these government program people were impacted.


I saw statements from the governor of Louisiana, far right wing governor, the governor of West Virginia, far right wing governor saying that they were caught off guard. And you know, they're like 45, 50% of like, their budget comes from the federal government, which by the way, blue states help fund them. You think about Tennessee, you know, for example, all these red states are funded by the blue states with federal funds. 'cause they can't really fund themselves by and large. And then they wanna rail against the federal government. So, so what's Trump's current version of they're eating the cats and dogs. What red meat can he throw to his base knowing that a lot of people who support him have less than a fifth grade education and that there are about 50% of our country or 60% as under a fifth grade education, and that's the electorate.


So what they came up with was that they needed to do this because Biden was, was putting $50 million or, or tens of millions of dollars and sending it to Hamas. So Hamas can build bombs made with condoms, condom bombs, devastating condom bombs by Hamas, $50 million worth. I kid you not, this is what they went with. And it's so outlandish, it's so out there, condom bombs, $50 million to Hamas. So even when I heard it, at first, you have to think to yourself, okay, maybe they're not condom bombs, but were we sending $50 million of contraceptives to Hamas?


Were were we sending, were we doing that? Like you, you start trying to go down, okay, there's a lie, but, but, but some of it must be true, right? Because people don't lie about everything. No, they lie about everything. Like literally from USAID of the $60 million of a much bigger budget that was sent internationally regarding contraceptives, because you don't want internationally the spread of aids to occur in HIV for example, which then finds its way back to here. Pandemics as we've learned, are global in nature. So the fact that they may start in countrywide doesn't mean they end up back in the United States. But none of that went to Gaza.


None of that went into the West Spain, none, none of that went there. So literally this whole concept of condom bombs lie, but Trump's supporters feast on this stuff. They love, like, like this hits them and then, and then they're enraged and then they're so pissed about condom bombs here. Play the clip first of Trump talking about condom bombs. So people like, oh, Ben, whatcha talking about here play In that process. We identified and stopped $50 million being sent to Gaza to buy condoms for Hamas 50 million. And you know, what's happened to them?


They've used them as a method of making bombs. How about that? How about that? It's a lie. How about none of it is true. But that's the thing, like when I, when when maga people reach out to me, If you wanna even call it that, they send me memes like they, they don't engage in actual discourse. Like they have a meme that they send you for everything and then they start, then the new meme is like a photo of Biden with Hamas and then condoms, and then it's like a meme like that. And this like really hits them, I don't know, in their reptilian brain or whatever. And people run with this thing and it's literally all a lie.


And as I said, it's a WMD weapon of mass distraction. So you can ignore the fact that none of Donald Trump's promises are true. But perhaps when he said he was gonna free all the January 6th insurrectionists, by the way, to have the episode come full circle when Cash Patel was testifying at the confirmation hearing and California Senator Adam Schiff was asking him, Hey Patel, you were bragging that you came up with the J six choir song with the most dangerous insurrectionist, many of who tried to kill police. Patel goes, I didn't do that. Senator Schiff goes, well you went on Bannon and you said we produced this and you talked about all the things that we did, meaning, meaning you.


And then Patel goes, yeah, but I said we and then Senator Schiff goes, so you don't include yourself in we meaning you and Trump and others. Yeah, I I don't know what that was referring to. That's where they're going with this. They created songs with the insurrectionists. They, they created musicals and, and, and choirs about this. But this is the WMD weapon of mass distraction that they're deploying to get you to forget about all of these things that none of Trump's promises are true, Brett. Yeah. And one of the strategies also, and, and you know, whether you call it a distraction or not a distraction, one, one of the, one of the moves that he does is just flood the zone with shit.


And that's literally a phrase taken from Steve Bannon, from Donald Trump's first term. That's a coordinated strategy by them to do so much chaos that it's hard to even keep track of it all. Even in the way that they handled these hearings today where you had tulsi and you had Cash Patel, and you had RFK today all going at once, the three most controversial nominees that's designed to put a lot of shit out there in order to divide your attention and make it so it's hard to focus on any one of 'em. It's hard to cover 'em and, and all of that. So we, you're going to see a lot of this flooding the zone from Trump. We are going to see more chaos. But I think the one bright spot of this week was that it showed that our voices matter when it came to this funding freeze and the rescission of the funding freeze and the chaos around it, the judge ultimately ruling against them, the reason for all that chaos and uproar was because people made noise.


And so we have to understand that we still need to use our megaphone and make noise at these things and do what we can to ensure that people realize how dangerous Donald Trump's policies are, how dangerous these funding freezes are, because they're gonna try to position all these as good ideas, right? The same way they try to position their attacks on diversity as, as good ideas, the same way they try to frame all these attacks on staffers who deal with our airline safety as they were just cutting the budget. Don't you want a more efficient government? Sure, I want a more efficient government. I don't wanna get rid of the person who controls the air safety for our planes. That's for sure. I got a, I got a plus symbol in my video. So, you know, just keep eye on where did that come from?


That's I keep, keep, keep your eye on the ball everybody and understand that your voice, your voice has power. Got Ben and Jordan not making fun of me making the thumbs up for the audio listeners, your voice still has power. Our voice is still a power. It's why we need to continue to spread these messages. It's why we need to continue to speak out and it's why we can't let them get us down and, and drive us into like this submission and this like, okay, well it's just so much, I I gotta tune out because I I I can't focus on it. That's exactly what they want you to do. And that's exactly why we're going to do the exact opposite of that every single day. That's why this Community defeated, busting their butts every single day, coming out, sharing the videos, talking about it, making noise in the right way. And I just wanna say thank, thank you guys.


It, it doesn't go unnoticed. Like none of this, none of this reach is possible without, without y'all here. So thank you from the bottom of my heart. Look, we hit about 22, 20 3 million views or so every 48 hours by reference. That's more than the three biggest Fox shows combined. Bigger than Hannity, Laura Ingram and Jesse Waters all added together. And that's thanks to you, the Midas mighty. Our choir needs to sing loud and we need to be proud about our views and values and principles and we need to make sure that we continue to fight for the American people, for the American worker and for our democracy.


So if you can, we don't have outside investors, one of the best ways you can help is just subscribe. It's free to subscribe, turn your notifications on. If you subscribe on YouTube, go look for it. It says notifications on when you do that. That means when I put out new videos or Bread or Jordy or any of our hosts put out new videos, you get the alert right away even though we do 'em pretty much every 90 minutes. If you haven't figured out the pattern by now, If you can keep checking back always throughout the day, as I'm sure you do, you get those notifications. Another way you can help out is@midasplus.com. Our editor-in-chief, Ron Philip Kowski writes the best daily recaps every singleDay@midasplus.com and you could subscribe for free and test it out and see If you like it.


And then maybe If you like it, you become a subscriber because without outside investors, it's one of the main ways we grow and it's a great, great product in my opinion. Midas plus.com, check it out and please subscribe there Right now. Finally, patreon.com/midas touch a great destination where we do our special zoom meetings. So if you wanna meet Brett, Jordy or I, when we hold these meetings, that's a great place to do it. Also, there's a tier of membership on patreon.com/midas touch where you can become an honorary producer and your name shows up on the Midas Touch podcast live.


You get to see your name there, it's forever etched in history. And we'll show that, we'll show that at the end that I feel like I am at the Oscars meant do this one Stays in the pot, The Oscars and I'm getting the signal. Alright, Ben, buddy. Anyway, those are our honorary producers right there. Thank you to all the honorary producers, patreon.com/midas. Touch Midas mighty oh mods to all of our mods. Thank you so much for all the work you put in and to all the Midas mighty out there. Thank you for all the work you put in each and every day for our democracy. Whether you live here in the United States or abroad, it's important that we stand in solidarity with each other for democracy, for peace, for freedom, for love, compassion and empathy.


We're here together, we're all in this together. We'll get through it together and it'll feel very, very sweet when when we do. Thank you everybody for watching this episode. Oh, hit Subscribe to not just this, subscribe to the audio podcast as well. So wherever podcasts are available, just search might Midas Touch podcast. It goes a long way to help us when you subscribe to the audio, even If you don't listen on audio, which you should usually listen to it on audio, subscribe their audio listeners, go to the YouTube subscribe, help us on all of the platforms. Thank you again. We love you. We're grateful for you. We appreciate you, Jordy. You got it. Shout out to the Midas my day.


Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 750,000 followers.


Customers are rushing to your store. Do you have a point of sale system you can trust? You need Shopify for retail. With Shopify, you get a powerhouse selling partner that effortlessly unites your in-person and online sales into one source of truth. Track every sale across your business in one place and know exactly what's in stock. Connect with customers inline and online. Shopify helps you drive store traffic with plug and play tools built for marketing campaigns from TikTok to Instagram and beyond. Shopify's sleek, reliable POS hardware takes every major payment method and looks fabulous at the same time. Do retail right with Shopify. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash lifestyle. All lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash lifestyle to take your retail business to the next level today.