
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry With LifeLock. Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


Hey, aren't you that PBM Middleman at your service? Doctor? Don't you get rebates that save money on medicines? Oh, PBMs like me get big rebates. So why do patients tell me they're worried about their costs? No one says we have to share the savings with patients. Congress should make sure medicine savings go directly to patients, not middlemen. Visit PMA dot org slash middleman to learn more paid for by pharma.


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year's. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today,


Mr. President, you're gonna be at the inauguration. Some union leaders and even some kind of rank and file workers ended up voting for the other guy. How do you square that? You think you reach a deal in Gaza before determinants as you prepare to leave the White House. Any other regrets that you have? Anything you wish you would've done differently? His rhetoric, what he's done, what he's threatened. That's not America. That's not who hell we're. We're not going away. I'm not going away. I'm Ben from the Midas Touch Network reporting from the Roosevelt Room in the west wing of the White House. That's right. We have a very special interview for you today with President Joseph Biden.


We will talk about his time in the White House. We will talk about his legacy. We will talk about what he intends to do in the future. We will talk about what is nato, our NATO allies, saying to him. We will address all of that and more on the Midas Touch Network. Mr. President, I want to thank you for this interview today, and we're here in the Roosevelt Room right now in the west wing of the White House. You have a few more weeks here in the White House. And so as you look back over the past four years, what do you believe are your biggest accomplishments that you're most proud? Well, When I ran, I said I was gonna try to do three things, resource, some integrity of the office, bring back a sense of focus on the needs of ordinary people and try to unite the country.


And so that's what I've done. I've tried to do in four years. We've accomplished a lot. I mean, I, we, it hadn't trickled down to every single person yet, but we're in a situation where we have the strongest economy in the world by any measure. For example, we made sure that we got ourselves in a situation where we wanted to get results immediately. So I started working on the things I thought were most consequential. How can we lead the world without having the best infrastructure in the world, the best ports, airports, et cetera, roads, highways, transportation, electric connectivity. How can we lead the world if we're not dealing with the single greatest threat to humanity?


The emergence of climate change. We go above 1.5 degrees Celsius. We're in real trouble. Our children and grandchildren and great-grandchildren are real trouble. And if we can't move in a direction of C to it, that we take care of the people who are most in need. For example, the idea that we charge so much for prescription drugs in America, I can take any one of you guys. You have a prescription from any American, American drug company, put you in Air Force one and fly to any of 10 cities in America in the world. I get you the same exact drugs from a drugstore, quote unquote, in those countries.


That is 40, 60% less. The only thing, only protected entity was Medicare could not negotiate with drug companies. I also think it was really important that we do something about, you know, 1% of the population was defending 99% of us, and we, we weren't taking care of our veterans. We had to. So that's why I worked so hard to make sure we're in a situation where we're provided for the opportunity for the veterans to be cared for and their families to be cared for. We fundamentally change that. And we also move in the direction of making sure that we're in a situation where we provide for opportunities and education and provide for opportunities to deal with the things that ordinary people have a shot of being able to do.


And I guess maybe one of the big things we've done, we've attracted trillion dollars off the sidelines. We invested in the mirror by an American. And so for example, we have, we invented that little computer chip. We made it, we we made, we made it more sophisticated. Well, when we found out because of we, we found out that corporations were exporting to manufacture those, the cheapest labor around the world. But then guess what, when Covid hit and those, those outfits shut down because of illness in the mid in far east, well, guess what? We found out we needed 300 to build an automobile. We found out and so on and so forth. We were in real trouble. So I decided to change that to make sure we were, we were part of the supply chain.


Yeah, we were the beginning of the supply chain. And all that has re resulted in real significant economic growth. It hasn't yet gone to all the people because it takes time to get it up and running. But I, those are the things I focused on first. And look, you mentioned all of these accomplishments that you just listed and you focused on bottom up, middle out economics to help Workers Infrastructure act. Inflation reduction Act created over 16 million jobs more than any president. But here's the thing though, and I really want to get your insight on some union leaders and even some kind of rank and file workers ended up voting for the other guy with all of the benefits you delivered.


How do you square that? Well, not many did, by the way, number one. Number two, I think that it's hard to translate. I think the one thing that I should have spent more time talking about is these things are gonna take time to be put in place. For example, when we decide that we're gonna build a computer chip factory outside of Columbus, we're gonna invest billions of dollars in construction of that facility. Well, all the jobs are gonna be created by the construction needed to do it. And then these, what they call fabs, these great big things twice the size of football fields where people are gonna be making these computer chips.


And guess what? The average salary is gonna be $102,000. And you don't need a college degree. It's gonna fundamentally change the community. But the problem is it's gonna take time to get them up and going. The same with almost all the stuff we've done. And so I think the failure to connect between what was happening to the economy as a whole and what's gonna happen to the middle class Americans as a consequence of what we've done, it's gonna take a little bit of time. What are you gonna do? When the other guy that was out there bragging about accomplishments under you, the Medicare $2,000 cap, it's gonna kick in in 2025 and he's gonna be out there saying, I did this.


How's that gonna make you feel when that happens? Look, it continues to benefit the Ameri, look, I, I've invested more in red states than in blue states. All these programs we just talked about. And the reason for that was the red states didn't operate very well and they really hurt their, their, their constituents. So those factories close and the like fact is that I represent all of America, not just not just Democrats. And I think what it's gonna do is gonna bring the country more together than separate it. And for example, you already have folks like Marjorie Taylor Greene and others saying, don't, don't eliminate the factory after, after talking about the proposal that we're gonna bill.


That was the worst idea anybody's ever had. She didn't vote for it. So I think there's gonna be a bit of a comeuppance here. But the bottom line is I'm convinced that over time the American public respond to what is the intention of a party to try to help ordinary people. And the fundamental change I made, and I made a speech at Brookings Institution about it recently was, and the economy, the fact is that we had a long time this idea of trickle down economics. Let the wealthy do very, very well. They'll have so much money they'll trickle down on people's kitchen tables and coffee tables and like, and they'll, everyone will benefit.


I've never bought that theory. And so what I've decided to do was to change it, to build the comedy from the middle out and the bottom up. Wealthy still do very well, but the middle class and working class people do much, much better. And that's exactly what's happening. And so I think the long term prospects for the country are very Good. Let's talk about foreign policy. Are NATO allies, what are they saying to you right now? You know, Trump's out there threatening allies. Mexico, he's threatening Canada with tariffs, obviously NATO countries very concerned right now. Are we gonna stand up to Putin in 2025 the way you did?


What are they saying to you and what's your, Well, look, I for your audience, there's these various organizations like the G seven, the leaders of seven European nations and the like G 20, all these. And I've attended all these. The only advantage being the old guy in the presidency, I have more experience in this than anybody else does. And I've known all these folks and one of the things that we've done was Dave said to me at end of these meetings, oh come on. He can't walk away from this. Our democracy depends on it. Well, they're concerned and they're concerned whether Trump's gonna do some of the fool hearted stuff. He says he wants to do these extreme tariffs, which are gonna cost the American taxing the middle American taxpayer dealing with not supporting Ukraine by letting Russia have its way moving in a direction where we walk away from, look, I was able to expand nato, expand it, not just maintain it, but bring it back and expand it.


You know, Henry Kissinger called me 10 days before he passed away to say, Joe, not since Napoleon has Europe not looked over its shoulder at Russia with dread dread until now. Well, we were able to, I was able to convince two countries, Sweden and another country with an 800 mile border a along the Russian border to join nato. And so it's a stronger organization. Yep. But we've gotta demonstrate that we're prepared to continue to do our part. And I think that the vast majority of the members of the Congress, even among Republicans, think that. So I doubt whether the president's gonna be able to walk away from those commitments.


You're gonna be at the inauguration, Of course I am. Only president ever would avoid an inauguration with the guy that's about to be inaugurated. That's what I want to talk about. Because he obviously did not make the transition easy for you would be putting it as delicately as I can. You've made the transition smooth. You've invited him to the White House. How do you square that with his rhetoric, what he's done, what he's threatened to invite him here, sit him in the oval smile. How do, how do you do that and why? Well, Because it's who we are as a nation. It's how we're supposed to be. The fact that he doesn't abide by the rules of the democracy we've established is not my concern.


My job is to make a transition workable and available and make sure, and he's beginning to adjust to it. He's beginning to now to say, to go background checks for his people and so on and so forth. The bottom line is that we can't keep this up. We can't keep up this childish game of walking away when you don't agree and not cooperating depending on who you talk to. And I talk to a lot of Republicans somewhere between, well most people say 30% of the Republican parties and the Maggart Republicans now. And they can, they are the Republican party now. I i I, it's gonna be interesting to watch what happens to the Republican party if he tries to implement some of the things he said he was gonna do.


But it's important the democratic institutions are consequential. We're the most unique nation in the world. Every, the nations are as come about as a consequence of ethnicity, religion, geography. We're the only one building an idea. The idea is we're all, we hold these truth to be self-evident. All men and women are critical, et cetera. We've never fully lived up to it. We've never walked away from it. And we have to keep keeping faith with that notion, even if the guy that I'm running that's about to take office has a different view. Let's talk about the media coverage of your presidency. We talked about all of these accomplishments, but very rarely did you turn on the TV and hear about 16 million jobs.


Very rarely did you hear about the Biden stock market up 50% from Trump. You, and you weren't out there bragging about your stock market. I mean, the other guy would be doing that every day. Yours was up 50%, 55%. So what's your overall view of, I think the, the media coverage? Do you think there's anything you could have done differently in interacting with them? What, what's your overall perspective on, on that? Were they too busy covering the horse race of politics? Well, I think it's, you and your crew here would know much better than I would, but I think the media's changed drastically. Not bad or good, just changed in a fundamental way.


When you read that only, what is it, something like 17 per six, 7% of people under the age of 25 reading a newspaper, forget their news, you know, so on and so forth. It's technology is changing everything. And I think that, I think you're, you guys are extremely successful because you speak to what is a truth. You say, this is what I think the facts are. And you lay it out and you, you speak to it. But it's hard to, there are very few editors anymore, very few editors saying you, you can't write that. Or you have, you have billionaires buying standard newspapers that are well known and saying, we're not gonna do that anymore.


We're not, because I don't, I I don't want to do it. It's so, I think it's gonna take a while for this to sort out What are you working on right now that you hope to accomplish before the end of your term? Is there one thing that you're hoping to get done? Well? Well, there's a couple things I want to get done. And for example, we're in a situation right now where we should be provided for the funding to make a transition to deal with some of the issues that relate to women's issues. For example, when women's health dealing with issues relating to whether or not we're going to, we should be passing ERA, there's a consensus for it.


We should be dealing, there's a lot of things we should be doing and, but we just gotta keep talking about 'em. I, I don't know that it'll get done before I leave, but I got a lot done in terms of dealing with issues relating to the urgent needs of the moment. For example, the idea that all those folks who were sent to jail for drug charges that have sub subsequently been fundamentally changed and are lower, why should they still be in jail for the same charge? So there's a whole lot of things we're changing Yeah. In the near term that will provide for greater equity and fairness. I want the, I want people look at my government and say, my government's fair, my government's being fair, they're being decent.


They're working in a way that benefits everybody. And so there's a lot of things we, we, and I'm, look, I'm not going away. I'm not gonna no longer be president. My next question, I'm gonna be deeply involved in matters. For example, you know, we, when I got elected, we weren't even part of the, the deal trying to deal with international concern about the environment. So I, we rejoined the, again, the, the group that said of the, in the world. We were one of the few major nations out of that group that said that if you let, if you let the temperature go above 1.5 degrees Celsius, it's over.


It's over our, you know, we're, it's the only existential threat to humanity. Well, I'm gonna be continuing to work very hard on environmental issues. And even the main, for example, when when I was running for, when I was deciding to run for president, I hadn't formally announced my plan on the environment. 'cause I wanted to sit down even though everybody, I had a long record on the environment. I wanna sit down with union guys. When I think environment, I think jobs, I don't think restrictions on jobs. It's jobs creating thousands of good paying jobs, dealing with environmental concerns. And so once the IBW notice came along and said, oh, okay, we're changing our view.


'cause remember four years, five years ago, six years ago, unions thought environment, environment that that's cost us jobs we're, it's exact opposites happening. So what we try to do is focus on the things that are gonna have a longest term impact on the security and stability of, of, of my country. Yeah. My children, my grandchildren, and not mine. All children and grandchildren. And I think we're doing that and it's, it's starting to take hold. Let me ask you this. As you prepare to leave the White House, any other regrets that you have? Anything you wish you would've done differently?


Well, I guess if I thought a lot about it, it'd be something I've done specifically done, but not generically. I set out to do two things, restore America's leadership in the world. I think we've done that. And two, to generate opportunity for ordinary people to have a shot in the economy. And I think we've done that as well. And so we've changed a, the, the sort of a measure for how to build an economy from the middle out and the bottom up rather than the top down. And we've worked in a situation where we've, we've once again, this reestablished our leadership in the world. I always ask people rhetorical questions, if America is, is not leading the world, who's gonna lead it?


Who, what country is it capacity? And so we have an obligation and an opportunity to make a world better for everybody, but without being. And by the way, look what we've done. We've changed the dynamic in in Europe. We're in the process, God willing. And if my effort goes through with what's going on in God's in the Middle East, we may have an agreement there. Look what's happening in, in, in, in the, in the, the Pacific and particularly in the Indian Ocean and the South China Sea. Well, guess what, we have a group now, Asia, excuse me, and India, Japan, Australia, United States, a quad that is bringing stability to that region of the world.


You think you reach a deal in Gaza before your term is I hope so. I think so. But you never know. What do you say to Americans who are understandably very nervous right now who didn't vote for the other guy who are fearful of the threats, the rhetoric, the the idea of attribution. What do you say to them who are looking at you, who admired your work, and what do you, what do you say to them right now who are Watching? We gotta stay involved. We gotta keep fighting. You gotta make clear we're not going away. We're not going away. I'm not going away. I'm gonna be deeply involved in the environmental, we're deeply involved in foreign policy, deeply involved in all the things I've been involved in before.


There's a whole lot of people too that are doing that. And I don't, I I know I'm not, this is not appropriate for me to be asking you questions, but think about what you guys, what decisions you have to make to be the kind of, you have to kind of listenership and followship you have. And how do other other entities do that? And tell the truth like you do. It's about finding ways to communicate with people that are, that are so different than existed even 10 years ago. And it's a moment of transition. I know I drive my friends crazy. I keep talking about major inflection points in American history, in world history, but every six or seven, every, every six or seven decades, something changes the consequence That generates a significant shift in the way people look at things.


Look, look what, just what global warming has done. I had early on, I met with Putin when I first got elected and he talked about global warming wasn't a problem. I says, it's not you're in, you have, you ru Russia's in eight time zones around the Arctic circle. Guess what it is? Melding methane is coming out of the ground. What are you gonna do about that? How's it, well, not sure what to do. That's why we have to work with countries, even though we have different views on many fundamental things, we can disagree with them, but we can still work on the things that affect all humanity, like global warming. You've said before that project 2025 would cause major economic harm.


It's in contrast to your bottom up, middle out. How dangerous do you think project 2025 is? And It's devastating. I think if a project 2025 came along and you, you know, how many thousands of government employees they want to cut, how many changes they wanna make in terms of what we can do and not do. I mean it's, it's, it's an extreme policy written by extreme group and I don't think it can take hold. So you were youngest senator Now the oldest president. I I was, I didn't Say it. You're very nice to say it. I didn't Say it. What's that been like having those two perspectives?


Well, you know, it's been interesting. When I first got elected, I was 29 years old, you have to be 30 to be sworn in. I got elected when I was 29, didn't turn 30 until 17 days later. And it was, it took, it took time. I used to be stopped going to the senate elevator with this vote. No, no. I said, no, no, I'm, I'm a senator too. But what's happened is it's given me an enormous amount of experience in that, you know, ultimately all politics is personal. It's about building personal relationships. Tell you a real quick story. During when I was vice president and things were really starting to fall apart in terms of the way the parties are talking to one another, I realized there were a lot of senators that I didn't know.


I was, I think it people, most people would say I was a fairly successful senator and bipartisan efforts we put together. So I went over to the Senate dining room, not the one where I could take you as a senator and to have sit down and have lunch with you, but we're just senators eight with one another. It's right across from the Senate dining room. There's that elevator in the first floor is on the left side. You walk in, there's a big buffet table, a big seat, a table of seats, 18, 20 people and one, and then there's a perpendicular to that. There's one in the back. Democrats and Republicans sit at different tables. Well, I was concerned, I was convinced by Teddy Kennedy to go over there and go, go to lunch on a regular basis.


You sit there and you learn that the man or woman you're talking to just had a big fight on the floor with has a daughter or son who's dying or a wife has breast cancer or he or she has law, has a serious loss. It's hard to dislike someone when you know their problems. You can disagree like hell, but you still work together. And we've lost that. There was very little communication between Democrats and Republicans in the whole office before. And it's hard to get things done that way. I remember I went over, as I said, I was a vice president, I decided I, and I was known for having good relationships in the Senate.


So I show up for lunch. There's no, there's no dining room there anymore. Just easy chairs, no place. A group of Democratics and Republican senators a regular basis. We just sit down and talk, get things done. So we have to, it it things become too distant in my view. And I think it's gonna start changing. Is that one of the things you're gonna be working on after you leave here to try to fix that? And you mentioned some of your plans after you leave. Well I, I've been talking with a lot of Republicans who are either no longer hold office, like I will not, but still are deeply engaged and those who in office.


And I think there's ways we can begin to accommodate the changes have to take place that are, don't have to be. So it doesn't be so visceral. It doesn't have to be so personal. It doesn't, I mean in terms of going after each other, it's about what is it that the American people most want. They want to be able to turn, look, they wanna be able to turn on a television and here's some good news they wanna, I mean, but does that sell anymore? I've talked to a number of your colleagues who are with the major networks over the years, the last six, seven years, and they talk about how they, they, it's hard.


It's hard for them to be able to communicate with, with one another. And they're worried about what they say. Well, will one party go after them or not? Will there be retribution? Look at all the threats, look at, look at all the threats and being made about getting back at people who, who got, who crossed, who didn't support Trump or didn't support, I mean, I won't go into the name, but all the people, he's, I mean, what, what's going on here? That's not America. That's not who the hell we are. And I think that it's, I just gonna continue to fight against it. Any kind of formal organizations that you're thinking about starting?


Is this a, with these Republicans that you're talking about, is there gonna be some sort of group that's gonna be working towards those goals, Democrats, Republicans, to try to, well, There's some working on specific issues together on, but I think it's more about making, continue to make the public case that you should be able to say what you believe without worrying about retribution because you didn't support a particular candidate in your party. And look, you know, I that old joke, I don't belong to any organized party. I'm a Democrat. But all kidding aside, that's go the truth of the matter is I think that there's, there's a lot of cohesion among the Democrats now and I think we're gonna, I think you're gonna see some things change in terms of getting things done that we need to get done for.


How can you lead the world without the best education system in the world instead of doing away to department educated. How the hell can you lead the world without having the strongest environmental protections in the world? How can you lead the world if you don't have the best infrastructure? And if we don't lead the world, who does? Who does? The rest world's looking to us. They're looking to us. Final question, when history is all told, how do you want to be remembered? What do you want your legacy to be? I kept my word that when I said I was going to do something I did. And that my focus has always been about how to give ordinary people a shot.


You probably heard me say it before. My dad used say, Joey, your job is about a lot more than the paycheck. It's about your dignity, it's about respect. It's about being able to look at your kid in the eye and say, honey's gonna be okay and mean it. It's about being able to be yourself and focus on people who need some help. And the vast majority of American people, all they want is a chance. Just a chance. And they'll do fine. You see hope. I do. I'm hopeful. But you know, I, when I was a I, when I was a years ago, when I was a senator, I had, I have to be vice cranial aneurysm.


And I remember being wheeled down in the operating room with the nine hour operation and they said they issue was whether aneurysms were congenital or environmental. And I said, doc, I don't care. Just fix it. And after it was all over, my neurosurgeon said, you know, your problem is senator. I was a senator then your problem is your congenital optimist. I have enormous faith, enormous faith in the American people to end up doing the right place. I really, really do. We just gotta keep fighting. Mr. President, thank you so much for this interview. Thank you for what you've given this country over the past four years and I really appreciate It.


Thank you. Thanks pal, appreciate it. Thank you.


This time of year a good hoodie is absolutely essential, but these days it's tough to find one that will last through the season. That's why the American Giant classic full zip hoodie is made to last a lifetime so you can count on it to bring you comfort and warmth year after year, slate Magazine called it the Greatest Hoodie ever Made. And from Cotton a zipper. It's made right here in the USA. It's crafted with timeless style heavyweight fleece, a double lined hood, and reinforced elbow patches, which means this hoodie can withstand any outing or adventure. It'll be your new favorite hoodie and you can depend on it for years to come. Plus buying from American Giant means supporting local communities of farmers, manufacturers and more. This season, snag the hoodie that will bring you comfort for life. The American Giant Classic full zip and save 20% off your first order@americangiant.com when you use Code Classic 24 at checkout, that's 20% off your first order@americangiant.com. Code classic 24.