
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


So Vladimir Putin just continues to brutally mock Donald Trump on Russian State tv. Like we previously reported how Putin was just showing nudes of Melania over and over again as his handpick hosts would mock Melania and Donald Trump. Well, in the past few days, one of the things Putin's been doing is he's been calling Donald Trump gramps and he's been having his propagandist to host their version basically of the Hannity Show. Say, okay, it seems like we need to help Gramps. Let us help you gramps. You're not gonna be able to conquer Greenland gramps. We'll conquer it for you. And so what these propagandists on Russian State TV are saying, it's exactly what we warned against here on the Midas Touch Network and others did as well, that when Donald Trump's talking about annexing Canada and Greenland and attacking Denmark and attacking Panama, it will be used as pretext by Russia and other authoritarian regimes to say, actually, we're going to conquer these places.


You know, why don't we conquer our neighbors like we're already doing? Look, America's saying they're annex in Canada and all of these countries that justifies our unlawful invasion of Ukraine. And while we're at it, why don't we take Poland? We can take Finland, we could take Sweden, we could take Norway. What? What else should we take? By the way, it enables Xi Jing Bing to say, well, Taiwan is ours by the way. Even Venezuela is getting in on the action and Venezuela is saying, we wanna conquer Puerto Rico. Why don't we join with Brazil and then we could use our forces and let's take over Puerto Rico, everybody. What are you gonna do about it? Donald? This is the chaos and havoc that Donald Trump is already causing.


So let me show you just a minute or so from this Russian State TV propaganda. I wanna give you the disclaimer that that's what it is. We have the captions on the bottom. It's just important that we show you here what is actually happening so you can see it for yourself. That's why I give you the disclaimer. This is where they go on their primetime show, calling Donald Trump, grams this, grams that. And they use Donald Trump's words against him to support Putin's agenda of conquest. Watch this Premier Trump's.


Now we've been reporting again on these various appearances on this Russian propaganda tv. Like we were talking about them, showing them Melania and Nudes, where they would say, it is your body, your choice, Melania. I guess this is what you wanna do with your body. Also, Putin knows that Donald Trump is weak and will be terrified of threats. So, you know, Putin made a deal with be Ru one of their neighbors, giving them nuclear weapons and saying that nuclear weapons are going to be positioned facing Europe. Putin just cut a deal in the past 48 hours with Iran, a 20 year partnership with everything on the table.


And we're seeing a lot of already kind of international deals, shifts in alliances as countries are scrambling to deal with the fact that America will no longer be a, a leader in the world under Donald Trump. You know, for example, I talked about how Mexico did a, their president Scheinbaum did a public meeting with Xi Jinping at the G 20, a few months back after Donald Trump won the election to send a message. We'll just work with China Donald, if you are going to try to screw us, we have other options. China's expanding the bricks block of Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa, and they want us to join bricks.


We said we weren't gonna join it before we wanted to be good neighbors with the United States. But Donald, if you're attacking Canada and you're attacking Mexico and Panama, I guess we're gonna have to look at new alliances.


How good is that feeling of fresh, clean teeth? Now I only used to get that true feeling twice a year after I went to the dentist. But that all changed. Now that I use the new Quip 360 rechargeable electric toothbrush, the new Quip 360 oscillating toothbrush literally revolves around you. Finally, an electric toothbrush that doesn't overcomplicate the most basic daily ritual. Quip 360 is a bold, simple design that comes in multiple colors and is ultra quiet for a super clean without being super annoying, accepted by the American Dental Association, Quip 360 is scientifically proven to remove up to 11 times more plaque between teeth compared to a manual toothbrush and provide up to two times more whitening on day one. If you don't absolutely love your Quip 360, return it for free within 30 days. If you do love it, brush easy knowing you get a free lifetime warranty for purchasing on Get quip.com. Get Quip QUI p.com and the opportunity to subscribe to refill heads by mail every three months so you never have to go to the store. And now with Quip Perks, Quip is literally putting their money where their mouth is. When you subscribe to autoship, you'll be enrolled in Quip Perks to earn credit back over time, free your mouth with Quip and discover the 25,005 star reviews and mouths already loving Quip. Just for listeners of the Midas Touch podcast, get 20% off site wide and a free travel case and countertop. Stand at get quip QU ip.com/midas. Free your mouth today and save 20% sitewide plus a free travel case and countertop. Stand at get quip QU ip.com/midas. Get Quip QU ip.com/midas.


You Have Mexico also forming a, doing another deal recently in the past 48 hours with the president of Guatemala sticking up for Panama as well as their sovereignty is under attack. And while all of this is happening, remember what Donald Trump's promise was. Donald Trump said in Ukraine there would be a peace deal in 40, in 24 hours. He said after the election, that didn't happen. So even if you assume Trump may meant 24 hours after the election, I mean after the INAUGURATION, well that's not gonna happen. Donald Trump's envoy to Ukraine. Keith Kellogg was on Fox and he said We need at least 2,400 hours, like a hundred days.


Give us a hundred days and then maybe just maybe we'll start to create a framework for something. But again, just showing how utterly weak and pathetic, you know, Trump is already breaking the key promise that he would bring peace right away here, play this clip. So what we're do, we'll set the conditions for the president and then he'll eventually get to a position where he'll be talking to President Putin and also Prime Minister Zel, president Zelinsky as well. And I think they're gonna come to a, a, a, a solvable solution in the near term. And when I say by the near term, you know, I would like to set a goal on a personal level, professional level. I would say let's edit at a hundred days and move our way back and figure a way we can do this in the, in the near term to make sure that this solution is solid, it's sustainable, and that this war ends to to, and so that we stop the carnage.


And I think that's gonna be very, very important to do. It's gonna be important for our national security. It's a part of our vital natural interest. And it's also good for Europe as well, and the globe as well as to as well. Alright, Well all of this is going on. There was also a trade deal between the European Union and Mexico. This trade deal was put on hiatus for nearly a decade and they're renewing their relations in a big, robust way. So a lot of people now are, a lot of countries are saying, look, Trump is weak, pathetic, rambling. He's gonna cause a lot of damage. He wants to isolate the us, let them be isolated.


Trump's bluster, bravado, his threats against allies. We need to create a new international structure. And then you also had Canadian Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau, right before the weekend, he gave an impassioned speech as well. Maybe I'll do a whole other video just on his speech. And in and in Prime Minister Trudeau's speech, he said, all options are on the table in terms of our retaliation against the United States. And if you make us feel pain, we wanna make it clear to Americans, you will feel pain. We will inflict pain on Americans. Your prices will go up. And we we're ready for a trade war. You wanna come after us, bring it.


We're, we're, we're. You shouldn't. But we'll be ready for them. That's what's going on internationally. Wanted to give you a fulsome update. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thank you for watching. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 500,000 followers.