
This is the sound of your ride home with dad after he caught you Vaping. Awkward, isn't it? Most vapes contain seriously addictive levels of nicotine and disappointment. Know the real cost of vapes brought to you by the FDA


Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc license 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


It gives me no joy to continue to report how Russia continues to mock the United States of America after Donald Trump won in the election, or how Vladimir Putin keeps demonstrating his dominance over Donald Trump, quite literally having his Russian state-owned tv laugh at and mock Donald Trump by continuing to show nude photos of Melania on their evening broadcast. And. it continues, of course, with Donald Trump nominating Tulsi Gabbard to be the director of National Intelligence, who many people in the actual intelligence community believe her to be compromised by Russia and actually working in the interest of Russia.


She's made numerous posts spreading dastardly lies and conspiracies about Ukraine, having Biolabs to justify Russia's unlawful invasion of Ukraine. She talks negatively about nato. She praises Russia consistently. She's featured on Russia TV quite frequently for her pro Russia stance on everything. I'll just, I can show you lots of clips like this, but this was back from June of 2022. Here's Tulsi Gabbard on Russian TV being highlighted here. Play this clip Now.


Russia State tv, which earlier in the week was showing those nudes of Melania while the hosts were laughing and mocking Donald Trump. This is their evening broadcast. It's like their equivalent of the Hannity show. Just to give you perspective. This is their Fox News as Fox News is basically Trump state propaganda, except Russia is mocking the United States now for what it did. So here's Russian tv. This was from last night, and they're praising all of Donald Trump's picks. And they're saying you can listen to yourself and you can see the captions where they talk about how Donald Trump continues to show his love of Vladimir Putin. I'm just gonna show you a minute of it, but you're probably not gonna see this anywhere else.


I just want you to see how they are, how our enemies are actually viewing us right now, mocking us, laughing at us, and they just, they couldn't be happier with what Trump is doing here. Play this clip, Daniel Hill, Donald Trump.


Now just take a look at some of these posts by Tulsi Gabbard, just so you can see it for yourself. I know there's a lot of hyperbolic rhetoric out there, and so I know you want to see the facts. Okay, Ben, you're saying she's compromised by Russia. What do you mean by that? Well, Tulsi Gabber tweeted that Japan was America's enemy because of Pearl Harbor. Within hours of Japan giving Ukraine alone, she goes, as we remember, Japan's aggression in the Pacific. We need to ask ourselves this question. Is the REM militarization of Japan, which is presently underway, truly a good idea? We need to be careful that shortsighted self-serving leaders do not end up bringing us again face-to-face with a rem militarized Japan.


She said that because that was the Russia talking points when Japan gave aid to Ukraine. Here again is who Donald Trump is nominating to be the director of National Intelligence, giving her the most highly classified of information that exists, which could be turned over to Vladimir Putin. Here's what she said about Ukraine. Now this is word for word, the lies and disinformation spewed by Vladimir Putin about the bio labs and why they had to invade Ukraine. Everything you're going to hear is Russian propaganda and disinformation laundered through the mouth of Tulsi Gabbard, who's now the director of National Intelligence here play this.


Here are the undeniable facts. There are 25 to 30 US funded bio labs in Ukraine. According to the US government, these biolabs are conducting research on dangerous pathogens. Ukraine is in an active war zone with widespread bombing or artillery and shelling. And these facilities, even in the best of circumstances, could easily be compromised and released these deadly pathogens. Now, like Covid, these pathogens know no borders. If they are inadvertently or purposely breached or compromised, they will quickly spread all throughout Europe, the United States, and the rest of the world causing untold suffering and death.


So in order to protect the American people, the people of Europe, the people around the world, these labs need to be shut down immediately and the pathogens that they hold need to be destroyed. Instead of trying to cover this up, the Biden Harris administration needs to work with Russia, Ukraine, nato, the UN, to immediately implement a ceasefire for all military action, the vicinity of these labs until they're secured and these pathogens are destroyed. In addition to all this, the US funds around 300 bio labs around the world who are engaging in dangerous research, including gain of function. Similar to the lab in Wuhan where COVID-19 may have originated from now.


After realizing how dangerous and vulnerable these labs are, they should have all been shut down two years ago, but they haven't now. This is not a partisan political issue. The administration and Congress need to act now for the health and wellbeing of every American and every person on this planet.


My old laundry detergent used to come in these big plastic jugs, And. it never lived up to the hype. I know you know what I'm talking about. The laundry wouldn't come out as fresh as it was supposed to, and that became so frustrating. This podcast is sponsored by Laundry Sauce. Laundry Sauce created the world's best smelling laundry detergent in simple to use high performance pods. Laundry Sauce has transformed the mundane task of doing laundry into a luxurious and exciting experience so you don't have to dread laundry day anymore. Earlier this week, I just used the Egyptian rose pods and my clothes smell amazing. So what's the secret behind Laundry Sauce? Well, they partnered with one of the top fragrance houses in the world. The same team behind many of your favorite designer senses. From Australian sandalwood to Egyptian rose to cyber pine with Laundry Sauce Laundry day will never smell the same again. Plus, they stripped away all the unnecessary ingredients and artificial dyes and maximized the hardworking science back stain fighters and enzymes to ensure your favorite clothes come out looking brand new. I went from dreading doing laundry to legitimately being excited to do laundry because I know my clothes will come out smelling amazing. I love Laundry Sauce so much. My favorite scent is that Egyptian rose I mentioned earlier. It's sort of like a rose mixed with some warm nutmeg and clover spice. It's amazing. And I'm not gonna lie, my whole house kind of smells like Laundry Sauce now, but I'm not complaining and I know it's just me. Check out the reviews on their site. They're some of the funniest reviews you'll ever read and are super authentic. They match my own experience. Exactly. Plus it's not just the pods that they sell. Laundry. Sauce makes scent boosters, dryer sheets, dryer balls, fabric softeners, and even candles too. Plus, if you aren't happy, send back Laundry Sauce for a full refund, no questions asked. Elevate your laundry with Laundry Sauce. Now is the time to experience Laundry Sauce. Head to Laundry Sauce dot com slash Midas and use promo code Midas at checkout for 15% off. That's the best offer you'll find, but you must use our code Midas. That's M-E-I-D-A-S for 15% off your order one last time. That's Laundry Sauce dot com slash midas promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for 15% off.


Now I, I will show you one more clip of Tulsi Gabbard right here saying that Ukraine should not be able to ever join nato. Play this clip Presidents Putin, Zelinsky and Biden. It's time to put geopolitics aside and embrace the spirit of aloha, respect and love for the Ukrainian people by coming to an agreement that Ukraine will be a neutral country, no military alliance with NATO or Russia, and therefore alleviate the legitimate security concerns of both US and NATO countries as well as Russia because there'd be no Russian or NATO troops on each other's non Baltic borders. This would allow the Ukrainian people to live in peace.


Aloha. By the way, Russia TV is again, as I mentioned before, celebrating this you saw on tv, they're celebrating this on their social media platforms as well. Another post from Tulsi Gabbard, here she goes, this war and suffering could have easily been avoided if the Biden administration and NATO had simply acknowledged Russia's legitimate security concerns regarding Ukraine's becoming a member of nato, which would mean US NATO forces, right on Russia's border. In other words, she's blaming NATO and the United States for Vladimir Putin unlawfully invading Ukraine.


It's a straight up Russian propaganda talking point right there. I've also been covering here how, what's going on behind the scenes that corporate media refuses to cover about how Vladimir Putin is showing his dominance over Donald Trump, how Russia is mocking us right now. How they're treating us like one of their satellite nations, like a weak, pathetic entity as a result of Donald Trump, not the proud, great, brave country we are that should be leading the world. So just think about this, right? Donald Trump leaks to the Washington Post earlier in the week that he spoke to Putin, right? And he says that I ordered Putin not to escalate further in Ukraine.


We had a great conversation, he says, and that was reported by Washington Post. So in international diplomatic relations, right? If you were going to show partnership, you would acknowledge the existence of that communique taking place at a bare level, and then you would follow through. You would expect Putin to say something like, we've had a conversation. We take it deeply ser if there was mutual respect. But this is how Putin dissed Donald Trump, Kremlin Putin, the Kremlin dismiss, like saying DC Kremlin dismisses reports that Trump and Putin spoke in recent days, and Putin said that any insinuation that he spoke to Donald Trump about Ukraine is quote pure fiction.


So just saying, Donald Trump is delusional, so I'm not afraid of you. I'm just gonna say you're a freaking liar. And so that was a message that was sent also Putin, then immediately after that, so-called phone call escalates, sends more troops into Ukraine. He bombs a reservoir right there causing havoc, clear signs of escalation in Ukraine, and absolutely no signs of deescalation there as well. You know? And despite the mockery, the humiliation, Putin's putting the Trumps through, they just keep begging their daddy Putin for help and saying, we're gonna help you Daddy Putin I mean, look, you have Don Jr.


Making Instagram posts saying You're 38 days from losing your allowance regarding President Zelinsky. And it's a photo of Zelinsky with money flying at his face. By the way, did you catch in that Russian TV segment that I shared with you where they were like mocking the fact that, and the United States of America picked a TV host to be their Secretary of Defense? You pick a guy, Peter HEA zero experience, who's a Fox TV weekend host to be the defense secretary of the United States. Of course, Russia is laughing at us and rejoicing at just the Idiocracy here, Matt Gaetz as Attorney General Matt Gaetz as Attorney General Christie Nome killed her dog cricket to become the Homeland Security Director.


What are we talking about here? Well, they're talking about it in Parliament in the uk. And here is what Ed Davey had to say when questioning the Prime Minister what the UK is going to do. You know, now this has real world consequence. This isn't a game right now. Countries in Europe who need to protect their own sovereignty 'cause Putin's gonna plan on invading the other countries next. They have to now shift and say, we can't rely on nato, we can't rely on America as an ally. We've lost our alliance with America, with the United States of America.


'cause America is coddling the enemy right now. So here's that moment in Parliament. Let me show you A senior advisor to President-elect Trump. Donald Trump Jr. Has shared a post on Instagram that declares that President Zelensky will soon, within the next few weeks, lose his allowance. The Trump administration does withdraw support from our brave Ukrainian allies. Will the UK and Europe step up to fill the gap? Will he seize frozen Russian assets, not just the interest, but the assets underlying that so he can fund a huge boost to the Ukrainian forces in their fight against Putin's war machine.


Mr. Speaker, as he knows, we've been resolute and strong in our support for Ukraine in the face of Russian aggression. And I have been speaking, as he will know in recent weeks with other leaders about how we put Ukraine in the best and strongest possible position at this time. And I'll continue those discussions. Thank You. By the way, here is what Elizabeth Warren, Senator Warren from Massachusetts had to say about Tulsi Gabbard. Let's play this one. Many things I disagree with Marco Rubio on, and I haven't decided yet about voting for him, but he is qualified, he has experience. We may have differences that would cause me to say, I don't think that he should be Secretary of State.


And we'll go through that. We'll listen to the hearings. I wanna hear very carefully from him. But what we're talking about with people like Matt Gaetz is very different from what we're talking about with people like Marco Rubio, and we just have to keep that in mind. But do understand with Matt Gates, and you've already made this point, he's not the only one out there who is unqualified and who raises whole questions like Tulsi Gabbard does. You really want her to have all of the secrets of the United States and our defense intelligence agencies? Well, when she has go so clearly been in Putin's pocket, that just has to be a hard no. And here is John Bolton, the former national security advisor to Donald Trump, who said that Donald Trump is a threat to nato, a threat to our national security.


And here's what John Bolton had to say, here, play this clip, Sir Tulsi Gabbard, what are your thoughts this morning? Well, I, I thought it was the worst cabinet level appointment in history until they then heard about the Matt Gaetz appointment. Really, my reaction was that this is like the legend of Cula, the Roman emperor who wanted to nominate his horse as a Roman cons. You had to be a Roman senator at the time to be a consul And. it was intended to show how demeaned and degraded the Roman Senate had become. So now we're gonna see whether the American Senate can stand up and reject two people who were totally unqualified, unfit professionally, and, and, and really lacking in the, in the immoral characteristics, the character that you need to hold these jobs.


I think this vote should be a hundred to nothing against both of them. And so folks, as I said at the outset of this video, it does not bring me joy to report that our powerful nation is being mocked by Russia. That America now looks more like Hungary, the country, Victor Orban a satellite of Russia than the United States of America. But that's how Russia is treating us like a clown show right now. And frankly, the clown show has come to Washington DC with Gates, Christine Nome and Tulsi Gabbard and Peter Heif, and Fox hosts more idiotic than Idiocracy will report on it every day though we'll be by your side, every step of or going nowhere and subscribe.


Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thank you so much for watching. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.