
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


If you've heard that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science-backed language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with Bael right now, up to 55% off your bael subscription at bael.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify. Podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


Be honest, when's the last time you had a homemade meal? We get it between meetings, workout classes, and the kids after school sports. Who's got time to cook? That's where HelloFresh comes in. No matter how busy you get, HelloFresh has everything you need to get an easy home cooked meal on the table with flavor packed recipes like Parmesan, herb crusted salmon. You'll be filling your kitchen with the cozy aromas of a homemade meal in no time. So go ahead, try HelloFresh. It's homemade made easy. Learn more@hellofresh.com.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The new year brings new health goals and wealth goals. Protecting your identity is an important step. LifeLock monitors millions of data points per second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's Restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed, Or your money back resolve. To make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's S goals. With LifeLock, Save up to 40% your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply


From the first whistle to the final drive. FanDuel takes the NFL playoffs to the next level because right now, new customers can bet $5 and get 300 bucks in bonus bets if you win. That's $300 in bonus bets. If you win your first $5 bet. The FanDuel app gives you everything you need for live bets, same game parlays, and so much more. Plus, when you win, you'll get paid instantly. Just visit FanDuel dot com slash bet big to join today and get started with $300 in bonus bets. That's F-A-N-D-U-E l.com/bet Big. Make this playoff season unforgettable with FanDuel. An official sports book partner of the NFL must be 21 and up and present in select states for Kansas, an affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 and up and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions. Apply C terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Call 1 8 8 8 7 8 9 77 77 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 support in Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny or Text Hope NY in New York.


Vladimir Putin and Xi Jingping are just laughing in Donald Trump's face right now. They're laughing in the face of the United States of America. So here's what went down a few things. Number one, Donald Trump held a press conference yesterday where he was asked, Hey, you promised to bring peace to Ukraine in 24 hours. What are you specifically doing to negotiate peace in Ukraine from Russia's unlawful invasion? You said you would get it done. Give us some insight into the negotiation. This is real. What Donald Trump said is that he asked Xi Jingping to get the war in Ukraine settled. He says he's delegating that to Xi Jingping.


I don't show the audio or videos on our YouTube channel during the hot takes that I do. If you wanna take a look at the clip, you can go see it from our executive producer asin, who posted on our various social media platforms like Blue Sky and X. But as Donald Trump is saying that he's delegating to Xi Jingping, it comes as the same time that Xi Jinping and Putin made an announcement that they actually made a deal together. So at the same time that Donald Trump's inauguration was going on, and Trump had that just bizarre executive order signing session in the Oval Office, here's what went down. Xi Jinping declared readiness to bring China Russian ties to a new height in call, in a call with Putin.


So remember Donald Trump said on day one, he actually said right after the election, he would get on the phone, he would call Putin, he would call Zelinsky and he would bring them together. And he said, you do this, you do this. And Trump said, because he's such a great deal maker that he would resolve everything and there would be peace in Ukraine. Remember, that was his promise. And if you wanna say that Donald Trump really meant 24 hours after the inauguration, well remember the day of the inauguration, Trump was like, just give me half a day more. Give me half a day more. Well, Donald Trump did not call Putin and Zelinsky and bring them together, but who called who? Xi Jingping and Putin called each other.


They held a video conference where they agreed and they made a deal to bring the China Russian relations to new heights. They said this was a call that took place at the same time of the inauguration while Donald Trump was holding this press conference saying that he was delegating things to Xi Jingping, Xi Jingping and Putin announced on January 21st that they held this video conference and made this deal to help each other and to remain each other's leading source of providers of dual use goods and to be each other's largest consumers of energy, resources and products.


So that's what was going down. At the same time, you have Russian media just totally mocking Donald Trump. So I, I wanna show you this. Read the subtitles here. What I'm going to show you to be very clear, I give you the disclaimer, this is Russian propaganda. But it is important that you see what they're saying on Russian state run media and how they are brutally mocking Donald Trump on Russian state run media and Putin controls state run media. So remember what went down, which was right after Trump won the election, Putin started having state run media, show nude photographs of Melania.


And then the hosts would like laugh and mock Melania, and they would say, I guess it's her body, her choice, Donald. Remember that was going down. And remember Donald Trump was also like, yeah, I spoke to Putin. And then Putin leaked to his sources that there was no phone call ever And that it was pure fantasy to suggest that there was a phone call that took place. And then Putin accelerated things, escalated things, cut deals with North Korea, Donald Trump's buddy Kim Jong-Un to send North Korean troops into Ukraine. All of that was going down. But let me show you what happened in the past 24 hours on Russian State tv. So they're like mocking Donald Trump in this clip.


The hosts of this Russian state tv, they're like the Sean Hannity, Jesse Waters, Laura Ingram, if you will, of Russia. And so here they're like, look, Donald Trump needs Putin. Donald Trump needs to beg Putin. Donald Trump can't accomplish anything unless Daddy Putin gives Donald Trump permission. Watch this first clip. Let's play it Economist.


And then in this next clip, you'll see that Russian State TV starts saying that, look, maybe we'll just start taking over allies of the United States. You know, they think that will agree. This is what Russia State TV is saying. It's ridiculous that NATO thinks that we'll accept peacekeepers from the UK or France or the Netherlands or some of these other countries. They go, why don't we just invade those countries? Again, this is what they're saying on Russian State tv. And none of this stuff goes on without Putin's approval. Here. Watch this.


Now in this last clip, I want, this is enlightening stuff, right? To see what's going down and how they're talking about things and how they're viewing Donald Trump as completely and utterly weak. So here you have Russian TV laughing at Donald Trump's promise that he was going to bring peace to Ukraine in 24 hours. And just saying how utterly ridiculous it is. And they were also talking about how some of the Russians were actually invited to the inauguration and given, you know, VIP treatment while the head of the president of France and other allies were not given kind of anywhere near the distinction of Russians here at play.


This clip Much.


Now, one of Donald Trump's first executive orders was this one right here, reevaluating and realigning United States Foreign Aid. What this executive order did is it stopped funding a foreign aid for the next 90 days, which would also likely include financial aid to Ukraine, Taiwan, and, and Israel potentially, although Donald Trump, with respect to Israel, at least Israel, that that's not going to happen. Now, one of the things that President Biden did was try to trump proof aid to Ukraine by giving as much aid in 2025 as President Biden possibly could, knowing that Donald Trump was not going to secure peace in 24 hours and this was all bs.


Alright, let's talk about NAD plus. It's an every living cell in your body and it helps keep you young by repairing damage, detoxifying, and giving you energy. But between age 20 and 50, your NAD plus levels are cut in half. No wonder we start feeling older, more tired, and less vibrant. But here's the good news, Qualia, NAD plus makes it easy to boost your NAD plus levels by 74%. It's a simple supplement that's vegan, gluten-free, non GMO, and packed with ingredients to help you feel at your peak longer into life. Quality NAD plus contains the most powerful NAD plus precursors like niacin, niacinamide, and nigen. These ingredients are clinically tested to boost your NAD plus levels and quality. NAD plus has many other holistic ingredients that support all major aspects of n nad plus production in your body. Plus it's doctor formulated. So you know, it's the real deal. I've been using qua NAD plus since they sent it to me, and the difference is huge. I actually feel energized, awake, and ready to take on the day. I had no idea how much my low NAD plus was dragging me down. To boost YOUR NAD plus levels by up to 74%, go to quality of life.com/ Jordy for up to 50% off and use code Jordy at checkout. That's J-O-R-D-Y at checkout for an additional 15% off. That's Qualia Life dot com slash jordi, J-O-R-D-I for 15% off your purchase. Thanks to Quaia for sponsoring today's episode.


Now, Donald Trump sent his surrogate Secretary of State, Marco Rubio. It's just always wild that I'm referring to, I mean, he is a Secretary of State now with this, this ridiculous new administration. But it is what it's, we got a report on the news Secretary of State Rubio is asked on CBS. So was there peace in 24 hours? Like why wasn't there? Peace Rubio was like, we actually kept our word, we kept our promise. He goes, Donald Trump never said there was gonna be peace in 24 hours. Yes, he did. Rubio, but Rubio goes, Donald Trump said that he would say there would be peace in 24 hours. Not that it would actually happen.


He literally said that he was gonna make a deal, and when the election was taking place, as soon as the election was over, there would be peace here. I want you to watch this Secretary Rubio. One of the many things that President Trump said during his campaign run was that he would end the war, the war in Ukraine on day one. That did not happen. How do you reconcile with the fact that he made a lot of promises and now it might be up to you and the team to keep these promises? Yeah, like I think the promise the President made really, if you look at it, is it's going to be the priority. It's going to be the official policy of the United States that the war in Ukraine needs to come to an end. It is a stalemate. It's one look, it's a war and it's a conflict that was started by Russia, but it is now a stalemate, a protracted bloody conflict been incredibly destructive, I would argue for both Russia and Ukraine.


But Ukraine is, is paying the, the, the biggest price of all to its energy infrastructure, to the people and lives that have lost to the millions of Ukrainians that have had to leave their countries and are living overseas. The conflict needs to end, and it's a policy of the United States that we want it to end. We wanna do everything we can to help it end. We are going to, So there you have it. Donald Trump's negotiating skills is to delegate the negotiation to Xi Jinping to reach a deal in Ukraine when then Russia and Xi Jinping are announcing their broader alliance, which is to check the United States. I mean, y'all, y'all see what's going on here, right?


Like this isn't just shocking to me that corporate media is not making these connections. I mean, it doesn't shock me. They're, they're in the tank for Trump, but like, this is pretty serious stuff. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers and thank you very much for watching. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 500,000 followers.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.