
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request. an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage. LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


And now a next level moment from at and t business, say you've sent out a gigantic shipment of pillows and they need to be there in time for international sleep day. You've got at T 5G, so you're fully confident, but the vendor isn't responding. An international sleep day is tomorrow. Luckily at T 5G lets you deal with any issues with ease. So the pillows will get delivered and everyone can sleep soundly, especially you at T 5G requires a compatible plan and device 5G is not available everywhere. See att.com/ 5G for you for details.


Let's talk about what's going on in Russia where Vladimir Putin is just absolutely taunting Donald Trump. He's telling state run media how gleeful he is at Donald Trump's cabinet picks the perfect picks for Russia. That's what's being said there to state run media, their newspaper Pravda, where Vladimir Putin saying, this is great. I'm so happy this could not be a better situation for Russia. Also, you have senior advisors to Vladimir Putin that are out there saying that they've made deals with Donald Trump's transition team. Whether or not that's true or not, they certainly feel emboldened to say that sanctions are going to be lifted against Russia.


Also, you have state run media just telling people, hang in there Donald Trump's gonna do whatever we want in just a few more weeks. So just hang in there folks. Let's just take a look at what's going on in Russia as they are now taunting America, treating America like one of their satellite countries that they dominate here from the, this is from the New Republic. Vladimir Putin is gleeful over the Trump cabinet nominations. It says Tulsi Gabbard nomination in particular is making Vladimir Putin very happy. He told Pravda their paper how gleeful he is in Pravda, a Russian newspaper where Vladimir Putin talked about this.


They were fawn over what a great pick Gabbard is for Russia. They noted that the CIA and FBI in the United States are now trembling after Donald Trump picked Tulsi Gabbard. The article also noted that Ukrainians considered Gabbard to be an agent of the Russian state. Goes on to say Trump's decision to nominate Gabbard of all people signals his distinct willingness to cozy up to Putin nominating Gabbard for the director of national intelligence is the way to Putin's heart. Our friend Ruth Ben Git told the times, let's take a look at this communique that Russia is putting out how an unnamed member of Trump's transition team, this is what they allege in Russia at the highest level, reportedly told Russia state media that Trump might lift sanctions against Russia and normalized trade and economic relations.


Here is what It says. It says, Trump may live sanctions against Russia. Upon the end of the conflict in Ukraine, a representative of the transition team for Donald Trump told the agency under such a scenario, trade and economic relations between the countries could be normalized. And it goes on to say that Donald Trump may cancel or soften some of the US sanctions against Russia if the conflict around Ukraine is resolved. The forecast was made by a representative of the transition team of Donald Trump in a conversation with this Russian propaganda source right here.


Also, you have Russian State TV showing on 60 minutes that this is what they're saying, that Trump might even try to basically threaten Ukraine right now and forbid Ukraine to strike Russian targets with long range missiles, missile missiles, even now before Donald Trump's official term starts. Meanwhile in Russia, by the way, hat tip to Julia Davis who runs Russia Media monitor, she does a great job reporting on what are they talking about in Russia. So hat tip to you, Julia, great work. Meanwhile, in Russia, after hanging out at the Kremlin, Karen Shara reports that Putin constantly watches Vladimir so Viva's program.


He's the one who always goes on there and kind of mocks Donald Trump mocks Melania. This is like they're showing H Hannity there. They're showing the nudes of Melania there frequently. And as Julia Davis says, this reconfirms that Vladimir Putin is fully on board as Sova imagined, like their Hannity makes these nuclear threats, genocidal comments and makes a complete and utter mockery of Donald Trump. Now meanwhile, in Russia, Julia Davis also says, pundits discussed the US missile authorization and opine that Moscow may not even retaliate, but just wait for Trump to rescind it in two months.


P Morgan, a big Trump supporter on his program though, you know, seems to, you know, I'm like the key issue here. This is what he says. So Russia can illegally invade a sovereign democratic European country, murder thousands of Ukrainian civilians, then rope in North Korean soldiers to help them wage war and the west correct response should be check notes, give Putin what he's stolen. Do eff off. Well, I mean Pi Morgan, you were out there supporting Donald Trump like on the key issue, which could be Vladimir Putin taking over Europe and threatening your home country as well.


I mean you, you supported the ultimate appeasement here. Like I, I don't get how you square the propaganda you spewed with Donald Trump with this statement. I mean it's that cognitive dissidence that we talk about. You know, it's like Donald Trump can, this is like the most important issue to Piers Morgan and Donald Trump basically backs Putin. Yet, yet Pierre Morgan backs Donald Trump. Like make it make sense. It's like all these groups who Donald Trump like literally threatens their existence. Like, yeah, we're still gonna support that guy. Why the price of eggs? Yeah, but what, what? What about the price of eggs? Like you're just one lying about the price. And two, to the extent they went up was caused by Donald Trump. He's the one who caused it by his mismanagement of covid a manufacturing recession before covid his complete mishandling of the economy, adding $8 trillion of debt, giving tax cuts to billionaires, letting billionaires and major corporations price gouge consumers.


But you wanna blame that on Biden. Okay, whatever


Your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. So. if you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you check out Miracle Made bedsheets. Miracle Made sheets are inspired by NASA and they use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long using silver infused fabrics Inspired by NASA Miracle, Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long. No matter the weather. Get better sleeps I do. Now thanks to Miracle Made sheets, they're luxuriously comfortable. And without the high price tag of other luxury brands, I think they are nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. They're infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. So no more gross order. So stop sleeping on bacteria which can clog your pores, causing breakouts and acne. Just sleep clean with miracle. Go to try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one If You, order them today. You can save 40% and If You. Use our promo Midas at checkout. You'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So, if you are 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. So upgrade your sleep now with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas M-E-I-D-S and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE, TOWEL, SET and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


Senator Tammy Duckworth wrote the following, Tulsi Gabbard is a Putin apologist conspiracy theorist and friend to a Syrian dictator who gassed his own people. Not only is she unqualified to be director of national intelligence, she's likely compromised. You think this is as of Vladimir Putin is gleeful. He's saying how happy he is that Trump's doing what he wants. Tammy Duckworth goes on to say, that's not someone who should be protecting our nation secrets. Again, it's like, yeah, obvious. And by the way, as Julia Davis says here, I'm not gonna play the clip, but she says, here's her original translated clip from 2022 where Tulsi Gabbard was perturbed about alleged US attempts to overthrow Putin State TV host Vladimir Sova, who I just mentioned, describe Tulsi Gabbard as their girlfriend and agreed that she's Putin's agent.


That's what they're saying on Russian tv. Now Tulsi Gabbard denies that, but that's what they're saying on Russian tv. This is from the New York Times opinion piece. The American election results were received with enthusiasm in Moscow writes, Mikhail Zagar, a Russian journalist to many in the Kremlin, a Trump presidency might bring about the collapse of the American state. So just so you know, the top people in the Kremlin are saying the Trump presidency could bring about the collapse of America. Like that's what they're saying right now at this very moment. You know, one of the things we see with Donald Trump nominating people like Tulsi Gabbard, this Peter Hegseth guy as Secretary of Defense, a Fox Weekend news host, to be in charge of our nuclear arsenal.


Of course, Vladimir Putin is gleeful. You picked an idiot to be the Secretary of Defense. And one of the things they're doing right now is that when enrollment is a, is a struggle for the military. And one of the things we see that's critical to the military and their recruiting, whether you like it or not, is that the way they've kept their recruiting up is by recruiting for minority groups and women. So now you're going to attack that. You're that. So woke and attack women, combat veterans and attack women soldiers. Here is former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of staff, mark Millie. Here's what he had to say at a Bloomberg Center Convention just just a minute ago.


Play this clip. Don't lecture me about women in combat. Women have been in combat. And it doesn't matter if that 7 6 2 hits you in the chest, no one gives a, if it's a woman or a guy who pulled that trigger, you're still dead So if you meet the standards. Our military must be and always should be a standards based, merit based military, period. Full stop. It doesn't matter if you're white, if you're black, if you're a man, if you're a woman, if you're a Catholic or you're a Protestant, none of those identification things matter. What matters are standards, readiness standards. Do you meet the standard or not? If yes, Pasco Collect 200, join the infantry, And then of course Fox kicks into overdrive trying to protect Tulsi Gabbard.


Here's what they say, play this clip. And those who get rich from the status quo in DC are always going to be threatened by anyone demanding accountability. And this explains a lot of the frenzy over Trump's recent cabinet picks Tulsi Gabbard as Director of National Intelligence. You think Trump had given it to Putin himself? Yes, Laura. I do think that because I mean, take a look at what Tulsi Gabbard is posting. She's spreading these lies about us funded bio labs in Ukraine and how NATO is the problem and saying that Russia is justified and invading Ukraine because of how NATO's treated them.


That that's not a normal response to blame NATO and blame the United States for Russia's unlawful invasion. Unless of course you're supporting Russia and you're an apologist for Putin, you should not be the director of national intelligence, in my opinion. But that's what's going on in Russia right now. Gleeful, happy Trump will destroy America. They're saying that's that's what's going on there. So again, I just want to educate you what's happening, do with the knowledge what you will, but that's what they're saying in Russia right now. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thank you so much for watching. Real quick, Medis changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.