(1s):
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry With LifeLock. Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.

(31s):
Hey, aren't you that PBM Middleman at your service? Doctor? Don't you get rebates that save money on medicines? Oh, PBMs like me get big rebates. So why do patients tell me they're worried about their costs? No one says we have to share the savings with patients. Congress should make sure medicine savings go directly to patients not middlemen. Visit pma.org/middleman to learn more paid for by pharma.

(1m 1s):
How about listening to the sounds of Istanbul? Beautiful, isn't it? But you can't discover the coolest city in the world just by listening. Check istanbul dot go turkey.com now and plan your Istanbul trip today.

(1m 31s):
Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.

(2m 0s):
Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com.

(2m 39s):
Today I wanna show you specifically how Vladimir Putin is engaged in nuclear blackmail against Donald Trump. I want to do that by reading you the following headlines. First, this headline over here, Putin gives Russian security guarantees to ally Belarus, including possible use of nuclear weapons, or as this other article puts it, nukes of hazard Russia deploying nuclear missiles to NATO's doorstep as Putin and his crony. Lucas Chenko from Belarus, the dictator there, brag about their big red buttons taunting Donald Trump. We've got big red buttons. They're using that language that they know scares Donald Trump.

(3m 20s):
Big red buttons. This from the Irish star Putin's chilling map showing the 14 US cities Russia could nuke amid World War III fears, and at the same time, this is all happening. Putin's pal says, Tucker Carlson is acting as a secret back channel to Trump. Tucker Carlson has been in Russia over the past week, meeting with Vladimir Putin's top advisors to spread Russian propaganda or having the consequence of spreading Russian propaganda. And one of Putin's closest advisors is saying that he believes that Tucker Carlson is acting as an emissary for the Trump transition, the same way they use Victor Orandi authoritarian leader of Hungary for that purpose as well.

(4m 9s):
Then I want to go and show you MAGA Mike Johnson from the House of Representatives Speaker of the House, saying that he will not support any current aid to Ukraine. While Biden remains in office, I want to then show you what Angela Merkel, the former chancellor of Germany has to say. Then let's talk about what's going on on Russian TV right now, how they're mocking Donald Trump and continuing to mock him. So you know, one of the things in Donald Trump's psychological profile is actually how weak he is. As I've said before, in the past, American foreign policy was the big stick policy under Donald Trump.

(4m 50s):
It's the teeny tiny stick policy, right? It used to be you. You walk soft or you talk soft, but you carry a big stick. You ultimately can back up what you're saying. You don't have to be loud and obnoxious, but you've got actual power. When the time comes with Donald Trump, it's the opposite. It's puff your chest and be loud and obnoxious and wave your accordion hands, but ultimately, you are a scared little person. When Donald Trump is confronted face to face, he often backs down and Putin knows that pathological profile of Donald Trump. And one of the things Putin wants to terrify Donald Trump with is the threat of a nuclear war and having Donald Trump's entire legacy, entire tenure being known as the person who resulted in World War iii.

(5m 39s):
Remember Donald Trump's language during the campaign, world War iii, world War iii, world, world Putin is basically saying, okay, we'll bring that to you unless you basically give us everything that we want. Nuclear black men. Now, you'll recall after Donald Trump, after the election where Donald Trump won the election, you'll recall that Donald Trump leaked to the Washington Post that he had spoke to Putin and he told Putin, do not escalate. Remember Putin responded, saying, not true never happened. Total fiction. And then Putin continued to escalate. We talked about Putin using North Korean tr troops on the front lines of, on the front lines in, in the unlawful invasion of Ukraine.

(6m 20s):
And now one of the things that Putin did is over the past week, he met with the dictator of Belarus Lukashenko and he said, we'll give you nukes basically and we'll allow you to control him. This is how it's being reported by the Los Angeles Times. Putin gives Russian security guarantees to ally Belarus, including possible use of nuclear war. Here's another article, nuke of Hazard. Russia deploying nuclear missiles to NATO's doorstep as Putin and his crony Lukashenko brag about big red buttons. Lukashenko now has control over the potential use of Russian tactical nuclear weapons. Russia is set to deploy a hypersonic missile capable of carrying nukes at NATO's doorstep in a chilling taunt in the west.

(7m 7s):
Taunting. Let's be clear, in a chilling taunt to Donald Trump, it comes as Vladimir Putin and his pal, Alexander Lukashenko signed a security agreement that finalizes the deployment of Russian tactical nuclear arms in Belarus Moscow's closest ally. You can see right here where those nuclear weapons are going to be positioned relative to where the NATO block of Europe is. Putin also shared a map of the 14 US cities that Russian can nuke and, and as they were mocking Donald Trump saying that they've got their big red button, well all of that's happening.

(7m 48s):
Putin's pal says, Tucker Carlson is acting as a secret back channel to Trump this from the daily beast. Tucker Carlson, the darling of the Russian state media, returned to Moscow this past week, apparently intent on boosting Vladimir Putin's key message on Ukraine. The Kremlin's TV Stooges suggested he may have had an even more sinister ulterior motive. You think. During Carlson's second pilgrimage to Moscow, he interviewed Russian foreign minister, Serge Lavrov. The interview broadcast Thursday night allowed the former Fox News star to push the Kremlin's agenda that the US should back off the war in Ukraine to avoid sparking a global nuclear crisis that could doom us all the nuclear blackmail.

(8m 31s):
I was referring to using Tucker Carlson to push that out. It goes on to talk about this sit down, but Kremlin insiders believed that Carlson was doing something else while in Moscow, while the former Fox host is positioning himself as a dove of peace toiling to prevent nuclear war. Putin's acolytes say he is also acting as a carrier pigeon for the Russian president and privately delivering his messages to Trump. During Wednesday's broadcast of full contact on channel Sov live host, Vladimir Zev told American Americanist Malik Dab. What is important here is that the man who came to talk to lav Rob spent the last six months shoulder to shoulder with Trump.

(9m 15s):
Obviously, he didn't just come to conduct an interview, he has something to say. Apparently he has a message that he is bringing to Vladimir Putin due tov confidently surmise. Yes, we currently see quite a few similar emissaries. It seems Victor Orban is again planning to meet with Trump, and after that he may come to Russia. Once again, there are more people who are willing to pass messages back and forth due to Cov hypothesized that Trump and Putin are exchanging messages as to the terms of their future negotiations about Trump's alleged 24 hour peace plan. Solia replied, quote, Trump will understand that his plan, what his plan is, only after he personally meets with Putin, implying that the Russian president will dictate the terms to his American counterpart.

(10m 3s):
And you see how Putin is already conditioning the battlefield, both the literal one and the psychological one by engaging in this nuclear blackmail to Donald Trump. All of that's going on, but yes, corporate media, please keep whining about President Biden pardoning. Hunter Biden, please keep, I'm of course being sarcastic there. Let me just share this with you as well. We'll remove the lower third right now from our YouTube so you can read the captions right here. This is Russian State Media from this week as well, celebrating all of Donald Trump's cabinet pick, saying if they're allowed to get in, Trump's gonna have them dismantle America for us.

(10m 46s):
Here. Watch this. Let's play it.

(11m 28s):
Let's talk about creatine. Now, If you think creatine is just for bodybuilders or athletes, let me stop you right there. Whether you're looking to tone bulk up or just boost your energy and focus creates creatine, gummies are a game changer. I'm getting so much focus and energy from these gummies that often I don't even need that second or third cup of coffee. Here's the best part. Create delivers creatine in a way that's super convenient. Gummies, not powders, no mess, no hassle. Just grab A few and go. These gummies are NSF certified for Sport made with Creapure. That's the highest quality creatine you could get, and they're vegan non GMO and made with 100% natural ingredients. Plus there's no loading phase, so you could just start taking them and feel the benefits. You've got four awesome flavors to choose from. Orange, blue, raspberry, watermelon, and my personal favorite, sour green apple. They taste so good that staying consistent is easy, and that's key to seeing long-term benefits like better focus, more energy, and even improvements in bone density and muscle protection. Being so busy with Midas Touch, having something that's both convenient and effective is a big win for me. I'm no bodybuilder, but I've noticed a real difference since I started taking these. Creatin really works as advertised, And I love that I could take it anywhere with no mess or hassle. Plus I just love gummies, so it's perfect. Now is your chance to try it out for yourself. Get 30% off any subscription or one time purchase of Create 90 count bags at try create.co/midas. That's try create.co/me I ds for 30% off your order.

(12m 58s):
You know, throughout all of this, one of the things that, ironic would not be the right word here, but you know, you still have some Republicans who pretend that they care about foreign policy. You know, for example, you've got Republican Don Bacon, you know, and he's posting things like this, but at the same time, he's supportive of Donald Trump. Don Bacon Republican says the following, Russia has lost 700,000 casualties and its economy is in shambles. Putin's threats and nuclear saber rattling shows. He's a cornered rat. He's finding out that he's not entitled to control his neighbors who want democracy free markets and the rule of law, and it's showing the front lines in Ukraine compared to two years ago with Russia not really making any advances at all, you then have Don Bacon repost this image of Ronald Reagan saying, quote, isolationism will isolate isolationism, never was and never will be an acceptable response to, to Tyra governments with expansionist intent.

(14m 5s):
Okay, but quite literally, isolationism is what your party's doing. Don Bacon, I mean, this is one of the most important issues to you, and Donald Trump does not agree with you at all. I, I, I just, I don't understand the mentality of those Republicans on their most important issue to just like post tweets and then support an agenda that directly undermines their entire position right here. I do wanna read this history though, so you all know the history of and and Don Bacon. The Republicans reposting this. That's why this is Don Bacon's view, but it's obviously at odds with Trump's view. It says the following, here's the photo of US, Russia and Ukraine, right there at the 1994 Budapest memorandum.

(14m 51s):
I like injecting a lot more history into these videos that I've been doing right now on this day, 30 years ago, Ukraine signed the Budapest memorandum. According to the memorandum, Ukraine agreed to relinquish its nuclear arsenal, third largest in the world in exchange for security assurances from the us, the UK and Russia. Before the memorandum was signed, a famous political scientist, an international relations expert, John Eschmeyer, published an article in which he argued that Ukraine should be encouraged to keep nuclear weapons. According to him, this was the most effective way to prevent a Russian Ukrainian war. He characterized the potential war itself as a catastrophe capable of leading to the repeated conquests of Ukraine, undermining the prospects for peace in all of Europe.

(15m 34s):
Unfortunately, Ukraine was politely forced to sign the Budapest memorandum and relinquished its nuclear arsenal. As a part of the memorandum, Ukraine has destroyed its fleet of long range strategic bombers and relinquished over 1000 cruise missiles. In exchange, the us, UK and Russia have provided security assurances to Ukraine. Obviously, Russia has Gruesomely violated this as well as dozens of other agreements. In fact, the very same rockets that Ukraine has relinquished to Russia are now being used against Ukraine today, while the US and the UK are not Russian, have not violated their agreements after disarming Ukraine, they have an obligation to help Ukraine.

(16m 14s):
Steve Pifer, a US diplomat who participated in the talks leading to the Budapest memorandum, said quote, there is an obligation on the United States that flows from the Budapest memorandum to provide assistance to Ukraine, and that would include a lethal military assistance. I hope the US will behave honorably and will keep its promise by continuing to provide assistance to defend Ukraine's sovereignty. Well, that's being posted by Republican Don Bacon of Roman Sheta, giving that nice historical perspective right there. Well, Don Bacon, the speaker of the house in your own party took to the mic at the end of last week and said, no, we're not gonna be given a security assurances to Ukraine.

(16m 55s):
This is your party, Don Bacon. This is, this is who you are. Play this clip of MAGA Mike Johnson. Let's play it. Additional Aid to Ukraine. Win $24 billion. Do you planning to do that? What is Your position? I'm not planning to do that. There are developments by the hour in Ukraine. I think as we predicted, And as I said to all of you weeks before the election, if Donald Trump is elected, it will change that the dynamic of the Rushy war on Ukraine, and we're seeing that happen, so it is not the place of Joe Biden to make that decision. Now we have a newly elected president and and we're going to wait and, and take the new commander in chief's direction on all of that. So I, I don't expect any Ukraine funding to come out. So Folks, the the time why I am giving the historical perspective, why I'm calling Don Bacon out, as well as someone who claims to want to be bipartisan and Democrats to work by.

(17m 45s):
These are areas where there could be matters of agreement. We need to understand the historical context. We also need to understand obviously what it is Putin is doing with his nuclear blackmail of Trump, because Trump's already destroyed his negotiating position by saying that he was gonna get a deal done on day one, right? How do you commit to an unrealistic timeframe in a negotiation like that? It's negotiation 1 0 1, the worst thing you can do. So how is Putin taking advantage of it? Nuclear blackmail leading to day one, and then put maximum pressure on Donald Trump, essentially threaten another Cuban missile crisis type scenario by cutting this deal with Lucas Shanko, and then when he meets with Donald Trump sticking the screws through Donald Trump and saying, now what?

(18m 33s):
Now what you gonna do? That's what's happening. I want you to be aware of it. I hope you appreciate the deeper context of these videos that we're giving, historical context. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Go to midas plus.com as well. Check out our coverage there and hit subscribe here. Thanks. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.

(19m 5s):
Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.