
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem Call one 800 GAMBLER


Asia as a whole is furious at the United States and kind of mocking the US as well. And I think they're just really pissed at what the United States has become under Donald Trump. And let, let, let's just take a look for example in Japan where Prime Minister Ishiba is saying that, look, I, I know that Donald Trump's saying all these things out here, but we're not going to forego Japan's interest just to do some quick trade deal that Donald Trump can make social media posts about. He goes, look, if there's progress before I meet, that's, that's good. But what's important is to achieve an agreement that's beneficial to both Japan and the us. We're not going to compromise Japan's interest just because the US wants to make a quick deal.


So you have that going on there. Then you have in China, Donald Trump is claiming that he's now done another deal, but it's not a deal that, it's actually a framework regarding a consensus that was reached on May 12th, which was really just the United States caving and moving the tariffs from 145% against China to 35%, but it's really 55%. And then China set a deadline on the United States. Just think, just think about this as part of this consensus. China sets the deadline a six month limit on its ease of rare earth export licenses for rare earth minerals.


So Trump's idea of a good deal is that we were getting rare earth minerals from China and we were having a trade relationship with them before Donald Trump declared a trade war against the world. And now Donald Trump's taxing Americans 55% in the forms of tariffs against China, China's tariff and its own people only 10%. And now we have a six month time limitation on rare earth minerals coming into the US that was coming in before. So it's not a shocker that the US image is declining in many nations, especially in Asia. If you look at the latest Pew research poll, for example in Japan, low to zero confidence of the United States, 61% of the population with Donald Trump leading the US have a low to no confidence of the US and South Korea, it's even higher.


67% have low to zero confidence. You have op-eds like this in Politico and I saw one in the Wall Street Journal as well in Wall Street Journal. It was, Trump has no China strategy in Politico. It was Trump's latest trade deal with China underscores key US disadvantage. Then meanwhile you have Trump's commerce secretary, Howard Lutnick going on and bragging about having KFC with the Chinese here play this clip. But I want you to know for lunch, for lunch, we had British pizza and they ordered Kentucky fried chicken. Ooh. So, so Mr. Secretary, you, you, after Spending, let's bring in Rahm Emanuel, former ambassador to Japan, former chief of staff to former President Obama as the former ambassador to Japan.


You must have a lot of thoughts about this. I want to pick your brain on that. Then I want to go talk about the larger trade war situation that's taken place in your views. You and I spoke about two months ago on this topic. So it's a good time for an update. Yeah, so let's do economics Asia and let's do national Security Asia because I think there's something important and they, because I can just tell you from Ja my time in Japan, those two weave in and out of each other through the process. Three things that have caught my atten. Four things caught my attention on the national security front. A couple months ago China did an op exercise, live ammunition exercise off of Sydney for the first time ever.


And that close to Sydney to the point that it impacted civil aviation. And that was a message sent second, just the other day near Japan, they came within I think 300 feet in an aviation with their jet versus a C one 30 that Japan was flying in a way that Japan had not seen and had done certain things around the sankaku islands, both countries claim, but also had an something that had not been seen before. Also in the South China Sea, VV, the Philippines and the Spratley Islands. China had a much more aggressive posture and Secretary of defense, hegseth was in Singapore at the Shangrila Defense and Security Conference.


And he gives an entire speech in which he doesn't really mention Korea. Kind of reminds you of Dean Atchison absence of mentioning Korea. And there is some open discussion in that area about America pulling some troops outta Korea. And then lastly, United States is reviewing the agreement we have between Great Britain, Australia and the United States on some on submarine production it was called. It's called August. And you look at all of these events, call it in a 60 day period, you have a much more aggressive China and a much more retreating, unsure America, which is destabilizing the confidence of an Australia, a South Korea, a Japan or a Philippines or traditional all allies and not just allies.


How America projects deterrence in the region. Split screen that's on the left side, on the right side of the screen. Economics one word caught me in what the Japanese, who are the largest buyers of American bonds by a foreign government, the largest investor in the United States, four consecutive years of which nearly half of their investments are in manufacturing and in industrial. They said we're not gonna do a quick deal. And the key word not deal, the key word there is quick, every foreign government, now Japan and China also know that the president is desperate for quick deal, just a press release.


Don't care what the substance is. It's an announcement just as the president just showed with China. And everybody understands now on the quote unquote tariffs. All you have to do is be patient because the president is impulsive and all he cares about is a press release, doesn't really care what's in the press release. Doesn't care whether America wins or loses just as long as he looks like a winner. And so they have his number and they know how to use his desire for a quick hit to their advantage and our disadvantage. And that's gonna be a problem on a whole host of fronts and already is.


And I think you saw this as you said in the tariff discussion with China, we kind of, we don't really have an, we don't have a trade deal. This idea there's a deal. We don't have a what has we have a problem economically with China. They always practice economic coercion. And they're doing it on critical minerals now against the United States just like they did in 2010 against Japan. Two, they're aggressively involved in intellectual property set and stealing of ideas. That's you saw with Google on around AI about a year ago. They in involve, they involve themselves with economic espionage and their aggressive mes using their very little domestic demand, massive MA manufacturing, underwriting cheap exports so they could destroy another country's steel or another country's autos or another country's tech, you know, toy business, garment industry, et cetera.


And all that is in place. President's done nothing. And he, because of his impulsiveness, and he said it in his own little tweet that this will be decided between Xi and I we're gonna agree to it. He wanted to look like a strong man in his desire to curry favor with Xi. And they're laughing all the way in Beijing. We didn't get, we didn't get anything on economic coercion. We're gonna be, continue to be a victim of it. 'cause China said, Uhuh, we're not giving you critical minerals. We're gonna do it every six months. Magnets two, we've had no impact on their intellectual property theft, no impact on their mercantilism, no impact on their economic espionage.


And all our allies are watching how China, in my view, cleaned our clo. And there was a story today, and I'll just stop here, where everybody who's applying to get these now magnets outta China are saying they're asking incredibly detailed reports as you submit your application about who the end user is, how you using 'em, what do you want? And that's another form of economic espionage. And it's all left in place. These guys are the worst negotiators. 'cause all they wanted to produce was a press release, not an economic plan. To your point also because he wants to project being a strong man while actually also being very weak and and damaging Yeah.


To this country here on the domestic front. And we've seen over the past week what many thought was unthinkable. And I want to get your thoughts on it, with Trump Federalizing, the National Guard calling the Marines as well, by the way, not paying the National Guard, not activating their healthcare. 'cause once again, he did it in such a mess. We learned that from military.com, they're sleeping on the floor, they're guarding a federal building. The chief of LA or the Yeah, the a PD chief and the LA Sheriff's Department are saying, we don't even know why they're here or, or really what they're even doing. We have to shift our resources basically to, to watch them now.


So you have that taking place, by the way, more troops now in Los Angeles than in Iraq and Syria and probably a lot of other countries abroad. And then you have this dictator parade that Donald Trump is holding for himself this weekend on the 250th anniversary of the army making it about himself. I know you must have strong thoughts about all of it. Yeah, so let me start on the back end. I'm, I think it's very telling and really wrong on so many levels here you have the 250 year anniversary of the United States Army General, Washington General Grant, general Eisenhower, just to name three who became presidents, Omar Bradley Patton.


And I'm leaving many, many others out that with, but you get the point. And rather making it about those individuals and everybody who makes up that 250 year family of service to the country, to the constitution, and to the ideals of the United States. Donald Trump's decided to make it about the most important person in his view, Donald Trump. He has, he's literally sabotaged this, this anniversary where America could remember what an, what the army has served not only about serving your country, but serving its ideals.


And I think it's telling on also the anniversary, although it's a different branch of the armed forces with the Marines that you, he is also breaking precedent by using the armed forces on American soil. And so I think it's that last point is incredibly telling that Donald Trump's ego, rather than being selfless as the president of the United States and the commander in chief holding up the army and what it has done through generation to generation to generation, chapter after chapter of American history in, in service of something bigger.


He's made it about himself. And to me that tells you the story of Donald Trump. But it doesn't tell you the story of America. And that story still has to be told and reminded. Second, I think what's going on, I have like a hundred things about la you know, you're not one, I'll just start in the back end. You're not gonna solve the issue or the challenge of immigration on the streets of Los Angeles, Chicago, Spokane, Washington or Seattle or New York. You're gonna solve it in the halls of Congress. And the one thing the president has refused to do is engage Congress on how to resolve this.


Now, 1988, Ronald Reagan signs immigration by the time Bill Clinton comes along, also a little Bush 41. But every president since Bill Clinton has tried to figure out, because immigration has changed, how to handle both being true to the fact that America's a nation of laws and am America's a nation of immigrants. Those are the guiding principles. Bill Clinton deported criminal immigrants or immigrants with criminal records. We as somebody, as a point person, we had Operation Gatekeeper in San Diego, operation Safeguard in Na Galas, Arizona of how to strengthen the border.


George Bush had his own manifestations. President Obama created DACA for Dreamers, but he also was protested when he was seen as the deporter in chief at public events. He was protested. So he was tough also about illegal immigrants, et cetera. And everybody's tried to figure out how to manage through the fact that we don't have an immigration process around illegal and around legal. And the irony of this to me is, as a student of the politics around immigration reform, as somebody through my mayor, tenure chief of Staff Congress and down to President Clinton, senior advisor today, Democrats are much closer to Republicans on how to confront illegal immigration and the border than they have been in the last 15 years since Ted Kennedy and John McCain had a bipartisan bill in the Senate.


And truth be told, you can see it because Steve Bannon attacked Elon Musk about this, et cetera. There are strong elements, and even the president says this, we need to update our legal immigration. So they, the Republicans, if you may say, have moved closer to where I think there's a consensus on how to modernize our legal immigration and leadership would be the President calling everybody down and say, okay, here's the principles, let's go deal with this. And answers, what was the president do? They were in search of a confrontation. They wanted this confrontation in la And that's not this an immigration policy for the United States.


Both one that honors the FA fact that we're a nation of laws and we're a nation of immigrants is gonna be found in the halls of Congress. Presidents have contorted themselves trying to figure this out and never really getting legislation. Governors are doing it. You can see with Governor Abbott, you can see with Governor Newsom, you can see it like governor here. Pritzker Cities have contorted themselves with welcoming sanctuary cities type that everybody's trying to work around a broken system, fix it businesses today, I saw a story president said that he wants to deal, take kind of the foot off the gas because businesses are complaining that they can't find immigrants to do the work that they need them for. They have a labor problem.


Well, that was known before we did this in Los Angeles. And you know, and I'll just say in Los Angeles, you have a protesting in America, history is patriotic. Provocation violence is not, you should be arrested and the law will follow, find you and prosecute for that. But a government has a, also has a responsibility. And that is to protect speech and not to provoke the idea that we're calling out Marines and the National Guard in ways that not only precedent, the court will decide at least as the National Guard, whether it's illegal, is insane when it's not about ruling engaged Congress and it's about governing something he's never done.


This can't be done by executive order. We've talked about the foreign, we've talked about the domestic in the present. Now let's talk about where we go. What's, what's your plan? How, how do you see we address this? How do you see Is is the, what's the, you say What's the vision for the future? When you say this, you mean immigration or in large where America is and et cetera? Oh, In large part where we are today, you know, both foreign policy, domestic and where we go more broadly. Well, let me just start on a kind of a look in the take away from this moment, but step back and take a wider lens view.


Our politics becomes unstable and exactly around the same moment, the mech American dream becomes unaffordable. They're interlocked. And when exactly, when the public both not only loses confidence that they can acce, have access to the American dream, but that the system is rigged. All they want is a shot at the American dream. They want their children to have a shot at the American dream. Owning a home, saving for your retirement, your kids' education and act ability to afford your healthcare. The system and the public's right about this is rigged.


My kids are gonna be fine, but that's not how you score this. That's not how we keep score. Whether your kids or my kids are gonna be fine. That's whether the American dream is open to the American people, not open to a segment of the American people. And it's crazy, the ability to get a home, first time home buyers. You have people that were at the presidents of inaugural. I would put myself, I wasn't at the inaugural. I have Amy and I have more than one home, but we have people in America that can't get access and afford a single home. That's crazy. The system's not written like that. I grew up in a home, my dad was a doctor, my mother was a nurse. When you said a second medical opinion, it was another healthcare professional was a, some insurance bureaucrat that tell you, you can't have that procedure, you can't have that medication that you have to go to bankruptcy for.


That this is, and people using their 401k to backstop their paycheck rather than save for their retirement. And this is crazy. So to me, the American dream is unaffordable. It's inaccessible to the American people. And that's unacceptable to me. And you're gonna work like a dog to solve that. And that means if you work for a living, you're gonna finally have a government that works for you. That's our ledge. Second, I'm passionate about this, but that education and I've kinda laid out, I, you know, you can't, if you, I don't mean to get theoretical or historical. Every great period of American growth is anchored by education.


Every period making high school universal. You can see the growth in American economy, the GI Bill, growth in American economy. I mean land grant colleges on their Lincoln growth, every great period of economic expansion in, he is anchored by making education more universal, more acceptable. We have a crisis in this country. We have a 30 year low in reading scores, 30 year low in math scores. COVID was devastating, horrible what was happened and permitted to happen by adults. I have laid out what I think what I call art attendance for a, we have what used to be single digits, three, four or 5% absentees over a year.


Kids are now running 18, 19 to 20%, which have a national standard. If your, if your absence is greater than 5%, you can't go to the next grade. We need to reestablish the standard B in school. Not at all. That's a R. Reading Mississippi, there's thing called the Mississippi Miracle. They just went back to the basics. More time on reading back to the basics of how to do it. None of this new kind of stuff that got, got everybody sidetracked and Mississippi's showing incredible gains in reading, starting in 2010. And among the most difficult communities, poor kids, black males that are showing incredible growth, surpassing national numbers.


And then T for truth, which is B, go back to testing and letting parents and schools know how those kids are doing in reading math, et cetera, against national standards standard. Not educating to the test, but having data so you know where you are and what you have to do to improve art, attendance, reading truth. And that to me would recalibrate now education back to the fundamentals. And then third, I would say overseas, the United States needs to modernize its relationship with its allies and friends.


You're not gonna confront Russia, China, Iran without allies and more importantly just allies. Allies picking their weight with a clear path to the strategy and the relationship between both security, defense spending and diplomacy. And America I, I still believe is an essential is country that others want to follow, be partnered with, et cetera. And then when I think both about my experience in both the Middle East, but also in Asia, you're not gonna deter China from California.


You're gonna deter it because not only are resources in Japan, which is the largest military footprint the United States has overseas, or Korea or Australia, you're gonna deter it because of our forces anchored with other countries forces that wanna be a part of it. And that has a deterrent level, as does the diplomatic efforts we do in the economic coordination. And to me, that's kind of how I view it. And if we strengthen ourselves at home, we will be incredibly strong abroad. It's one of the things, you know, I say from my time in Japan, I learned a lot about Japan, learned a lot about the Indo-Pacific.


But being away from America, I learned a lot about what's special about our country and how many other countries and Publix see America as their benchmark and B, wanna be associated with it. And that is an incredible resource to draw. I think that's what makes this time also very challenging when you see America, which used to be the benchmark being viewed differently. But Ram, I want you to come back. I want to talk about, I'm sure there's gonna be a lot of developments coming up every single day. We love having you on. Thank you so much once again. Oh, thank you Everybody. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers this week By merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more all at store.


Do Midas touch.com.