
Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions. Apply. See terms and conditions at k lm com.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Magar Republican leaders in red states are starting to get more vocal about how Donald Trump's policies are hurting their states. Yep. Trump's policies are not only hurting blue states, they're also hurting red states, where former President Biden's policies we're actually contributing a lot to the economies of these red states. And we're hearing from some magar Republican leaders who you might find somewhat unexpected. For example, Magar Republican Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky Magar, Republican Senator Tillis. Let's hear what they have to say. Let's play it. Almost every industry in Kentucky has come to me and said it will hurt our industry and push up prices of homes, cars.


And so I'm gonna continue to argue against tariffs. Should you back off of it? If it, if it goes, if it starts to hurt constituents when we Start losing you back off, you know, there's such a thing as strategic retreat. At the end of the day, I think we have more leverage than any other nation, but we gotta be smart and we don't have all the leverage. Next up, I wanna show you Magar, Republican Senator Kennedy of Louisiana saying, look, Trump promised to bring down prices and what he's doing with these tariffs, it's seems to be causing inflation. Here. Play this clip. How do you, how do you read it? Senator Kennedy, you happy with it? Does it need improvement? And where I, I think President Trump on economics and otherwise is doing very well.


But, but you remember the old saying, the danger of rising high is that the air gets thin. I'm worried about the tariffs. Yep. I, I'm, I'm not saying that tariffs are going to cause inflation. President Trump did 'em in his first term and they didn't. I'm saying that we just don't know. We're in very obscure territory. We're in uncharted waters. I think if the tariffs do start to cause inflation, I, I, I think the president will, will, will, will back away from them. And, and, and I'm not saying that I don't trust President Trump, but, but you know, there's a, there's another saying, you know, trust in God, but tie up your camel.


You know, I mean, I I mean if, if, If this, if this stuff, if this starts causing inflation, we're gonna have to recalibrate because I'm telling you, I'm not saying the border isn't important and Ukraine and the Middle East and, and culture wars and, and the Academy Awards and super, the Super Bowl, all those things are important. But the single most important thing, the things that moms and dads worry about when they lie down to sleep at camp at night and camp, and the thing they expect the president to fix is high prices. And we can do it, but we've gotta start. We have started, but we've gotta go full speed ahead beginning Now.


Yes, sir. Senator Kennedy, If you ask me your on message, I appreciate you coming back on. I wanna share this with you. This is from the Kentucky Distillers Association, and here they're talking about how Kentucky Bourbon is getting hit. Hard. You know, Canada is not only, or not only put on retaliatory reciprocal tariffs, Canada also has a boycott of all things American. If you look at some of the provinces, they've been removing all of the American booze from their shelves as well. And also, Canadians in general are not buying American. Here's from the, here's what the Kentucky Distillers Associations president put out.


Kentucky Bourbon is a great American success story. Distilling is a $9 billion signature industry in the Commonwealth, responsible for more than 23,000 jobs and $2.2 billion in salaries and benefits. Unfortunately, the return of retaliatory tariffs on American whiskey will have a far reaching consequences across Kentucky home to 95% of the world's bourbon. That means hardworking Americans, corn farmers, truckers, distillery workers, barrel makers, bartenders, servers, and the communities and businesses built around Kentucky. Bourbon will suffer as a distinctive product of the United States.


Bourbon cannot be made anywhere else in the world. It truly is America's only native spirit. Bourbon jobs are American jobs and we grow bourbon jobs by opening markets across the globe. Retaliatory measures against bourbon harm these markets and jeopardize growth for years to come, including unjust and disproportionate removal of American spirits from retail shelves and prohibition on new purchases of alcohol from American companies. Kentucky Bourbon brings people together and we hope it can be a uniting force in this situation. In the meantime, the Kentucky Distillers Association will continue to remind leaders of the far reaching impact of our signature spirit and our concern for the loss of American jobs.


It should be noted that the KDA, the Kentucky Distillers Association gave a lot of money to the Republican Party. You can see it right there. And by the way, they are still too cowardly to call out Donald Trump by name. It's not hypothetical leaders who are doing it to you. It's Donald Trump's chaos. Donald Trump's grievances and grudges and his decision to unilaterally start attacking our allies that is doing this to you. So why don't you step up and actually call out who's doing this to you, because it's not some amorphous hypothetical leadership entity.


It's Donald Trump. Jack Daniels makers are also saying that the fact that the Canadians are boycotting American products and American booze and taking American booze off the shelf, in many ways, that's even worse than Canada's reciprocal tariff. The CEO Lawson whining calls Canada's move a disproportionate response to levies imposed by the Trump administration. Seriously, Jack Danell, you're whining about Canada responding to the fact that Donald Trump essentially declared war on their country. Canada didn't decide to impose tariffs.


Donald Trump and his regime decided to impose those tariffs. Canada didn't start talking about annexation. Donald Trump talks about making Canada the 51st state, calling their prime minister a governor, consistently threatening Canada over and over again. That's why Canada responded the way it did. And you're lucky Canada's not responding even stronger than it is quite frankly. And millions of Americans support what Canada's doing, including me right now, because we are disgusted by what the Trump regime is doing. By the way, take a look at some of these Wall Street bankers who were very supportive of Donald Trump.


We're now seeing headlines like this. The recession trade is back on Wall Street Bank stocks and the Russell 2000 have slumped on growth concerns while treasuries and gold have rallied. Wall Street is having another growth scare. Investors entered 2025 optimistic that an already strong US economy can get an extra boost from an administration pushing market friendly tax cuts and regulatory rollbacks instead. Trade tension and signs of slowing growth have driven major indexes lower in recent weeks. It goes on to say the declines accelerated this week as Trump imposed 25% tariffs on Canadian and Mexican imports.


They continued Thursday even after the White House paused tariffs on a large portion of those imports until April 2nd with investors still uneasy about the broad direction of US trade policy. You think since February losses in the markets have been particularly acute in sectors that investors view as sensitive to a slowdown such as banks and smaller companies. The tech heavy NASDAQ composite has fallen around 10% from its recent peak Oil prices have slipped havens, including gold and US treasuries Meanwhile have rallied quote, I think a lot of people were just assuming the tariffs were just a bluff and now there's more uncertainty around.


That said, Keith Lerner, co-Chief Investment Officer at Truist Advisory Services, the move show investors struggling to gauge of the conditions underpinning two straight years of near 25%. Stock gains have deteriorated significantly. Let me answer the question. The answer is yes. And by the way, the International Chamber of Commerce a right-leaning think tank. Usually tariff war risks sinking the world into new Great Depression. The ICC, the Chamber of Commerce warrants, the World Economy could face a crash similar to the Great Depression of the 1930s. You think maybe if they're doing the exact same things, that's what's causing it.


But look, folks, commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick, he's got a plan and his plan is just to say that Donald Trump is doing it hard. He's hitting him hard. You gotta love how hard he does it here. Play this clip And and Donald Trump is gonna stand up for American families and he is going to do it hard and he's going to do it strong. And that's why we love him as our president. Well,


And do you know if Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US? With thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers? They have all the plants your yard needs, like fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs and so much more. Whatever plants you're interested in, Fast Growing Trees has you covered. Find the perfect fit for your climate and space. Fast Growing Trees makes it easy to get your dream yard order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days without ever leaving home. They're alive and thrive guarantee ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape, choose the right plants, and learn how to care for them. I got a lemon tree from Fast Growing Trees and it's my favorite thing in my yard. I was worried about ordering plants online, but it arrived fresh, strong, and ready to plant. Plus, now I get to just walk outside and pick my own citrus. Not to mention, it smells amazing every time I go out. And by the way, big yard, small yard, no yard at all. Doesn't matter. Fast Growing Trees has over 6,000 plants to fit any space. From indoor plants to fruit trees, to full-size privacy trees and more Fast Growing Trees has plant experts on calls. So if you're like me and don't have a green thumb, they'll help you choose the right plant and keep it thriving. This spring, they have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to our show, get 15% off their first purchase when using the code Midas at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at Fast Growing Trees dot com. Using the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout Fast Growing Trees dot com code Midas Now is the perfect time to plant. Use Midas to save today. Offer valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply.


Well All of that's taking place. Donald Trump gave that whatever you want, a speech at the joints before a joint session of Congress. And here Donald Trump talks about you need to get rid of the CHIPS Act MAGA Mike, get rid of that CHIPS act to your play. This clip Very amazing. You should get rid of the CHIP Act and whatever's left over Mr. Speaker, you should use it to reduce debt or any other reason you want to. Okay? Get rid of the CHIPS Act. The act that invested over $50 billion in America, bringing the semiconductor industry back to America in red states and blue states.


You're gonna cause the loss of hundreds of thousands, if not millions of jobs made possible by the CHIPS Act. As former President Biden had previously written, the Chips and Science Act invests $52 billion to supercharge our efforts to make semiconductors here in America. Our actions have attracted hundreds of billions of dollars in private sector investments across the country. It is a game changer. I'm gonna show you this clip right now and I think you're gonna get a little emotional when I show it to you. Here was a speech by former President Biden when he was saying how strong our economy was, talking about his accomplishments and warning what Trump and MAGA was going to do with the CHIPS Act play.


This clip Ignited a manufacturing boom, A clean energy boom, a semiconductor boom nationwide. And it's clear we have the strongest economy in the world. And that's a fact. 15 million new jobs created in three and a half years. Unemployment has hasn't been this low for this long, for 50 years, wages are rising instead of importing foreign products, we're exporting and exporting American jobs. We're exporting American products and creating American jobs here in America where they belong. But folks, my predecessor and his MAGA Republican friends have very different view.


They oppose the Chips and Science Act that's powering this growth today. In fact, your congressman, Brandon Williams called it Corporate welfare. Bless me, father. Well, there you have it folks. I told you you were getting it a little emotional when I showed you that. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers together. Thank you. Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Hey, I am Ryan Reynolds. Recently I asked Mint Mobile's legal team if big wireless companies are allowed to raise prices due to inflation. They said yes. And then when I asked if raising prices technically violates those onerous to your contracts, they said, what the are you talking about you? Insane Hollywood. So to recap, we're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at mit mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extras beats lower above 40 gigabytes. Details.