
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


If you've heard that sound from Babbel before, I bet you do. Babel is the Science Back Language Learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee. Just start speaking another language with babble right now, up to 55% off your Babbel subscription at Babbel dot com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


Well, here's some instant karma, the Republican governor of Georgia who said that he was supporting Donald Trump in the 2024 election for business reasons. He thinks Trump would be good for business. Of course, I'm talking about Brian Kemp. Well, he just got handed some instant karma when the Trump administration denied necessary FEMA aid to Georgia that former President Biden was providing to the state of Georgia. Let me just show you the letter that Brian Kemp received from Donald Trump's FEMA as Trump's trying to gut fema. And I want to show you some videos where previously Brian Kemp talked about how former President Biden was giving him everything he needed regarding Hurricane Helene and any other disaster which Donald Trump did not do in 2020, I might add.


And then Donald Trump was lying about it and saying Biden was not giving the aid, and Biden was being rude to Georgia and he was portraying the people of Georgia. Meanwhile, Trump's first act was to literally give the middle finger to the people of Georgia. And you see over and over again these Republican governors because of their spineless nature, destroy their own states because of what mean tweets by Donald Trump mean truth Social posts by Donald Trump. It's so pathetic. Let's go through the facts, detail by detail here. This is from fema in response to the request by Governor Kemp. This is in response to your January 24th, 2025 request for an extension to the cost share waiver under major disaster FEMA dash 4 83 oh dash DR.


That was declared on September 30th, 2024 due to Hurricane Helene. So it's an extension of what Biden agreed to immediately. You specifically requested an extension of the 100% federal cost share for debris removal and emergency protective measures, including direct federal assistance to 180 days. And you reiterated your request for an increase in the federal cost share for permanent work to 90%. Based on our review of all of the information available, it has been determined that the increased level of funding you have requested for major disaster FEMA dash 4 83 oh dash DR is not warranted.


Therefore, I must inform you that your request for an extension of the period of 100% federal funding for debris removal and emergency protective measures, including direct federal assistance to 180 days is denied. It says FEMA will monitor the situation, but it is otherwise denied. Going back to what Brian Kemp said in 2024, look, you may not like Donald Trump personally, but you like his policies a lot better than Kamala Harris. Kemp said at the Republican gathering quote, it's a business decision. You're making a business decision. Okay, well, our economy was doing well under former President Biden and former Vice President Kamala Harris.


16.4 million jobs were created. They brought inflation caused by Trump, won administration under control, never a month where jobs were lost. Consumer sentiment was feeling better. We were talking about a Goldilocks economy, a soft landing with no recession. When every economist in 2021 predicted because of Donald Trump's conduct, there was going to be a recession and the stock market was up about 55 to 60%. Regardless, Brian Kemp and these Republicans, Donald Trump's policies were way better. He was destroying your state. Look, take a look back at November 21.


2023 days ask, after asking Trump for disaster aid to recover from a tropical storm in 2020, Republican governor Brian Kemp of Georgia enraged Trump by certifying the results of the election, Trump, who had been urging Kemp and Georgia Secretary of State, Brad Raff Asperger, to declare him the winner in Georgia, assailed the governor as a moron and a nut job after the certification, Trump sat on the disaster request for 55 days before finally approving it, but he waited 55 days that Kemp not remember that. How about this, this is from September 30th, 2024.


Donald Trump was lying that President Biden refused to talk to Georgia's Governor Kemp. And you see Franklin Graham and all of these people out there lying about the great results that FEMA was actually providing, and they were lying and saying that Biden was not giving aid. Of course, corporate media was not fact checking this, they just played it. But let me show you what Trump said. Play this clip. We, We do need some help from the federal government. They have to get together ideally with the governor, that governor needs to, he's been trying to get them and I'm sure they're gonna come through, but he's been calling the president hasn't been able to get him.


Okay? Now, contrast that on the same day to what Governor Kemp said, that Biden had given everything, everything he wanted. And notice this is from September 30th, 2024. This is, If you remember the letter that I showed you, governor Kemp was requesting an extension of what Biden provided for debris removal help from the federal government. And Donald Trump said, here's my middle finger, go f yourself to all of the people of Georgia play this clip. So I, I just spoke, the president just called me yesterday afternoon. I missed him and called him right back. And he just said, Hey, what do you need?


And I told him, you know, we we got what we need. We'll work through the federal process. He, he offered that if there's other things we need just to call him directly, which I appreciate that. But


Now you would think also If you are Governor Kemp, Donald Trump calling you all of these names, attacking you, attacking your family, attacking your wife, I don't know, maybe that would be a reason to say maybe I'm not gonna support that guy. But no, with these Republicans, they're, they like, they like love the abuse. It's very strange that none of them can stand up to this. And they put our country in this situation. Here is Donald Trump back in August of 2024 attacking Governor Kemp. I don't know. Now in Pennsylvania, I have great relationships in Georgia, I do too, but unfortunately not with the governor. I've never understood it. When you get somebody elected, they're supposed to like you. He's not exactly for some reason, and you'll have to ask him about that. Yeah, I'd love to see it get repaired. I think that if we don't win Georgia, Georgia is a big, is a big win, is a big state. So I won Alabama by a record. Nobody's ever gotten that many votes. I won South Carolina by a record. You don't win Alabama and South Carolina by records and lose Georgia. It doesn't happen. And the people of Georgia understand that there was tremendous anxiety and problems in Georgia. A lot of people say what happened? And we have to, all we want is honest elections. If we have honest elections in Georgia, we have honest elections in Pennsylvania, we're gonna win 'em by a lot. And Then can you just, now I'm gonna show you more on Governor Kemp in just a moment. I wanna let you know though, a question that I get a, about a question I get asked a lot, which is, Ben, how do you do the research for these videos? Like how do you clip it and how do you find it? Well, one of the resources I use, they sponsor the Midas Touch Network and they're called Ground News. And one of the things that they do, it's like for me having X-ray vision for news bias. So they post a story and then they show how are right wing media, how's right wing media covering it, how is Left wing media covering it? Who's covering what? And so I can kind of get a sense of how the different sides are focused on an issue. Are, are there blind spots? They actually have a section called Blind Spots. And this is one of the sections that I use to see, wait a minute. It seems that right wing media is 100% covering this issue. What's going on? Do we have a blind spot to the type of propaganda that is spreading out there? And I'll give you an example of a blind spot that I want to protect against. So one of the things that we've seen is that like every time James Carville gives a speech that it's being used by the right wing media to kind of attack opposition to Donald Trump. So a hundred percent of coverage of this story, James Carville acknowledges Trump's fast pace is posing challenges for Democrats. No one on the left is covering it. No one in the center's covering it. A hundred percent of the people on the right are covering it. And that helps in four B. Why do they keep using Carville statements over and over again? And look, there were things in the past that I liked that Carville said, but he keeps on kind of relentlessly attacking Democrats over and over again. And so I have to understand, is this useful? Is it harmful? How does it impact my coverage? And so, you know, we're subscribed to Ground News, you can check it out too. You should subscribe as well, especially if you're into research the way I am. You gotta go to Ground News slash MTN or scan the QR code. We're giving our viewers 40% off Ground News as top tier vantage plan, which will get you unlimited access to everything I've shown you. More Ground News is subscriber funded, so they don't rely on ads that could also introduce bias. Subscribing supports our channel and their independent team working to keep the media transparent. So it's Ground News slash mtn, check it out. And I love that blind spot feature. And it's cool that I used that research tool to do this video as well.


So you, you take a look at what Governor Kemp is talking about as well. So here's Governor Kemp interviewing with Kaitlyn Collins as well. This is April 23rd, 2024, where he talks about how Donald Trump should not be given absolute immunity for his crime. So Kemp is recognizing that Trump is engaged in criminality here, play this clip. Trump is making an argument right now that is in the hands of the Supreme Court where it goes that, that he has brought immunity from being president and that he can't be prosecuted for anything he did while he was in office. I wonder what you make of that claim. Well, listen, I I don't think anybody's above the law, you know, a democrat, a republican, an independent myself or or anybody else.


So that, that's my personal opinion. Do you think that those cases should go to trial before the election so voters can make a decision based off that? Well, listen, I think most voters probably feel the same way. I do. I mean, we're a country that was built on laws in the constitution and it's, it's, you know, up, up to us really is elected leaders to be the ones that e exemplify that in a lot of ways. So we'll see where the process plays out. I think probably they will be ruled on for the election, You know. But the wild thing is he could recognize Trump engaged in criminality. Trump can call him all of these names. Trump can deprive Georgia of all of the, of all of of aid that they desperately needed in 2020 during a tropical storm because Governor Kemp refused to break the law.


And Governor Kemp still supports Trump. And then Trump responds by cutting off the FEMA aid to the people of Georgia. And you know, I'll show you this as well, just, this is Trump October 4th, 2024. The lies just keep coming without fail at Governor Kemp's press conference in Evans, Georgia. So Kemp holds this press conference then Trump says the jobs report for September was bad. It was very good. He says the economy was bad. It isn't. He said the federal government isn't helping. While it is with hurricane relief continues to lie over and over again. Hat tip to Chris Burkowski for just writing that.


Here's Trump saying it here, play this clip. I'm not thinking about voters right now. I'm thinking about lives. And to be honest, it's much bigger than anything else. But we're thinking about lives, lot of lives lost a lot of people missing. And that's what I'd be focused on right now. President, you talk about the economy a lot out on the campaign, Charles, a very important issue to do with future voters as well. Jobs up the stock market hit that all time. Time. Do you acknowledge that the economy's Improved? No, it's not. It's inflation is devastated our economy, it's one of the big problems we have. And on jobs we have the, the illegals have taken more jobs than anybody else have illegals coming in and they're taking the jobs.


And when you look at the numbers from that standpoint, it's a shame. We have to get the jobs. So the people that have lived here for a long time, and they're great, great citizens of our country, but when you look at the job numbers, they just came out. And then you look at who's getting the jobs and it's been very unfortunate from that standpoint. You have illegal, you have the migrants, you're reading about it, and a lot of the money that was supposed to go to Georgia and supposed to go to North Carolina and all of the others is going and has gone already. It's been gone for people that came into the country illegally. And nobody's ever seen anything like that. That's a shame Question. Question five more time ago, as the White House just said that he's confident that there will be a fair election November, but he doesn't know If You agree.


I don't know anything about what he said. I only can hope that it's going to be free and fair and I think in this state it will be. And I hope in every state it will be. And I think we're gonna do very well. But right now we're focused on this. We're not focused on the election. Do Paris, basically, do you thank you for possibly in Georgia or do you think that the Well, I won it easily in 2016. We actually were very close last time and right now the recent poll came up, we're up seven. So I think we're pretty far up and we seem to be going up and she seems to be going down. So I hope we're gonna keep it that way. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much.


I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. We'll now look at what's going on. Households are bracing for another bump in inflation. Americans right now predict inflation will go to 4.3%. Over here we see inflation surging in Donald Trump's first month in office. And Trump's ask, so you know, your tariffs are likely gonna increase inflation, isn't it? Here, play this clip. They'll do it without tariffs and therefore prices won't go up. There could be some short-term disturbance, but long-term it's gonna, it's gonna make our country a fortune. So Americans should prepare for some short term pain. Probably. No, you said that. I didn't say that. You know, The crisis go up In that.


Let's see what happens. Nobody really knows what is gonna happen other Than, and so then a reporter says, well maybe you are. Are you gonna direct agencies to study if the tariffs are gonna be harmful or cause inflation? It's like, no, I'm not gonna do any of that here. Play this clip. Reciprocal tariffs. Would you also direct agencies to study the impact they would have on prices in the us? No, there's nothing to study. There's nothing to study. It's gonna go well. The United States is gonna become a very, very strong economic, economically country. Yeah. And folks, I can look, I could go state by state. I can look at how Donald Trump is harming Oklahoma as they're prioritizing buying his Bibles and other things, and screwing over Oklahoman's education.


You can talk about the Texas Vow School voucher program, which is just destroying the education system there. You can talk about in Alabama where there's a Republican governor, how the people in Alabama are getting screwed. I mean, university of Alabama is the number one employer. Their AIDS getting cut off by the Trump administration and a lot of social services. The red states led by Republican governors are the most dependent states on federal aid, where the blue states are the ones that contribute most to the federal government. So the states that are contributing to the federal government, Trump attacks them verbally, you know, with his theatrics and his immaturity.


But then he goes at, but then his policies are screwing in many ways, red states more than the blue states, although he's screwing all Americans, as you could see. Let me know what you think. Shout out to Ground News, our sponsor, check 'em out. The discount code and the description is in the, in the description below. The discount codes. In the description below. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Can't Get enough Midas, check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.