
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing, to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into Sign up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash special offer.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor's, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker. It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to warby parker.com. That's warby parker.com.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, and you could be next With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere, without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, mantis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


The midterms are getting closer than we think, and I think we have to really talk about how Democrats plan on flipping red congressional seats blue, how they plan on flipping red states and turning them blue. And we have to look at what's working across the country, and we do see things that are working. And so I think it's important we highlight people who are in these frontline districts who are winning. I wanna remind everybody about our reporting last week about the mayoral election in Omaha, Nebraska, where a Democrat, John Ewing Jr. Defeated the longest serving Republican mayor incumbent in the United States, and it was a 20 point shift from the prior election held in 2021.


So a 20 point shift where a Republican who had held that seat for 12 years, that mayoral seat for 12 years lost. I wanna remind you of what John Ewing Jr said when he, when he won here. Let's play this clip quickly Tonight. We embark on a new chapter. I am deeply honored and humbled to stand before you today as your mayor elect.


You know, one of the things in that election that I think was important is that the Republican candidate went full MAGA and was talking about all these culture war issues and bathrooms and, and, and just all of these things. And John Ewing Jr. Was talking about potholes and medicine and, and healthcare and things that really mattered, you know, to, to his constituents. You know, there was a debate over this, this, this horrible budget bill that the ma Republicans are trying to ram through. And, and this is a portion that kind of brings it home, where there was a, Congresswoman Fernandez wanted one of these maga Republican congress members, Adam Smith, to, to just read the legislation they were pushing through at 1:00 AM and they were sneaking in all of these provisions, like a way to do tax deductions or exemptions for tanning beds because, you know, they're all tanning themselves, you know, you know, orange over there while taking away hospital beds.


Th th this is an important moment that I think really resonates with voters. Let's play this clip So the, the American public knows what this bill does, one of the little things that it does. Would you please read page 9 0 1, line 20? I think it'd be better if you read it. Oh, he doesn't wanna read it. I, I've, I'll read it. I know the, well, actually, but I'm not gonna ranking Member Moore of little ranking member Moore show here. So you can read ranking. It was a question if we would read it. So I'll ask ranking member Moore to read the, the text. This is, this is in their bill. They don't wanna read a line from their own bill ranking member. I don't wanna read the bill for you. I help you out.


I am I am testifying about this legislation. I'm not going to read the bill to you. Okay. I am, I am. This is amazing. MSR Fernandez. Shall I pass this back or shall I read it for you? No, why don't you just read it? 1, 1 1 1 0 6 Repeal of excise tax on indoor tanning services. So they're gonna repeal, they're repealing an excise tax, oh God, on tanning beds. Hey, so if you have a tanning bed, you get a little bit of a tax break. And if you need a hospital bed in rural America, I'm sorry, you're outta luck.


Right? And I don't know where this particular provision came from. We do know that there are certain elected officials who appear to have a certain orange hue about them that maybe they wanna make sure that tanning beds get a little bit of special credit. But really, really, we are prioritizing tanning beds over hospital beds in rural America. So then we look to Oregon's fifth congressional district for, I think one of the best roadmaps of how Democrats can flip seats. There you had Lori Chavez Dreamer, a magar Republican, who's now the labor secretary who actually hates labor.


She's been a fraud her entire life, but she pretended that she was for labor. You had the now Democratic Congresswoman Janelle Bynum, who had ran against her before, but was really able to effectively point out in this past election that Lori Chavez Dreamer did not care about the constituents. And Congresswoman Bynum's always focused on hospital beds, healthcare, Medicaid, focusing on issues that people really talk about. And she won. Lori Chavez Remer lost Remer, then became the labor secretary, and then said that, admitted that she was against the pro act, against the major thing for labor.


So I want to bring in Democratic Congresswoman Bynum to again, talk us through, we've had Congresswoman Bynum on on before, but taking a few months back. What are you seeing now across the country? We're doing this interview late May-ish. What do you see in congresswoman? Well, we're seeing Democrats take the fight. I'm doing it both on the East coast and the West coast. So in DC we're making sure we're standing up for Oregonians and Americans, making sure we're protesting at the, in the well, making sure that we're bringing these issues of Medicaid, of pharmacies and drugs and making sure that we are talking about how we center children in our policy.


I'm someone that believes that Oregonians have told me they want to make sure they have the healthiest children, they have the brightest future that we're taking care of our seniors. I'm doing this on the East coast and the West coast. We've launched our Give Them Hell Tour, 10 stops all throughout the summer. We've already started and people are giving us the material to take back to dc You know, what I love about your approach to politics is that I don't really view it that much as politics. I, I view it as PI view it as people. And you highlight the stories of people in your district and across the country.


Who are the victims, who are the targets of this maga cruelty. Like Rose, a first grader who you highlighted recently, let's play this clip. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, this is Rose. She's seven years old in the first grade, and she makes friends everywhere she goes. Rose was diagnosed with an ultra rare genetic syndrome when she was just three and a half and now uses a feeding tube in a wheelchair. Medicaid allows rose to receive physical therapy, and thanks to this therapy, she's starting to take steps. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker, my Republican colleagues are working overtime to take rose's healthcare away.


It might be easy for people to strike through one number and write in another, take a little bit from here and there. But each of those numbers represents a person, a child like Rose, who will lose critical care. So billionaires can have more money in their pockets. We cannot let them steal from our kids and our families. We will not, Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker, I yield back And so congresswoman, when we talk about, you know, 1:00 AM and tanning beds over Medicaid, we're, we're talking about rows, aren't we? Yeah. You know, they're sacrificing rows and millions of roses for a trash budget that lines the pockets of billionaires.


And oh, by the way, doesn't even lower the deficit. Trash garbage in, garbage out doesn't even protect our children. And I just can't understand it. There's also some sort of disconnect. $5,000 if you have a kid without, without even thinking about what it takes to support our children. Making sure that every child in this country has a full belly when they get to school, making sure that our seniors are cared for when they need medical care. It's there at a rural hospital, making sure that our parents can care for their children, that they have good stable jobs, And that they're not going to have the wool ripped out from underneath them.


Like that is the essence of what we're fighting here. Trump and his cronies are gonna go down hard in the midterms guarantee. You know, your district is a purple district in Oregon. I mean, it was held by a Republican for, for many years, so you get just Two. We made sure of that, But you, but, but that means that people for those years went into the ballot box. They saw a D and an R and for whatever reason they, they, they click the R one for those years. And fortunately no more, No more. So, but there are people who, what are you hearing from those people though right now?


Who, who went in that direction? Republican, ostensibly. Republican voters. Purple voters. Voters. Well, here's, here's what people are telling me. Number one, they care about getting their social security benefits on time. And that wasn't a, a red issue or a blue issue. That was just a green issue. They wanna make sure that they can count on their government to deliver what it's supposed to, what it's supposed to and when it's supposed to. The issue with, you know, having the Republican candidate in this race was that she was lying to Oregonians about what her beliefs are and what she was going to defend. And we illuminated the fact that she wasn't really pro-labor.


She got to her nomination seat and started saying, oh no, I don't remember that. And that to me, that to me is the, the warning for Americans in the midterms that these people will lie, say that they're on your team and then when the rubber meets the road, they can't remember. That's the problem. Wolf and sheep's clothing trying to make you think that you're going to get X packaging. You get y and that's why this trash budget is so dangerous. That's why they're trying to do it in the middle of the night. That's why they're trying to rush it through in just a couple of days and hold everybody's time in their district hostage. That is why you attempt to push a trash budget through, because you know it's trash.


It always started out as trash. Always will be trash and will forever continue to be in history. Trash. Congresswoman Bynum, thanks as always for joining us. We're gonna be following the tour. Where, where are the next stops? Oh, we're going to Albany Lake. Oswego. We're going to bend. We are. We're going all over the district. Alright. We'll have ASIN from our team following those town halls. We'll get some clips out of it as well and I'm sure our audience wants to see that. Thank you Congressman from joining us today. Alright, thanks. I hope to see everybody on the Give Them Hell Tour. Oh, amazing. Everybody hit subscribe. Let's hit 5 million subscribers this month.


Can't get enough Midas. Plus, check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.