
Running a business comes with a lot of what ifs, but luckily there's a simple answer to them. Shopify. It's the commerce platform behind millions of businesses, including Thrive Cosmetics and Momofuku. And it'll help you with everything you need from website design and marketing to boosting sales and expanding operations. Shopify can get the job done and make your dream a reality. Turn those what ifs into sign up for your $1 per month trial at shopify.com/special offer.


This podcast is supported by Progressive, a leader in RV insurance. RVs are for sharing adventures with family, friends, and even your pets. So if you bring your cats and dogs along for the ride, you'll want progressive RV insurance. They protect your cats and dogs like family by offering up to $1,000 in optional coverage for vet bills in case of an RV accident, making it a great companion for the responsible pet owner who loves to travel, see progressive's other benefits and more when you quote RV insurance@progressive.com Today. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Pet injury is an additional coverage and subject to policy terms.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff, even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spent $5 to get 200 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's number one sports book, 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Donald Trump can't hide his dark past from coming to light yet again, but he sure is trying. Right after Elon Musk was making post after post about Trump, including saying, time to drop the really big bomb at real, Donald Trump is in the Epstein files. That is the real reason why they have not been made public. Have a nice day, DJT Mark this post for the future. The truth will come out. It was just notable that Trump was pretty silent. I mean, Elon Musk accusing Donald Trump of covering up sex trafficking by using the Department of Justice to deep six the files.


Y'all recall that Democratic Congress member Dan Goldman, had been calling out the Department of Justice an a scathing letter about a month back saying, we have deep concerns that you're covering this up. And Elon Musk, who was right there with Donald Trump every step of the way, was like, yeah, he's covering this up, that that's what he's doing. And, and all Donald Trump has offered. I mean, isn't this telling all Donald Trump has said is, you know, I'm not even thinking about it. Elon's got a problem. The poor guy's got a problem. And that says Elon Musk is posting this video. This is a video that Elon Musk posted here, play this clip. We're gonna get great Ratings in your show. Trump is surrounded by women as music in the background.


After a while, Trump goes to greet three new guests, among them, the financier Jeffrey Epstein in Georgia, more than a decade before his guilty plea on state prostitution charges. Later in the footage Trump is seen talking to Epstein and another man as women are dancing in front of them, Trump alternates between dancing and pointing out women to Epstein and the other men and telling Epstein about the cameras, though exactly what they say is difficult to understand as they discuss the women and their appearances, Trump gestures to one and appears to say to Epstein, look at her back there, she's hot.


And then Trump says something else into Epstein's ear that makes him double over with laughter. But as the President says now, he never liked Epstein. I was not a, So Elon Musk posted that, let me just give you all some facts as well. Donald Trump is in Jeffrey Epstein's flight log at least seven times from the flight log portions that had been released in prior court proceedings, Trump's name all over the deposition, transcripts in court cases that had been released. Victims of Epstein saying things like Jeffrey said, great, let's call up Trump. We'll go to Trump's casino. In the Ghislaine Maxwell case, a woman who was 14 years old at the time said that Epstein and Ghislaine introduced her to Donald Trump.


Donald Trump's been spotted in Epstein's personal address book that's been released in another court case. Trump was identified as do 1 74. And you know, wasn't it what, three months ago when Pam Bondy said she had the files on her desk and that she was gonna release him. Here's what she said, like three months ago, let's play it the DOJ maybe releasing the list of Jeffrey Epstein's clients. Will that really happen? It's sitting on my desk right now to review. That's been a directive by President Trump. I'm reviewing that. I'm reviewing JFK files, MLK files. That's all in the process of being reviewed because that was done at the directive of the president. Not yet.


I was briefed on that yesterday. I I can't talk about that, that publicly. But, you know, president Trump has given a very strong directive and that's gonna be followed. Wow. Okay. So A lot of documents. Yeah. Okay. All right. So people can expect actual movement on this. It's not just empty promises. Oh, Donald Trump doesn't make empty promise. Yeah, right. I think, I think, I think promises made, promises cash. Donald Trump doesn't make empty promise. The guy's the biggest liar about everything. And then finally, I'll show you this one, May 28th, 2025. This is what Cash Patel said on Fox when he was asked, where, where are the files? It's three months have passed here. Playlist clip. The Other thing on the internet is the Epstein files. What's the answer to that? The answer to that is the same as everything else.


I'm not going to withhold information from the American public ever, but I'm also not going to rush to get it out there in a format in which they can't rely on it. So on the Epstein matter or any other matters, we are diligently working on that. And it takes time to go through years of investigations, years of political maneuvering in years of coverup to get the American people what they deserve. And that's what I'm gonna give them on everything. Yeah. You know, when Cash Patel was in his prior job as a right wing podcaster, he said that it could be released within a day. And he was also one of the individuals who constantly talked about Epstein, Epstein, Epstein, the FBI's covering up, well release in a day.


Let's bring in Democratic Congress member Dan Goldman, who about a month ago we had John, you sent that letter calling out Pam Bondy. What, what are you seeing? What's your response to all of this? Well, the suspicions seem to be confirmed by someone who should know. Elon Musk has been right by Donald Trump's side for the last almost year now, including on the campaign. And like, you know, a bad breakup or from my former life as a pro prosecutor, when close associates cooperate against each other, it gets really nasty and they have deep, dark secrets. And that's clearly what Elon Musk was doing as he was blowing up yesterday.


And it con he confirmed exactly what my letter suspected, which is that there was this mad rush who played some great clips of Pam Bondi and Cash Patel, and everyone, you know, on the Mago Wright desperate to have those files released. They were on track to be released, and then there was radio silence. And the question was always, well, what happened? You were so gung ho about releasing 'em. You said you were gonna do it within a matter of days back in February. I, we, we knew that FBI agents had been tasked to review the all of the files to make sure no victims are identities or names are revealed.


And now we get confirmation from Elon Musk that yes, the suspicion was accurate, the suspicion is confirmed that the reason why Pam Bondy is not releasing the Epstein files is because Donald Trump is in them. And forget about what Donald Trump says, we can follow up on what his actions are. That's where we have to pay attention. And the fact that these have been concealed for so long, it gave a rise to the suspicion that has now been confirmed. Know now that Elon is no longer a special advisor to Donald Trump. You know, the, the same types of arguments they were trying to make, I think, to shield him from subpoenas and things like that, executive privileges and things like that.


Does that go away? So ostensibly, if the, the Republicans unfortunately, are still in control of the house and they hold subpoena power, but they can't hide behind the executive privilege anymore, I don't think. I mean that Elon's now a private citizen and Elon's posting these things, which if anything to me would be some sort of waiver. If, if the Republicans wanted to get to the bottom of this, I know you want to get to the bottom of it, but they, they control the subpoena power. Could they right now? Oh, they absolutely could. Of course, they could get to the bottom of everything, and they have very intentionally and willfully avoided any kind of oversight over the incredible lawlessness in this administration.


But what is interesting is that there are a number of congressional Republicans who have been very aggressively pushing for the Epstein files to be released. And think about this just for a second, Ben, you, you outlined a lot of public information that is out there already about Donald Trump's interactions, associations with Jeffrey Epstein. So it's not as if this, it would be a surprise that Donald Trump had some relationship with Jeffrey Epstein, and it probably wouldn't be worth concealing that. So to me, you know, my spidey ears go up a little bit because it's, I wonder what is in there that would make Donald Trump so intent on keeping it covered up that is different from everything that's already out there.


And so it really raises the question as to whether Donald Trump had some involvement in Jeffrey Epstein's sex trafficking conspiracy, whether it be either some sort of criminal involvement or some involvement with the underage women. And those are questions that I think the American people really should know about the President of the United States. And if he is directing his Attorney general to conceal information from the American people because it's politically harmful to him, that is an abuse of power and it is completely improper. And so I expect that those Republicans who've been so gung ho about getting the Epstein files should still want them.


I just wanna pivot for a moment and just talk about, I, I saw this video that you and Congress member Swalwell did together where Congress member Swalwell asked you, you know, what's your take on reading the bills? You know, it was funny, but it's, it's, it's a, it's a serious issue because these MAGA Republicans, whether it's Marjorie Taylor Green, or who else did I see, I saw that, that that Republican congress member from Nebraska, like they, they, whether they're holding town halls or they're going in front of their, or speaking on the house floor, you know, they're saying, here's a lesson. We should have read the bill. Because I didn't realize there's a provision that says that states can control their AI rights for 10 years. Or the guy in Nebraska, I'm thinking about.


It was like, and now I found out that there was a provision in here that divest federal courts of being able to hold people in contempt. If you don't post a security, I don't support that provision. And it's like, well, dude, you voted what whatcha doing? You, you voted for these things. What are you talking about? What do you make of it? Well, look, it, there are a number of problems with it. The the first is obviously you, you need to know what you're voting on. And there, there are many ways, you know, that this bill was dropped at the very last minute. It was 1100 pages, but there were so many ways of getting information about it that their staff members who have summaries, the committees have summaries.


Certainly those of us on the other side who knew we didn't like it, we're still going through all of the details to make sure that we understood it. The second thing is that both of those issues that Marjorie Taylor Greene mentioned, and the other one related to contempt proceedings were widely publicized, widely debated in committee and on the house floor. These were not secrets that no one was talking about. These were very well known things. And so this is just simply a case of buyer's remorse and trying to come up with some excuse that basically makes them look as incompetent and unqualified as they are to do the job.


Our basic and most fundamental obligation is to vote. And our second most fundamental obligation is to know what we're voting on. And if you are out there admitting that you don't know what you're voting on and you regret your vote, then you're not qualified or competent to be in Congress. And then finally, there are other excuse, and this is what I'm hearing a ton of these Republicans saying in the house, we knew it was a bad bill, this is what they're saying to them. We knew it was bad, but what our plan was, we give it to the Senate so they fix our bad bill and then they hand it back to us and then we get a better one.


What, what do you say to, what do you say to that excuse? It's, it's total bs. I mean, it is just, it's ridiculous. You're voting on what you're voting on and the idea of playing games. And, and by the way, Republicans are not shy about holding Democrats to things that we vote on if, and, and regardless of whether it's binding or non-binding or has any, any influence on anything, this is the most significant bill of this term thus far by far and away. And if they don't know what they're doing and they just say, oh, we'll throw it to the Senate and we'll have them, it'll come back from, from them is an abdication of their own responsibility.


It's passing the buck and it's shameful. But it just goes to show where this Republican party is today. And they should be embarrassed. They, of course aren't. They should be ashamed. They have no shame, and they'll just keep pushing forward to try to hurt the American people as much as they can to benefit themselves and their billionaire donors. Congressman Goldman, thanks for joining us and breaking it all down. Thank you, Ben. Everybody hit subscribe. Very close to 5 million. Let's get there this month. Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.