
This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season, and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


As Donald Trump continues to wreck the economy. And consumer confidence is almost as bad as it ever was in recent modern history. The University of Michigan survey shows the worst consumer sentiment since 2022. Also, the inflation expectations the worst since 1993. What's Donald Trump talking about? A taring champagne in response to his tariffs. He's saying to all the champagne businesses in the us. 'cause there's all those champagne businesses in the us. I'm not sure Donald Trump realizes where champagne is actually made. He's gonna be the protector of champagne because Europe's put on retaliatory tariffs because Trump arbitrarily and unilaterally put on tariffs against Europe for stealing aluminum into the rest of the world.


What else is Donald Trump talking about in addition to, to champagne? 'cause his people's 4 0 1 Ks and pensions are being destroyed. Donald Trump's top official at the DOJ is Attorney General. Pam, Pam Bondi had an important message that she and the Trump administration will be doing everything possible to protect Tesla's play this clip. We have people we're locking up on that. We, we have someone in jail right now from one of the dealerships. They, they threw a Molotov cocktail through a dealership. They're looking it up to 20 years in prison. So if you're gonna touch a Tesla, go to a dealership, do anything. You better watch out. 'cause we're coming after you. Wow. If you're funding this, we're coming after you. We're gonna find out who you are.


So I, I mean, these are decisions that they're making to, to, to go out and say these things. Let's bring in Democratic Congressman, Jared Moskowitz, Congress member Moskowitz. What do you make of just this moment? What are you hearing from your constituents right now? I'm hearing they're getting everything that they voted for. They specifically voted for this tariff on champagne. They had enough of big champagne c taking advantage of them and are happy. Finally, as my dog is digging in the background, as his name is Obie, he is a she poodle. He is wearing a tie. He is ready for Congress. Obie, you're ruining the podcast. Here. Sit down. Are we done?


I think we're done. He's excited. He is excited. He, he got into the champagne. Actually, that's what happened. No, so here we go. Right, Donald Trump. Okay. What is he talking about? Champagne. It's what people voted for, right? This, they wanted him to go after big champagne. They're tired of being taken advantage of. Look, we, this is, it's total chaos. I mean, it's just, it's just chaos. You know? Everyone's like, oh, what's the democratic bumper sticker? It should just be chaos. There's no better word to describe than the what's happening right now that Trump, Trump is doing. I, you know, Trump said in January of 20, 20, 24, and the lead up to his, his election, that it's the Trump stock market.


As the market was increasing, he took credit for it. Well, guess what, buddy? In March of 2025, it's your stock market also, and things are not going well. We're down like 4,000 points. Can you imagine for a second, as we sit here, just take a step back. If the market had gone down 4,000 points in two weeks and Joe Biden was president, I mean, they would be literally trying to impeach him. Okay? What we actually need right now, speaking of Joe Biden for a second, you know, for all the claims about Joe Biden, it would be nice if Trump actually went to the basement. Like if there is a basement, right? If that was true, we need Trump to go there, like take like a week off because it's just, it's too much.


He, you know, with the tariffs, he's just taring everyone. Which by the way, don't listen to me. Listen to, you know, Senator Mullen who says a tariff is a tax. He was a business owner. Tariffs are taxes, you know, and then as far as Pam Bondy's concerned, you know, with don't, don't touch a Tesla. Why is the Epstein files in the Tesla? I mean, look, we, we obviously don't want violence, you know, and we shouldn't be seeing violence. But why? I mean, what's so important about a Tesla is different from another card. Maybe the Epstein files that she can't find are in that Tesla. Look, she was the attorney general of, of your state. And when she was the attorney general of your state, I mean, I mean, let's be, let's be real.


I mean, those were the relevant years where Epstein was also living in your state. And did you see that stunt that they did? Where I think she gave, and, and she thought that Donald Trump would be pleased about the stunt that she did. And I mean, I'm not sure how Trump wasn't aware of, of the stunt. The whole thing is strange. But they had those MAGA influencers show up to the White House, and she gave them all binders that said, this is the Epstein files. Yeah. Everyone got, everyone got a book report. Okay. They had a book report. It was the phone, it was his phone list that was released many years ago, which by the way, has Trump's name on it. You, you previously in Congress in the last session actually brought it up and said, look, Magos, you know, you wanna actually talk about those connections.


But what do you think about the fact though that they've made that such a big issue for them and now they keep uncovering up the Epstein files and now like they're blaming the next person. They're never gonna turn those over, are they? I listen, I don't know. It's unclear. I I, but it has become a huge problem for them. That became a huge nightmare when people came out with, you know, white binders that, you know, a an 8-year-old turns in a book report with, and then they were smiling and dancing with a binder full of victims. You know, what wasn't a really good look? And, and actually it was a quick moment where the left and the right online came together and said that this is, this is was an outrageous stunt.


And I think the DOJ has suffered a credibility issue as, as a result of that. No doubt. But listen, let, let's talk about the things at, at hand, right? Let's talk about what, what's going on, you know, in the world. We, we proposed a ceasefire Ukraine signed on to a 30 day ceasefire. That's good, right? That's good. I'm glad we've realized that Ukraine's our ally, we've unpaused the, the aid that we were sending them. So that's flowing again. We've unpaused the intelligence sharing. So that's good. We're sharing intelligence again. So we figured out U Ukraine is our ally. Russia won't sign onto the 30 day ceasefire. So maybe that, that should give the Trump administration some pause.


'cause you know, Trump says he wants to stop the killings. Well, Ukraine agreed to stop the killings. Russia's like a little more killing. So, you know, hopefully they can reorient on that. We're still pressing this Canada as the 51st state nonsense. Something that's never gonna happen, you know? But, but you know that, so that we have a tariff war with literally our neighbor in Canada. We started talking to Hamas. I don't know If you heard about that. We talked to Hamas directly. That has hasn't happened ever since we deemed them a terrorist organization. We did that for a week until we pulled the guy off the Hamas envoy because he said Hamas were, you know, they were pretty fine people.


Can you imagine if, if someone in the Biden administration said, Hey, we've talked to Hamas pretty fine people. They would've impeached the Secretary of State over that. So what, what else is going on? Again, By the way, Baitz, that, that barely got a blip in the headline as you're mentioning that right now, that they had someone talk to him, talked up like, oh, they're pretty good negotiators, good people. Yeah, They're, they're, they're great. He said they're great people. They're great people. They had to pull Ball. I mean, but that didn't get enough attention. But look, in your state of Florida, there was a lot of tourism from Canada, you know, and that Canada tourism boycott, you know, must be really hurting your, I I, I've heard personally from a lot of people who have rental properties in Canada who own it and rent it out to people in Canada that they just ain't showing up right now, I think think it's like 40, 50% of the kind of just, just tourism, vacation, rental stuff is, is going.


Are you seeing that in Florida? Are you hearing that from constituents? Yeah, we're hearing it. I mean, we, my district has a lot of part-time residents that come in during winter that live in the district, as does South Florida. A lot of people from Canada come here during winter, and that's a big boom to the economy. The number one industry in Florida is tourism, and that's a big piece of it. So yeah, they're talking about boycotting the United States, and this is exactly what he ran on, of course, right? He did, gave all these rallies. He spoke about all these things and he said, here are the number one things I'm gonna do. I'm gonna raise egg prices. I'm gonna decrease the stock market. I'm gonna increase the cost of goods. I'm gonna launch a trade war with Canada. I'm gonna try to convince, you know, the Danish to sell me Greenland.


Okay? You know, we're gonna talk to Hamas, you know, and, and listen, little bit of pain. Everyone's gonna have a little bit of pain. You know, we're gonna take jobs away from veterans. We're probably gonna, you know, cut, you know, Medicaid. I mean, these are obviously the things he said, said from the stage. Ben, did I, did I not hear them correctly? Well, I mean, what I saw this morning was he posted our economy will boom, like never before. I mean, you know, the, the, the guy though, moves on so seamlessly, Bernie Madoff, Ponzi scheme style, just to the next one. What they floated that there was gonna be, if you're making $150,000 or less, you're not gonna be taxed.


By the way, what happened to no tax on tips, no tax on social Security, not in the bill. Not in the bill, not In the bill. Explain to the people out there Moscowitz. If they wanted it to be in the bill, it could have been right? They could have put that in the bill. Yeah, they could have put in the bill. The problem is, is that, you know, their whole thing is about not adding to the debt. And the bill as it is already adds trillions of dollars to the debt. Listen to Thomas Massey, who wears a debt clock. So their current bill adds trillions of dollars to the debt, which is what Doge was supposed to get at. So that's been a failure as far as getting our debt down. And they, they talk about, oh, tax on no tax on tips. Well, they didn't put it in the bill because they don't have a way to pay for it. And then the treasury sector comes out and says, anyone making less than 150,000 no taxes.


But we're not gonna do that until we balance the budget. By the way, we haven't balanced the budget since who, bill Clinton a Democrat. So, you know, look, the one thing Trump understands is that the media cycle is like this. And you can just put stuff out, you can just feed the beast. People hear it and they forget. They move on. Okay? There's another something going on. Another outrage, ano more chaos. We turn our attention, Steve Bannon Flood the Zone, and so they're doing that. But the one thing that Trump does know, and it is the James Carville, it's the economy. Stupid, is they can't escape prices that people are paying when they go out and shop. Whether that's at the grocery store or anywhere else, retail.


And they can't escape what people are seeing in the stock market. That's not just people who are invested in stocks, that's people's 4 0 1 Ks. That's people's pensions. It's their nest egg. They can't escape that data. No matter how they keep saying it's the golden age, things are gonna boom at some point, the American people are gonna lose patience with that. In fact, If you look at the polling, Trump is already underwater on the economy. And he has his commerce secretary, Howard Lutnick, who looks like he was selling sham wows in the 1990s. Here's what he's gotta say. Let's play it. We've seen worries about growth. I know you said you're not expecting a recession, but investors are on edge over the possibility of a recession this year, after the Atlanta Federal Reserve said that it's predicting a 2.4% contraction in the first quarter.


And of course, president Trump would not make A what? Wait, wait, wait. Say that again. A what? A what? The Atlantic Federal Reserve Contraction. Correct? Correct. First quarter. Okay. Right here, right here, right now. Right here, right now. That is ridiculous. Okay. Right here, right now. That's ridiculous. Right Here, right now, If you buy three contractions, we'll throw in free shipping. Do you know the Sham Wow. Reference? Of course I do. But seriously, Ben, Ben, listen. I'm giving you a piece of advice. I've made many mistakes in, in, in my past, and I sometimes I get ratioed on Twitter when I do that. Do not denigrate the ShamWow community.


They're very powerful. There you have it, everybody. Democratic Congress member Jared Moscowitz. Appreciate you. Everybody hits subscribe. Does your dog always walk around with a tie? Is that just He, he went and got a bath. He came back with a tie. I thought it was cute. I mean, look, he's wearing a tie and I'm not. It's very, It's, it's, it's very cute. Everyone hits, As you can tell. He thinks I'm doing a great job. He Thinks you're doing a plus. Oh, hey. Nope, nothing. Oh, yeah, there you go. Five, let's get to 5 million. Thanks, Congressman.


Can't get enough. Midas, check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.