
It's turn time. And with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 plus in President select states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non-controllable profit Boost tokens. Restrictions apply, including token expiration and max wager amount. C terms is sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, and you could be next. With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere, without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman matches, X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis x.com.


The markets absolutely crashed on Friday. Once again, the Dow was down 2200 points. The s and p down 322 points. The NASDAQ down 962 points. And of course, this follows another horrific day. On Thursday, Donald Trump sent his propagandist from the his regime out on Fox to give these very bizarre statements after the fact, like his labor secretary Lori Chavez Remer, a former congresswoman. She says what the goal of all of this is, is to try to bring the kind of manufacturing jobs that exist in Vietnam and Cambodia.


And she says that Americans are gonna be working those jobs very soon. Here Play this clip. Just To take one example, I was hearing about, you know, companies that make shirts and garments and Vietnam and Cambodia, that it's very difficult. There are certain things that we can ramp up fairly quickly, as I said moments ago about, you know, car manufacturers and lines that they can kind of kick open fairly quickly. But will American workers make shirts and garments for the same, you know, it obviously the labor cost is so much cheaper overseas in those places. So how's that going to work, secretary? Well, I Think that that's exactly what the president talked about in the Rose Garden when he was talking to the American worker and to the people and saying, we're gonna onshore repatriate some of these companies to invest in America directly so that we can build that workforce.


We can retrain, we can upskill, and we can have the American worker be paying attention to what's happening on the ground. They wanna make America like Cambodia and Vietnam. That's part of the plan. Also, you see the stock ticker there showing 38,000 just a few weeks ago. It was 44, 40 5,000 heading to 50,000. Here's, by the way, Senator Sheehy of Montana talking about, again, it's gonna be a lot of pain, but it's going to teach us all to be self-sufficient and Americans need to learn how to become self-sufficient. We're too reliant on world economies here, Play this clip. How Are, how is that gonna impact our access to those things, Senator, It's certainly gonna have a negative impact shortly.


But the reality is, Martha, this is because generations of, of us incentivizing companies to invest elsewhere. And that's exactly what the president's trying to do, is bring critical industries back to America. Because when we have our next national emergency, whether it's a world war or whether it's another pandemic, we have to be able to be, We need to become more self-sufficient. He said at the end of the clip, let's bring in democratic Congress member Jared Moskowitz from Florida Congressman, more self-sufficient, more like Vietnam and Cambodia. All I'm seeing are the markets crashing every single day, and especially from where you're at, and that's affecting all Americans. But in your congressional district as well, people in their retirement living off their life savings and 4 0 1 ks, I mean, what Trump and MAGA is doing, it's disastrous.


Yeah. So, well first, Ben, since I'm three hours ahead of you, if from the future it's not good over here, 2200 points and, and still going, we're getting close to the closing bell. It's not, it's not funny actually what's happening, what happened yesterday? What happened today? And, and look, let let me say a couple of things. I Think we gotta separate this debate. Okay? So yes, during COVID, when I was the director of emergency management in Florida, I had to buy products from all over the world. It was frustrating medicine, things of that nature, okay? We did have supply chain issues. And then when Trump did the first stimulus package three, $4 trillion, he didn't do anything to fix any of the supply chain issues which we could have done.


Then fast forward, we passed the Chips and Science Act, which was to fix the chip supply chain issue. Most Republicans voted against that. Trump wants to repeal it. He said in his, his state of the union and, and we all know that this team sport thing, like it's just ignoring the facts. I mean, I give credit to Ted Cruz and Rand Paul, they've been very tough. Tariffs are attacks. This is gonna be a tax on the American people, and they say pain in the short term, like it's gonna be a 30 day deal, okay? Factories can't come online immediately. I do think we should make things, more things here. Can't make everything here because obviously the reason we make goods in other countries is so that the cost of those goods to Americans are cheaper.


You think if we made everything in America where wages are $15 an hour, which is a good thing where people get healthcare, which is a good thing. You think you can find things at Walmart for 99 cents, it's not gonna happen. The idea of that was to get goods cheaper in this country. That doesn't mean we can't have more manufacturing here. We should have more manufacturing here. And so let me separate the goal from the execution, the goal of increasing manufacturing, that's a bipartisan goal. We all support that. Democrats were the ones who did that with the Chips and Science Act that Republicans voted against. That was to increase chip manufacturing here in America. Okay? But this, i, this execution of what they're doing, okay? Is that shit crazy? Okay, we're gonna crash the stock market and then Trump comes out and tweets and says, oh, maybe Powell should lower the interest rates.


You'll, oh, what, what are you doing? You're, are you crashing the stock market so that you can get interest rates lower? Powell came out and today and said that that's not gonna happen. And you all know, we all know that if Joe Biden did this or made any policy change in which we lost 34,000 points, okay? In, in almost 4,000 points in a two day period, we've, we've gone from 44,000 to 38,000 since Trump took office. They'd be like, it's 'cause Joe Biden's in the basement. It's 'cause he's with Hunter. There wouldn't be enough airtime in the day for them to fill, but yet most Republicans are silent. Trump's a genius, right? They say, I I don't remember Trump ever talking about crashing the stock market while he was on stage in between the Hannibal Elector talk.


I don't, I don't remember. I mean, I mean, are you not entertained? I mean, by the way, this, this is not easy to do. I mean, I get give Trump credit. I mean, he literally killed the economy, which he told everyone was terrible, okay? And some people believe that, but the economy wasn't terrible, but it is now. So he's made that, he's made that happen. I mean, he literally wiped away trillions of dollars from the US economy. We can't even make that up in the tariffs. And so look, he tariffed the penguins. He tariffed Vietnam. Madagascar, okay? I, I mean, I don't know what the plan is, is the, is the plan to get people who live in Vietnam, to move to Greenland to make the shirts there.


Nobody really knows what's going on. And Ben, let's not forget, let's not forget, can you imagine if Joe Biden was playing golf for two days while the stock market was cratering? I I mean the, the, the articles of impeachment that they would be fi filing w would 50 members, okay? They, they would've tried to impeach his dog, okay? You know, based on what was going on. But this is the time we live in. Everything Trump does is good. Even when we're staring in the face, it reminds me of that leader of DiCaprio movie Don't look up. That's, that's where the Republican party is right now. Don't look up. And I know there are people out there who are like, this is good. The Republicans are gonna get wiped out in the midterm.


And don't get me wrong, I wanna win the midterm and we need breaks on President Trump. That's why him getting the house in the Senate was so bad. But a lot of people are going to get hurt. Businesses, people, seniors, my community, that this is their nest egg. They don't have 10 years to recover. You know, this is, this is, this is all very bad. You know, when you talk about Trump golfing while the economy crashes, it's almost like, as, you know, it's like those old family guy things where you keep seeing more and it just kind of gets worse and worse. And then, like, it never stops getting worse for like, literally, you mean when Even Peter like runs, he goes to the Hinden Peter and it gets in and then it just crashes And, and, and it's like eight minutes though, and they drag it out until a commercial break.


So yes, he's playing golf while the market's crashing with the Saudi leaders who are paying him at his resort for a live golf tournament where he's making personal money promoting his brand while they do pink Birkin Bagg, Hermes parties at Mar-a-Lago celebrating $450,000 handbags while flying Marine one into the golf course or onto the golf course to show off. But, but here, congressman is what Trump is saying, and with, with statements like this, it makes things worse infinitely. The post was week 11 wins.


This was posted on Friday after the markets crashed. Week 11 wins, president Trump unleashes economic prosperity. It was another highly successful week for the American people as President Donald J. Trump continues his relentless pursuit of strength, prosperity, and peace, and lays the foundation for America to be the global powerhouse for generations to come. They're celebrating this as the greatest week of prosperity. And you see that? I mean, what's your response to that? Look, they're, they're used to spinning things, right? And creating their own sort of reality. They're, they're used to doing that, but this is gonna be different people, people are go, people are being affected, right?


Like, so it's not just like a talking point. They can see what's happening in the market. And so, yeah, look, there are people who voted for Donald Trump that thought, you know, he was a stable genius and he's going to, you know, get us to the promised land golden age. And you know, now's not a time to revel in the fact that, you know, this is what they voted for. But, you know, these people are probably now, and I I'm hearing from some of them business owners who are having orders canceled, people are pulling back, pulling back their, their, their money from the economy. You know, this, I mean, you got JP Morgan saying, you know, this is the highest tax increase on the American people. You know, you have JP Morgan saying that there's now a 60% chance of recession, so better than 50% chance before Trump did this.


We were in the thirties, very low percentage of recession, we had hit that soft landing. And, and so look, we're gonna go back to Washington on Monday. Most of my Republican colleagues will, will tell us the truth when the cameras aren't on, they'll tweet how, you know, Trump knows exactly what he's doing, but you know, when the cameras aren't on, they'll tell, they'll tell us, but they'll be too afraid. Too afraid to come out and say it. I mean, you know, Mike Pence was literally, you know, Mike Pence had the courage, was the first one to come out and said, this is a terrible idea even before the markets collapsed today. And so, look, it's up, it's up to the house and the Senate, if they wanna put breaks on that, there is, there are is a Republican senator that has put a bill forward that this would require congressional approval.


Even Ben Shapiro said that these tariffs are probably unconstitutional, by the way, yesterday because he needs congressional approval. You can't have a tax increase on the American people without congressional approval. And so, listen, you know, we get, we're just gonna have to see what the next couple of days are. I I, I have no way to know how Monday or Tuesday or Wednesday's gonna go. The tariffs hit. Most of the tariffs will hit on April 9th. China's reciprocal tariffs will hit on April 10th. And, you know, who knows where the bottom has been. Congressman, we gotta have you back on and make sure you are kind of keeping us posted on these developments and, and, you know, I'm specifically, you know, focused also on, on your constituents as they have, you know, overwhelmingly their retirements are being impacted, you know, by, by this and are kind of being directly hit.


So thank you for joining us and I, we'll have you back soon. Appreciate It. Keep doing what you're doing. Congratulations on being number one. People are coming to you guys, you know, for the real stuff Now. I appreciate you everybody. Hit subscribe. Let's get two 5 million subscribers. Love This video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.