
Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines Restrictions apply. See terms and conditions at KL and dao.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


I am joined by Democratic Congress member Seth Molton. Congressman, you're a former Marine. Donald Trump's actions seem to be disproportionately attacking the veteran community, the spouses members of the armed services, both in terms of the cuts in the federal government where a lot of veterans work, as well as to Veterans Fair Affairs. We're learning what 60, 70,000 jobs could be lost. I want to get your reaction to that. Yeah. I mean, look, Trump has never liked veterans. I mean, let's not forget, this is the guy who literally made fun of John McCain for being a POW in Vietnam, who called people who sign up losers.


And If you get killed a sucker, I mean, this is just who Trump is. He dodged the draft himself because he thought someone else less important than him, I guess as a, as a guy in his early twenties, should go to Vietnam in his place. So it's really not a surprise. It shouldn't be a surprise. People who believe his rhetoric about how he's tough and you know, he's going to restore confidence in the military and things like this, it just doesn't line up with his personality. So, no, it's not surprising that he's cutting the va and a lot of veterans are gonna get hurt. Yeah, not a surprise that that's coming from him, but are you surprised that pretty much all of your colleagues have gone and the Republican side have gone full MAGA at this point, giving standing ovations as Donald Trump talks about conquering Greenland and Panama, or giving standing ovations as he talks about revoking the CHIPS act, which brings a lot of jobs even to their red states.


Does that aspect surprise you? They're doing it for one reason, Ben. It's, it's not maga, it's a one word answer, fear. That's why they're doing it. They're just cowards. They're so scared of them. And they say some things, they say totally different things in private than what they say in public. So yeah, they're gonna get on TV and act like Sycophants because they're scared that he'll primary them if they don't. But then in private, they don't like what he's doing. They actually do respect veterans. They do respect nato. I sat at the Munich Security Conference just three weeks ago with the likes of Senator Graham, entirely bipartisan delegation of, of Republicans and Democrats from the House of Representatives, all reassuring our, our European allies all standing by zelensky, all propping him up, you know, all doing the same thing, singing from the same sheet of music.


And then here's the same story. Trump does something totally crazy that no Republican with an ounce of intelligence or morality can agree with. And about two hours later, you know, sometimes a little more, sometimes a little less, these republicans spend some crazy disjointed story to justify what Trump did. And then all of a sudden they're cheering him on. So it's just utter hypocrisy because they're scared, they're just cowards. I'll share with you what Trump said earlier in the day. He held one of those Oval office press conferences where he signed some ridiculous executive order. I think this one was, he signed an executive order saying that he was great for women.


And he goes, ah, I guess I'm great. I'm signing the order. Anyway, then he gets asked all of the questions, and here he's asked, are you making it US policy that the US won't defend NATO countries that don't pay here? Let me show you what he said. Are you gonna make that policy, us policy that the US wouldn't defend NATO countries that don't pay? Well, I think it's common sense, right? If they don't pay, I'm not gonna defend them. No, I'm not gonna defend him. I got into a lot of heat when I said that. He said, oh, he is violating nato. And you know, the biggest problem I have with nato, I, I really, you know, I mean, I know the guys very well, they're friends of mine. But if the United States was in trouble and we called them, we said, we got a problem, France, we got a problem.


A couple of others I won't mention. Do you think they're gonna come and protect us? They're supposed to. I'm not so sure. So Now you know from your service, otherwise, yeah, talk to us about it. I Mean, these countries did come to us after nine 11, and they're not even required to do so. The way we are required by treaty to come to their aid, if they get attacked in Europe, they didn't have to help us in Iraq and Afghanistan, but they did. And it's not surprising that Trump doesn't know that. I mean, he's not a student of history, but I think more to the point, he doesn't have any sons or daughters who served in the military after nine 11.


You know, they're all about my age. They all could have done their part. Just, just, just one of 'em had signed up. Maybe he would know that we served on the ground in Iraq and Afghanistan alongside Canadian troops, French troops, United troops from the uk, the Danes, the Poles, all these NATO countries. Not to mention our ally, just to the north. And you know, they lost a lot of lives there. They didn't need to do that, but they did it because that's what allies do. That's what allies do. They stand by your side. And you know, when we went to Iraq, we made, we became allies with these Iraqis, right?


And, and, and they were difficult allies. I mean, there are a lot of times we, we disagreed. I've been in a lot of very contentious meetings with Iraqi leaders. They didn't always pay their bills, but no one on the ground there. Even those of us who disagreed with the war, imagine selling them out, selling them out to the enemy, starting, starting to use Al-Qaeda talking points. I mean, that's what Trump's doing. He's selling Ukraine out. He's selling our NATO allies out, and he's literally using the talking points of the enemy. Imagine if Roosevelt had started using Hitler talking points. That's how bad this is. And you know, I I, I get it that like we don't win elections on national security issues, but, but Trump is putting this country in danger.


He's putting our national security at risk because all across the globe, our allies are saying, we can't trust America anymore. And our adversaries, especially St. Jinping in China, are saying, yeah, looks like we're getting the green light. We can just walk all over America and its friends no matter where we want. Well, look, elections are won and lost over the economy as you posted. Russia's stock market is up, China's stock is up, America's stocks are down. And it's just more than just the stocks being down the Atlanta Federal Reserve saying that GDP will be negative 2.8 to negative 3% in the first quarter.


Whereas if Donald Trump just put on autopilot former President Biden's economy, it would've been three to 4% GDP growth. Also, you have prices surging. So that combination of GDP contraction and Prices surging is something called stagflation hasn't happened in 50 years and is crushing. And then Trump every day tariff, no tariff, tariff, no tariff. And he's like watching the market go up and down, and then he gets scared. So he pulls the tariffs, which are dangerous. Wh what, what are you hearing from, you know, your constituents? What, what, what are you seeing out there? You know, generally the, the sentiment and the vibes are caused by his economic disarray.


Look, I I can't remember a time when we've gotten more calls into the office from people who are just scared, desperate, unsure. We're getting a lot of calls from veterans right now who say we depend on the va. I mean, I, I depend on the va. I get my healthcare at the va. I made that promise when I got elected that I'd continue going to the VA and wouldn't just, you know, live off the congressional healthcare plan. And if they cut 80,000 people from the va, we're not gonna be able to get care. So it's all these concerns. And yeah, a lot of them are about the economy. Let's not forget Trump promised the prices would go down on day one. Well, they've just gone up. That's the one thing that's gone up. The market's down.


Consumer confidence is down, investment is down, everything's down except prices. Prices are going up. And none of this crazy talk about terrorists. None of this selling out our allies, Ukraine, none of our unwillingness to just uphold our commitment to nato, which has kept us safe for 75 years. None of that is lowering prices. Prices are going up. Let's talk about Doge. Elon Musk pretends that he's not the leader of Doge. They said some Amy Gleason, who no one's heard of, is actually administrator. Because Elon doesn't want to have to testify before Congress before getting into the damage that Doge is causing.


Let's just talk about transparency, which is that none of your Republican colleagues are allowing Elon Musk to go before a Doge subcommittee or any committee to actually discuss what he's doing. I mean, regardless of where someone is on any political issue, you would think at the most basic level, oversight is a thing, and you show up before Congress and you talk about it or else you're probably got something to hide. Let's talk, start with transparency and let's talk about the impact you're seeing. Y you know, I was in the gym like a few weeks ago, bipartisan, you know, bunch of Republicans, and one of 'em said, oh, you know, we're going to a Bible study today. Anyone want to come?


And I just said, I really hope you're gonna cover hypocrisy. I hope we go over that in your Bible study group because you guys are really good at it. Again, they're scared. They're scared, and they don't let hypocrisy get in the way of supporting Donald Trump, no matter what he's trying to do. Yes, everyone knows that Doge is bad of a lot of the calls we're getting. And these thousands of calls, you know, 9,000 people showed up at a telephone tower hall I had last week. I mean, all these people are complaining about Elon Musk and Doge and all the things that are gonna be impacted. He's definitely making government less efficient. It's gonna take longer to get appointments at the va, it's gonna take longer to get your license renewed.


I mean, any of this stuff that's impacted by the federal government is going to get less in efficient. But we also gotta talk about the fact that, I mean, I'm standing, I'm sitting here as a democrat who's a big champion of government reform and making government more efficient. The first bill I passed in Congress was the faster care for veterans act, just to make it easier for vets to get appointments at the va. You know, I heard a story of a, a guy called me up from my platoon and he was like, Hey, I tried to get a mental health appointment at the VA because I was thinking about killing myself last week. And they told me I could see someone in three months. And this great marine vet that I served with risked his life for our, for all of us.


He's like, look, I wasn't thinking about killing myself in three months. I was thinking about it last week. You know? And so there's a lot of reform that's needed in government, and I think Democrats have to be more proactive about saying, here's our plan to reform government. Here's how we can do it. Well, the point is, Musk might have a good idea that government could be more efficient, but the way he's going about it is just, is just slashing everything. I mean, he's not making government more efficient, he's making it non-existent. And that does not serve America well. You know, the final question, I'm sure you hear it a lot out your town halls. I always get asked it as well as, you know, what are the Democrats doing?


What should they be doing? Everybody gets, you don't control the house, you don't control the Senate. You don't control the executive branch. But I'm sure you hear it from your constituents. They say, we still want you to fight. We want you to fight. Yeah. And so, you know, what does that mean to you where Democrats don't have control? What does that look like? And what are you challenging other Democrats to do as well during these difficult times? We do have to fight. And I think you gotta pick your battles, because you're right, we don't have control. So we can't win every battle, but take issues that you can, you can have an impact on. Like, I'm a Marine vet, so is JD Vance. So I went after him pretty hard when he sold Zelensky, and I know it got under their skin because they obviously called Fox and friends and did a hit job on me the following morning, which I'm fine with, you know?


But the point is, it got under their skin. We do have to stand up and fight. But the other thing that we have to do is we've gotta put ourselves in a position to win. And let's be honest, we got wiped out in this last election when it should have been easy. We were running against a convicted felon. Democrats should have cleaned up across the board. So I don't care how much we lost by the simple fact that we lost means that we're out of touch with the majority of Americans, and we gotta work on getting back in touch. And there's three things I'm focused on doing, a lot more listening and a lot less preaching. And I, I wrote an op-ed in the Washington Post about how we're just become a party that that talks down to people and says, If you disagree with us, you're not only wrong, you're a bad person.


We gotta change that around and start listening to a majority of Americans. Again, the second thing we've gotta do is stop listening to the lobbyists, to the extremist groups that give us these litmus tests, these litmus tests on the far left that say, If you don't, you know, answer these, these questions, check these boxes, then you're not a Democrat. Well, that's not a way to build a broad coalition. That's not the way to build a winning majority. And then the third thing is, is let's, let's actually put people in leadership positions who aren't just from safe seats. You know, put people like Pat Ryan, Abigail Span, Berger, I mean, people who win tough elections into leadership positions in the party to show that Democrats actually care about getting elected.


And we're not just catering, you know, to San Francisco or or Brooklyn. We gotta do these things to show America that we got the message that we lost. We got the message that you don't trust us anymore, that you think we're out of touch and we're gonna turn this around. We're not just gonna hate Trump. We're gonna show a positive vision forward for the country that you can bet get behind because we're listening to what you want. I appreciate that. You know, I often get asked, you know, you cover Trump this, is it just that you hate Trump? I go, look, if this was a guy who was in Mar-a-Lago, just being a, a, a billionaire or whatever, I go, I wanna, I wanna get, I go, he's impacting you. He's impacting America.


He's, he's hurting the economy. He is hurting our alliance. And that's that, that's why, that's why I cover it. Let's focus on those issues. Congress member, Seth Molton, I appreciate you joining us. This is your first time on the Midas Touch podcast. We hope you come back. Thanks for having me. Everybody. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now, and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.