
You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What? On price? They have my favorite brand. It's like a whole new bu. Ah, I give I I'm saving So much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals you'll love Burlington. I told you. So.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


It is turn time and with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 plus in President select states opt in required minimum plus 100 Odds required. Bonus issued is non Withable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including token expiration and max wager amount. C terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Attention sports enthusiast. Keep the adrenaline pumping and elevate your game day with Chumba Casino, it's completely free to play no purchase necessary. Whether you're cheering from the stands on the move, or relaxing at home. Chumba Casino brings the thrill of social casino directly to your fingertips. Experience the ultimate social casino adventure with reels of casino style games, offering hundreds of exciting options to choose from and fresh new releases every week. There's always something new and thrilling to explore. From action packed social slots and classic blackjack to engaging bingo in solitaire. The fun never stops. Plus, enjoy generous daily login bonuses and a fantastic free welcome bonus to kickstart your social gaming journey. Dive into the excitement. Discover a world where you can play for your chance to redeem some serious prizes and have a blast along the way. Don't miss out. What are you waiting for? Join now and immerse yourself in nonstop fun and adventure with Chumba Casino. Get in on the action today@chumbacasino.com and make every day a chumba day supply.


We're seeing Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee fighting back an incredible explosive hearing yesterday where democratic members were not taking the BS pedaled by the Trump re regime officials who were testifying. Let me show you what went down. The ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, Congress member Himes said the following to Tulsi Gabbard, director of National Intelligence. Let's play it You. On March 15th as d and I retweeted a post from Ian Miles Chong, who is listed on rt, that's Russia, today's website as quote, a political and cultural commentator who has contributed content to RT since at least 2022.


Director G, do you think that it's responsible for you as head of the intelligence community and the principal's presidential intelligence advisor to retweet posts from individuals affiliated with Russian State media? That retweet came from my personal account and I would have to go back to look at the substance of the tweet. Can I just a lack, just so that we don't have a lack of confusion amongst our allies and enemies and us. Can I act perhaps that you not think that you should be saying one thing on your personal account than you say officially, I maintain my First Amendment rights to be able to express my own personal views on different issues. Thank you. I yield back What the director of National Intelligence saying that she has, that she wants to use her first amendment rights to repost Russian propaganda.


Great questioning there by Congressman Hymes. Then you had Democrat Democratic Congress member Castros Here, say the following. Let's play it. Thank you Chairman Tulsa. You and I came into the Congress together in 2013 and cash, you and I, I was serving on the intelligence committee when you worked on the intelligence committee. And John, you and I are both from Texas and we both served together on the intelligence committee. Y'all the idea that this information, if it was presented to our committee, would not be classified, y'all know, is a lie. That's ridiculous. I've seen things much less sensitive be presented to us with high classification.


And to say that it isn't is a lie to the country. Then Congressman Raja Krishna Mothy, let's play it. Terrorist is at his known location, so it should be on time also, strike drones launch MQ nines. MQ nines is a weapon system. Correct? They are. Okay. I think applying the executive order as well as the DOD manual to this fact pattern. We clearly have weapon systems that have been identified that is classified information. Now the reason why it's important that this information not be disclosed is that we don't want the adversaries to know what's about to happen.


Right, sir? Well, I would draw a small distinction there. You, you referenced and asked if that platform, those two platforms are weapon systems. They are, but those terms are used all across the globe in a lot of context. So it's really about how they're used in the context of this particular document. I just wanna clarify that. The use of those charges I understand, yeah. In this, in this situation, those are operational details. They are operational details. But again, as you've quoted the DOD instruction, it's about operations. So as you further go down into what are the operational details, I think as we had a discussion yesterday, the important aspect, I think all of us are very familiar.


We've, This is classified information, this is classified information, it's a weapon system as well as sequence of strikes, as well as details about the operations. Let's bring in Congress member Jim Heim's, ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee. I guess first off, it is classified information correct? As the ranking member, this was classified information that was leaked. Well, it absolutely should have been classified information. Right? I mean, there's no doubt about that. Whether it was actually classified, I suppose it's something that they would like to argue about. By the way, if it wasn't classified, that's a whole other scandal because the timing and nature of an attack on a foreign country, you know, not a hard one as Raja.


So ably pointed out, Where are we at with this right now? I mean, you, you led for the Democrats as the ranking member, the, the, the Democrats in the house intelligence. Where are we at? Where do we go from here? What, what's going on? Yeah, I think, you know, there's a couple of pieces that have to be satisfied here. Number one, we need to get a complete inventory of whatever was on this crazy signal chat, right? That is not provided to us by Jeffrey Goldberg of the Atlantic, right? So step one, you gotta, you gotta produce the entire signal chain, everything that was on it. Secondly, there needs to be an investigation over precisely how it happened for two reasons. Number one, it can never happen again.


We're getting all twisted up in the underwear here over, you know, is it classified or not classified or, you know, is it a violation of the records act? This can never happen again. If, and I know my Republican friends want to convince you that, well, they didn't precisely name the target. Guess what? If the Houthis knew that we were coming on any given day, that could have resulted in dead pilots or it could have resulted in them sinking a naval ship, right? So anyway, we need to know exactly what happened. We need the investigation to cough up how it happened, and then of course we need a commitment that it never happens again and that we learn from it. And whatever accountability this unaccountable administration thinks is wise to, to impose on the people who were involved.


But congressman, this couldn't possibly just be the only one, like the way they name the chat Houthis small group, the way everyone seemed to conduct what was taking place as business as usual, at least it tells me that this is what they're doing all the time, every day with other plans, other attacks. We don't know that yet for a fact, but it seemed, as a lawyer, it seemed patterned in practice. Like so what's being done to determine if this is rampant, if this is how they do it all of the time. And do you think this is how they've been conducting business all of the time like this on signal chats with very sensitive information?


Okay. Broadly, let's start with a slightly even broader question, which is, is this an administration that is operating with prudent guidelines, following rules, doing things with competence? No. This is the administration that, apart from setting up a signal chat, decided to fire the people who maintain and look after our nuclear weapons. Oops. Well, that was a mistake. I mean, there is absolutely no reason to believe that this signal chat about, you know, a a pending attack is anything other than indicative of the way they do business. And so you raise exactly the right questions. But for Jeffrey Goldberg, we would never know about this in all likelihood, right? So you raise a critical question, which is where else are they screwing this kind of stuff up, right?


Is there a Facebook page that Elon Musk set up where there's a whole bunch of social security numbers or, you know, medical records? The oversight task is enormous. And then let me say this too. I know what was happening here. You know, you just have to read, Pete Hegg says, typed in texts about f eighteens launching accompanied by MQ nines, whether good, you know, CENTCOM says go, this is Pete Hegseth playing soldier, right? It's just the testosterone upwelling he gets when he gets to type MQ nines en route is his life right now. You know, he's, he's a guy who is, you know, not even closely qualified to the position he has. And so when he gets to get on a signal chat with his buddies and say, we're a go CENTCOM says all in f eighteens, it just makes him feel really, really good.


Sadly, of course, it puts our people at risk. Now, your Republican colleagues who I think once upon a time would like labels, like National Security Hawk and this and that, their response has either been this is normal, this is cool oopsies mistakes happen or Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm concerned about it. I I, i, it's a mistake. I I think the strongest statement we got was somewhere between Oopsie and it's a, it's a mistake maybe on the Senate slightly, slightly stronger. So what, what could you do though, as the ranking member? That means you're the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, but you still don't control the committee, you don't have subpoena power.


They get to control the course of what can you do in that reality? Yeah, it's a great question and it's a question that when you're in the minority, like I am, like the Democratic party is, is always has a somewhat unsatisfying answer. You know, in the senate, the democratic senators have a few more tools at their disposal on the house side where, where the House majority rules and where the speaker of the house is a wholly owned subsidiary of Donald J. Trump. And where with maybe one or two exceptions, I'm thinking Don Bacon and a few others, people are absolutely terrified by the political end that they will encounter if they get in the way of this president.


There's just not a lot of things that you could do to even wake up the Republicans who if this had been done under the Biden administration, they'd have war paint on and be burning the buildings down. In fact, I pointed this out yesterday in closed session, which is, okay folks, let's stop the pearl clutching and the arguments about whether, you know, F 18 is a precise war plan. You know, that if Barack Obama's administration or Joe Biden's administration had done that, we, we would have to deploy the National Guard to calm you guys down. Wanna get your take on re Elise Stefanik, it's being announced that her nomination is being pulled for the ambassador to the United Nations.


This follows, I think Republicans are getting worried about the, the electoral map that they're seeing. They saw what happened in a Pennsylvania state race that never went Democrat since 1889 and a Democrat won in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. I think they're seeing kind of what's happening in Florida right now in these specials. People are saying that's behind it, but you know, Elise de she more from moderate to ultra maga, ultra Maga and now Heit gets to be Secretary of Defense and St does not get to be ambassador to the United Nations. Some might call it karma, some might use other words. What's your response to all of this?


Yeah, Well it certainly is interesting politically, you know, and I, I don't know. We'll see in this race in Florida that apparently is in a, a Republican plus 30 district, and I, gosh, the Democrat is five points behind. We'll see what's happening out there. I don't think they really think that that very red district is at risk. But I do think inside this building, I do think that there are a whole lot of Republicans who have realized that the time has run out on the idea that you can cut $880 billion outta Medicaid through waste, fraud, and abuse. A lot of people got very sober wake up this week when they realized, oh my God, I gotta go back to my constituents and tell them that we're about to destroy Medicaid. So I think they start to see the unanimity fraying here.


You know, from Elisa's standpoint, I know Elise really well. We served on the intelligence committee together. It's almost, you said karma, it's almost Shakespearean, right? I mean, Elise was a classic Bob Dole Republican when she got here, you know, did what she needed to do to become a maga darling. And now just as high office is right there, you know, the Shakespearean gods have, have, have pulled that out. They pulled the rug, the rug out from under her. So it's a, it's a karma, Shakespearean, whatever you wanna call it. Congressman, as we start hearing more about the framework of the budget, as we start hearing about what they're doing as we reach the debt ceiling, we'd love for you to come back and talk about that. But any other thoughts where things start to head on that front this week, next week, as some of those details start to emerge?


Sure. I mean, look for, for the people who, who are sane enough not to immerse themselves in this stuff, what's about to happen, and this is part of what's happening with Elise Stefanik, is that the speaker has told his most ferocious budget hawks that we're gonna absolutely obliterate the budget. He got their votes, and then he told the moderates, don't worry, we're not gonna obliterate the budget. We're gonna keep Medicaid safe. He's told people completely irreconcilable things and those chickens are coming home to roost right now. And so I think we're in for a pretty wild and wooly next couple of weeks as Republicans realize the, the, you know, the canyon that they've, that they've backed themselves into.


Well, we hope to have you back soon, to walk us through that canyon, take us through the tra trail, and hopefully get us out of mag land back into the world of normalcy. Congress member, thanks for joining us. Thank You so much. Take care. Congressman Jim Hymes, ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee. Thank you for joining us. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Popowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.