
Hey, aren't you that PBM Middleman at your service? Doctor? Don't you get rebates that save money on medicines? Oh, PBMs like me get big rebates. So why do patients tell me they're worried about their costs? No one says we have to share the savings with patients. Congress should make sure medicine savings go directly to patients, not middlemen. Visit PhRMA dot org slash middleman to learn more paid for by pharma.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed Or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry With LifeLock. Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


Hey, I am Ryan Reynolds. Recently I asked Mint Mobile's legal team if big wireless companies are allowed to raise prices due to inflation. They said yes. And then when I asked if raising prices technically violates those onerous to your contracts, they said, what the fuck are you talking about? You insane Hollywood. As so to recap, we're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. $45 upfront for three months Plus taxes and fees promoting for new customers for limited time. Unlimited more than 40 gigabytes per month. Slows bolt turns at Mint Mobile dot com.


This is the sound of your ride home with dad after he caught you Vaping awkward, isn't it? Most vapes contain seriously addictive levels of nicotine and disappointment. Know the real cost of vapes brought to you by the FDA.


I'm James McComb reporting live from home in my bathrobe and slippers. Tonight we're talking Dunkin Polar peppermint coffee gene's here with the latest gene. Do you copy The home with Duncan is where you wanna be On the other side. I negotiate in the appropriations area is actually in this bill. Both das are 366. The Nays 34 1 member voting present. Two thirds being in the affirmative. The rules are suspended. The bill is passed. And without objection, the motion to reconsider is laid on the table. So the government's going to be funded. Elon Musk and Donald Trump folded like a cheap napkin and Democrats held their ground.


You heard it there. It ended up happening on this continuing resolution to stop a government shutdown. The house passed a bill to avert the midnight shutdown. The bill passed 366 to 34. One person voted present. 170 Republicans voted yes. 196. Democrats voted yes. 34 Republicans voted no. Zero Democrats voted no. Once again, as Jake Sherman reports, Democrats saved Republicans. Another big point after Donald Trump has been saying that he would not support a continuing resolution to stop a government shutdown unless the debt ceiling was abolished, or unless the debt ceiling was increased or unless an extension on the debt ceiling for several years was done.


That did not happen in this continuing resolution. In other words, what Donald Trump and Elon Musk were asking for all of the theatrics, all of the drama, all of the, you know, while behavior ended up being for Naugh, none of that happened. No debt ceiling was even addressed in this continuing resolution. After all of that house Republicans weren't at all moved by Trump's demands to lift the borrowing cap to add more debt, which increased the deficit. Trump effectively asked for one thing, he didn't get it. Now on to the Senate, which is expected to pass this continuing resolution as Mr.


Capper puts it on Wednesday. Here's the post Trump threatens. I'm going to primary any Republican who votes for a clean continuing resolution without a debt limit extension to keep the government funded. Let's get ready for a shutdown. Trump said. But then on Friday moments ago, 170 Republicans voted for a clean continuing resolution without a debt limit extension. The bill passed overwhelmingly defying Donald Trump. But in Donald Trump world, you gotta take credit for things. You gotta act like, oh, this was all part of the plan.


Exactly what I wanted. This is why Donald Trump is the biggest pushover ever. When it all comes down to it. He always folds like a cheap paper napkin from a fast food restaurant with filthy grease on it. Sorry, I extended that one a little bit longer. MAGA Mike Johnson. Here's what he goes, he goes, I was in contact with Trump through all of this. This is what we wanted. Y'all got bailed out by the Democrats. 'cause Democrats essentially got everything that they wanted here. Play this clip. So, so we, we, I was in constant contact with, with President Trump throughout this process.


Spoke with him most recently, about 45 minutes ago. He, he knew exactly what we were doing and why. And, and this is a good outcome for the country. I, I think he certainly is happy about this outcome as well. And here's Mag Mike Johnson saying, I was also in touch with Elon Musk. Here. Watch this right here. Come as well. Elon Musk and I talked to within about an hour ago and, and we talked about the extraordinary challenges of this job. And I said, Hey, you wanna be speaker of the house? I don't know. He said this, this may be the hardest job in the world, I think it is. But we're gonna get through this. We are going to unify this country and we are going to bring the America first agenda to the people beginning in January. We cannot wait to get started.


I hope y'all have a great holiday. Wanna be speaking, Mr. How Will this? Alright, by the way, the Democrats posted this AI image right here. This isn't real. In case you were wondering, this is an AI image. Just wanna be very clear. This is what the Democrats, the official account opposed to their enjoying trolling Donald Trump and Elon Musk. The White House says that President Biden supported this because Democrats got mostly what they wanted. The Republicans removed a few things from it. I'll tell you what, the Republicans removed from this continuing resolution to make themselves feel good about it. But Biden got what he wanted because Biden's actually playing chess while Trump is playing.


I don't know, checkers with emine MS or something. I don't know. This is what the White House says. While it does not include everything we sought, it includes disaster relief. The President requested for the communities recovering from the storm eliminates the accelerated pathway to a tax cut for billionaires and would ensure that the government can continue to operate at full capacity. In other words, Democrats held their ground as Jeff Stein from the Washington Post reports six bipartisan policies taken out of the spending bill after Musk torched it. So this is what Trump and Elon Musk removed from the original bill. Otherwise, it's virtually identical.


Let's take a look. Provision aimed at ensuring food stamps are replenished for Americans whose benefits are stolen possibly as many as 300,000 affected per the CBPP. A series of changes to the operations of pharmacy benefit managers, middlemen in the medicine business that negotiate drug prices with pharmaceutical companies. For example, attempt to end spread pricing where PBMs charge a health plan more for a drug than what they pay for the pharmacies that dispense at three pay hikes for members of Congress, 4% or so increases four. Transferring control of the land in Washington, DC where RFK Stadium sits to the district.


No new funds here. The Ted Cruz Klobuchar bill aimed at cracking down on revenge porn and deep fakes. Republicans took that out of this. A bipartisan bill aimed at cracking down on revenge porn and deep fakes. That's no longer in this great work, Republicans for getting rid of that and being sarcastic. Six new and expanded restrictions on US investments in China. Yes, the bill is much shorter, about 900 pages or or so shorter. It funds the government and provides aid to farmers and natural disaster victims. It does not include the debt ceiling lift that Donald Trump said had to take place.


Also, the pediatric cancer funding did not make it in this bill as well. They removed pediatric cancer funding. Ted Cruz using this as an opportunity to plug his PO on my podcast verdict. I answer for you the questions and explain what the heck is going on. As our editor-in-Chief Ron Popowski writes naturally, Ted Cruz views this whole shit show as an opportunity to promote his podcast. And then on Fox, they are trying to spin this like Trump got what he wanted when quite literally the opposite took place. Watch this guest on Fox go. Yeah, this is what we wanna do the whole time here.


Play this clip package To quote who we want. We didn't hear from the president. I know you're surprised. No, not surprised at all. Listen, this is showing how effective Doge is gonna be because even just them tweeting about overspending and stuff called everybody to panic. Nobody wants to be on the wrong side of this. So yeah, the, the Democrats fell in line. They, they kept the debt ceiling up. And I understand the whole purpose of the debt ceiling was not spend, spend, spend is like you're gonna have to spend money to make all the corrections from the overspending. That part the American people get.


Let's face it, after night with drinks. I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. Hey, I gotta be honest with myself, right? It feels like I have to choose between having a great night or a great next day. That is until I found pre-cool ZBiotics. Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough. Next day, pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference the next day. For example, after a fun night out with friends at like a local bar or wherever we go, I could still get up the next morning and hit the gym. And I'll admit I was skeptical at first, but I tried it at a dinner party with some friends. The next morning I felt great, ready to tackle the day, ready to do more videos. Here at the Midas Touch Network. I kept hearing about pre-cool and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I get the Hype. Plus with their GMO technology, Zbiotics is continuing to create probiotics that tackle the challenges of modern living. Go to Zbiotics dot com slash Midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use code Midas at checkout, ZBiotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you are unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas and use that code Midas. It's M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off.


And finally, you had this Magar Republican Mark Alford give this night before Christmas rhyme. Here, play this clip. Mr. Speaker was five days before Christmas and all through this house, not a lawmaker, was resting. Not even their spouse. The CR was stalled. The debates full of heat while a shutdown shadow loomed over our streets. My friends, it's time to fund our defense and aid for our farms and disaster relief to protect our very own citizens from harm.


Our farmers work hard. They deserve every chance to grow and to prosper, advance and enhance. Mr. Speaker, this Christmas. This Christmas, let's give we the people, their due, a funded government from leaders who are true. So as we vote on this cr, let's keep this in sight. America first and to all a good night. And I yield back. Let me just, I dunno what the hell that was. Just let, let me say this though. This is one of the things I point out about Donald Trump over and over again. He goes, and he makes these demands.


I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna do that. And then he folds. It's a constant behavior in his pathology. It's all bluster. It's all bravado. He's not a competent operator. He was just exposed again right here as all bluster, all bravado. I'll do a whole other hot take on that. But he said, I'm not gonna support this unless you extend the debt ceiling limit, expand it. That didn't happen. And he still, and he supports it. What does that tell you about? He got nothing that he wanted in this the way hit, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million. Thank you for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.