
It's turn time. And with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 plus in President elect states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non-controllable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply, including token expiration and max wager amount. C terms is sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Magar Republicans are not exactly coping well with their massive defeat in Wisconsin for the vacant Supreme Court seat, as we called the race last night, judge Susan Crawford, the Democratic aligned pro-democracy candidate, went on to defeat the MAGA Doge candidate Brad Shimmel, who was propped up. Shimmel was by tens of millions of MAGA Musk Doge money and the entire MAGA machinery, the pro-democracy candidate, judge Crawford, a Law and Order no nonsense judge, a former prosecutor went on to win that critical race in the vacant Supreme Court seat, tipping the scales of the Supreme Court so that the Democrats will have control of the Wisconsin Supreme Court.


And it's a critical victory because as I mentioned before, the gerrymandering cases before the court, that the MAGA Republicans trying to unlawfully gerrymandering Wisconsin will be as such that now you'll have, I Think, a accurate map in Wisconsin, a real map, what it always should be. And I Think that will also mean less seats for the MAGA Republican Congress members. So the MAGA Republicans trying to justify this loss after pouring all of their resources. And it's clearly a repudiation of Trump and Musk and Doge, but they're refusing to admit that.


So they brought on CNN maga Republican former governor of Wisconsin, Scott Walker, who's just been an absolute disaster. And so he tries to say, this isn't about Musk, it's not about his money. Can we talk about George Soros and JD Pritzker and Reid Hoffman? And it's like, what are you talking about? Those people didn't give anywhere near what the money that Elon Musk was doing. Elon Musk was handing out million dollar checks to people and telling people, if you post photos of yourselves next to voting locations, but don't get too close because it may be illegal that he would give you, just give you $20 or a hundred dollars or whatever.


Many people talking about how Musk's voting pay for play scheme itself could potentially be criminal. Here's a Scott Walker on CNN. Watch this. So do you think that was compelling? I Think it's an interesting tactic. It's a little salinsky in the sense that you've got George Soros and JD Pritzker and Rick Reid Hoffman and all these billionaires who've spent far more than must did in this and now pointing and say, well, wait a minute, he, I don't think they spent on this. They didn't. Well, collectively, Musk, if you look at all the money from outside, that was given to her. Again, 77% of it came from outta state. Only 15% came from Shimmel. And collectively a number of the analysis. I'm just saying like in terms of the money from jp Oh, individually JP Pritzker.


If you look at the whole outside money that came from out of the state, it's clearly, But you don't think it was a referendum on Musk at all though? Oh, I Think it had a part of it. I Think a lot of different issues. I, I Think if Then you had all of the kind of right wing panelists like Jennings on CNN and you know, he's like, you know, actually I Think the Shimmel campaign was really underfunded and you know, I Think Elon Musk helped out. I Think Elon Musk gave this a boost. That's what happened. That's what the MAGA Republicans and their propaganda mouthpieces like Scott Jennings are saying right now, here, Play this clip. Scott, do You think this in Wisconsin was referendum on Musk?


Well, I Could look at it from another direction. I Think the Shimel campaign was really struggling both financially and just in terms of traction before Musk got involved. He may have actually, you know, given whatever boost he had late, but, but it didn't solve for the issue that the Republicans have, which is these low propensity voters and trying to get them to turn out for things that are not Donald Trump. You heard Elon Musk, I Think, correctly try to tie a vote in the Supreme Court race to much larger, you know, macro political issues, but it wasn't enough. And so that, that is, that is an equation the Republicans have to solve for. I don't think it's gonna be an issue in 28, but look, you got a midterm between now and then.


It will be an issue in these midterms. And that's something the party strategists are gonna have to deal with. And you Had other ma republicans on the panels last night saying, you know, the issue really was that this was a low turnout election and because Republicans are the working class party now, you need to have more people turn out. Well, you're not the working class, you're the party of the oligarchs. What are you talking about? Also, as it was pointed out in this clip, it was a high turnout election. How do you know a MAGA Republican's lying? They open up their mouth, play the clip. Definitely. Wait, you know what else matter? What else matters? Turnout patterns. Democrats today are the party of the hyper educated and the, and the elites and the, and the wealthy.


They turn out more in small turnout elections. It's just a fact that Republicans are a working class party now. We need massive turnout to win. It flips political conventional wisdom on its head, but that's why we're the turnout was high tonight. We're gonna, we're gonna in Wisconsin's, but I, I know what you're saying. Wisconsin turnout is typically better than most places, right? But it still was a spring election. It's still not presidential level turnout. Now, I'll show you Brad Shiels concession speech. The mood was grim and sober. Brad Shimmel and his concession speech did not talk about psychologically torturing eight year olds. That's one of his kind of main talking points when he was going around the state. He talks about I psychologically tortured my 8-year-old daughter, but here he is, conceding Play this clip around Too bad and we're not gonna pull this off.


So thank you guys from the bottom of my heart. Thank you. Bye-bye, Brad. Bye-bye. You know, Brad Shimmel dressed up as Donald Trump for Halloween. Brad Shimel would go to those MAGA boat parties with like Trump t-shirts and be like, I love two things. Jesus and Donald Trump. Ridiculous. He was literally the Doge puppet, like this guy would've destroyed Wisconsin. So it's fortunate, the pro-democracy can that went, here's another clip of, of Shimmel concession Play this clip. So when I set out on his journey, it wasn't what I wanted to do.


I mean, all of, you've heard me say this a thousand times, I didn't want to do this, but I knew it was important and I knew I had to put my all in. Now, let me take you inside the room of Judge Susan Crawford. The mood there, of course, happy, relieved, excited the fact that Democra a big win for democracy there. And a big win, by the way, for Judge Susan Crawford. And as she said, this was about the richest man in the world, this oligarch Elon Musk trying to buy the Supreme Court for all other oligarchs. And she goes, we won. Play this clip.


Someone who watches out for people. But I've gotta tell you, as a little girl growing up in Chippewa Falls, I never could have imagined that I'd be taking on the richest man in the world for justice in Wisconsin. And we won Here, judge Susan Crawford talks about how Wisconsin fended off this massive attack against democracy from these fascist forces Play this clip.


So today, Wisconsinites fend off an unprecedented attack on our democracy. Yeah, That's right. Our Fair elections and our Supreme Court and Wisconsin's stood up and said loudly that Justice does not have a price. Our courts are not for sale.


You know what's harder than deciding what to watch at night, figuring out what to cook for dinner. You waste time scrolling through recipes, debating if you have all the ingredients. And before you know it, you've given up and made Ramen again. That's why I love Home Chef. They take all the stress outta meal planning by delivering fresh ingredients and chef design recipes straight to your door. And I'm telling you, the quality is unmatched. Users of leading meal kits have rated Home Chef number one in quality, convenience, value, taste, and recipes. Whether you want classic meal kits, 30 minute recipes, oven ready options, or quick five ingredient meals. Home Chef has you covered. They offer over 30 options a week, so you'll never get bored. And the best part, it actually saves money. Home Chef customers save an average of $86 per month on groceries for a limited time Home Chef is offering my listeners 18 free meals plus free dessert for life and of course, free shipping on your first box. Just go to Home Chef dot com slash midas, that's Home Chef dot com slash midas for 18. Free meals and free Dessert for Life must be an active subscriber to receive free dessert.


And then throughout the day as well. I guess the talking point that the MAGA Republicans get, you know, they get their, they get their talking points. Representative Brian Steele says, you know, well, you're talking about Elon and I don't know why I do that voice. That's, he sounds nothing like that. But he, he goes, he goes, could we talk about Soros please? 'cause Soros is the one who poured millions of dollars in, and it's like, there's no comparison to what Musk is doing than what other random liberal wealthy people are doing. Like Musk is in a whole other league. Like, what are you talking about? And Musk went there. He wore the, he wore the, he wore the, he wore the cheese on us.


He wore a cheese head in Green Bay here first Play this clip of Brian Steele, But it shouldn't be lost on your viewers that George Soros has poured millions of dollars in. And the Democratic governor of Illinois, the state to the south of Wisconsin, has also poured millions in why? Because the left wants to drive forward a radical agenda. And the state of Wisconsin we're concerned about parental rights, school choice, voter integrity. And that is why in Wisconsin, we're working so hard to get Brad Shimmel on the court. I looked at the numbers when it comes to George Soros, he's donated $2 million to the Wisconsin State Democratic Party. This cycle, just by comparison, you're looking at $19 million more than $19 million for Elon Musk and affiliated groups is why I asked specifically about that.


This was literally, this was literally Elon Musk over the weekend wearing the cheesehead Play this clip. Oh, can I play the, can I play this for you, Rachel Maddow? I liked the way we called the last night on the Midas Touch Network. As soon as the election was, the results were, and we, we were able to call it thanks to Decision headquarters as well. But Rachel Maddow did a great call. This was the moment that Judge Susan Crawford won on Maddow hat tip to Rachel Maddow, which is so great. Play this clip, Brad Shimmel, that is included Elon Musk pouring tens of millions of dollars into this race on behalf of Shimmel and also giving out million dollar checks to voters.


Well, here's where we are as of this hour. Here is our latest results. NBC News, right this moment is projecting a winner in the Wisconsin Supreme Court race NBC news projects at this hour that Susan Crawford is the projected winner in the Wisconsin Supreme Court race. This is a remarkable, remarkable outcome. We've got just 47% of the vote in. But you see that is a, that, that is what appears what appeared to me before we got the call to be a clear lead for Susan. And, you know, a big day for Democrats overall. I Think a big day for democratic leader in the House.


Hakeem Jeffries, if this keeps up, I Think you're gonna be seeing Democratic Speaker of the House, Hakeem Jeffries very soon here he was on Lawrence O'Donnell. And, and by the way, I'm still a big, I'm a big Lawrence O'Donnell fan. It's good to have even people like Lawrence on M-S-N-B-C, he's one of the good ones, Play this clip. It's Time for them to walk away from this unelected, unpopular, unhinged and un-American billionaire puppet master Elon Musk was just rejected decisively by the voters of Wisconsin. He tried to spend his unlimited resources to buy a state supreme court seat in Wisconsin, and it failed spectacularly.


The voters rejected Donald Trump. They rejected Elon Musk and they rejected the rapidly deteriorating Republican brand. And here is Hakeem Jeffries again. Let's play it One point Lawrence, that should have my Republican colleagues quaking in their boots in the Florida six race, which was a Trump plus 30 district where the margin was cut in half and we'll see where it ultimately lands. But we know at minimum it was cut in half to around 15 or 16 points. There are 60 Republicans in the House of Representatives who currently represent districts where Trump did worse than 15 or 16 points.


And every single one of those districts, there's now a target on the backs of those House Republicans. As our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski explains, Elon Musk wore the cheese head hat in Wisconsin. He spent $20 million. He paid people to sign petitions. He paid people to canvas, canvas, he did million dollar giveaways, a rally TV interviews. But I guess people in Wisconsin didn't appreciate an oligarch trying to buy their civil liberties. I guess not. Remember what Elon Musk said that this election will determine the fate of humanity in Wisconsin while buy while trying to buy the election?


Well, here's the clip, just to remind you, let's play it. It's just how important it is. They think it, it's, well, it's just, you know, some kind of judicial thing that's not that important. But it actually, what they're doing, what what's happening on Tuesday is a vote for the, the which party controls the us how House of Representatives. That is why it is so, so significant. And whichever party controls the house, you know, it, it, it to a significant degree controls the country, which then steers the course of Western civilization. So it's like, I, I feel like this is one of those things that, that may not seem that it's gonna affect the entire destiny of humanity, but I Think it will.


No pressure. Yeah. Or, or then Elon went on Hannity and talked about humanity dying here, Play this clip. Humanity is dying. The last clip I'm gonna show you though, I Think is also showing you who this Trump regime really is. And you have Steven Miller here giving you his view about what a judicial system should look like. In other words, no judicial system is how he feels about it. He goes, what are you gonna do? You're gonna give these people who are accusing of crimes trials with communist judges, you're gonna expect that they all do tri they do trials with communism judges, Stephen Miller arguing. There's something called due process.


There's due process in the United States of America. That's what we do. We give people process if they're bad, the law that we should impose law and order to the fullest extent possible. But I don't want Donald Trump saying, oh, you, I Think you are a gang member. You are a gang member. You are this, you go to concentration. And I said, I thought our system, Steven, if you like systems like that, go to Russia, go to North Korea, go to those systems. Here's Steven Miller, let's Plate in this country. And now they say they have the temerity to say that every single invader that Joe Biden let in should get their own individual judicial trial before the deported one at a time.


Each one gets a million dollar trial in front of the communist judge to decide whether or not we can send them home. How about hell no? How about we pick them up and we get them outta this country so they can't hurt anyone else? Well, there you have it folks, let me know what you think. Goodnight for democracy. And as you heard, by the way, what Hakeem Jeffrey said, even though the Democrats didn't win in Florida's sixth and Florida's first, those were plus 30, plus 33 Trump districts. The gap was narrowed by like 20 points. It's too bad the Democratic candidates didn't win there. It was close, it was close races and it in in areas that should never be close.


The tide is turning. The tide is turning. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do midas touch.com all 100% USA Union made.