
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me. Chuck's, GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets If you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is knowledgeable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Sometimes being a disruptor causes pain and pain is good. That's what the magar Republicans are using as their talking points. Now, as Donald Trump's approval is plummeting, they are praising the pain that Trump is inflicting upon the nation. How do you know you are in a cult? Maybe because you're saying things like this. So you had magar Republican congress member Mauser, he goes on CNN and he goes, pain, pain, pain is good. What to your play this clip The next presidency? Because we believe in the plan of the presidents, And that is to strengthen our national security, strengthen our economy.


And sometimes dis dis being a disruptor causes some short term fallbacks, some short, some short term, you know, setbacks. But nevertheless, that is not an indicator of long-term prosperity. And we believe in the end, you know, it's not about how you start, it's how you finish. And we think the markets are coming back and the results in the end are gonna be very strong Still. A and just so you see this is like part of their talking points. And it's not unique to that MAGA Republican Congress member. You've got MAGA Republican congress member Ryan Zink, and he's like, yeah, and he's, he's from Montana's first congressional district.


And he's like, yeah, you know, Donald Trump's doing shotgun policy and you know, he, he shoots from the hip, he shoots from the hip. But you know, we deserve it Here, play this clip. The economy is fickle. You know, the economy, you know, people are hurting and people are hurting in Montana and tariffs, you know, do you Think the tariffs, the trade war that he's launched against so many countries around the world is a disaster? I wouldn't say a disaster. President Trump has a tendency to do the shotgun, but he also looks, looks for the deal. You know, I am more of a, a surgical form of seal Team six. I like the surgical, you know, hit where rather than the broad shotgun. I mean, how are these people real?


This they're maga I guess Here's maga Republican Congress member Jason Smith and Jason Smith goes on CNBC. It should be a friendly audience for him. And they go, look, we've looked at your budget. Like you're clearly gonna be increasing the deficit by a lot of money. So what are you doing here? You, you said you were gonna reduce the deficit. Watch MAGA Republican Congress member Jason Smith crumble in the most basic question play this clip Is that there's not going to be pay force for these things if it expands the deficit. And she said yes, she believes that's the case. Is that what you see it as as well?


There's absolutely going to be provisions that eliminate bad tax policy and replacing it with better tax policy. We did that in 2017. We're gonna do it throughout this process, but It expand the deficit. We're gonna a lot of different loopholes. Will it expand the deficit? It will. The house budget version is much different than the Senate B budget version. And in fact, we are going to expand the growth in the economy. And that's the key. If you look at the revenues coming into our country right now, under the current Trump tax cuts that are current policy, current law, GDP towards revenue is 17.2%.


If you look at over the last 50 years, it has averaged 17%. We are going to maintain and grow that. So you know what they're saying? They're like Trump's policies, his tariffs, they're working so well that we're gonna get so rich. You know, those Trump gold cards, they're gonna make everybody so, so wealthy that that's how we're going to make up for the huge deficit, the trillions that we're going to add. Do you remember, I think it was even during the campaign where all of the economists were saying under Donald Trump's plan, all the top economists, like in the world, in the country, said under Donald Trump's plan, it would add like 15 trillion.


It's like 10, 10 trillion, 15 on the high end, five on the low end or something, some numbers like that. Remember I was like, nah, it's gonna be like 30 trillion. It's gonna be like 40 trillion. Just take the number, multiply it by the worst case scenario and you get Donald Trump. Now look, one of the things that the Magar Republicans are doing is they're bringing these like fake experts or these so-called experts who to Congress. And they're just getting ripped to shreds also by, by Democrats. So the MAGA Republicans brought in recently these manufacturing and industrial experts to try to say, Donald Trump's policies are making America great, like we are making so much money.


So then democratic Congress members like Roanna were like, okay, should we talk about tariffs? Because you haven't mentioned that once. So what's your view on tariffs? And then Congress member Kahan is like, I'm not asking you a trick question here. What's just, what's your view? And then the, like, Trump, maga economist experts, all of these people, you know, in different, there have been different times. We're like, we're not here to talk about that here, play this clip. So the three Republican witnesses come to a hearing on industrial policy and none of 'em mentioned the word tariff, not a single one. And yet all Donald Trump is doing is tariff policy when the three Republican witnesses are re re recommending a hundred different things other than tariff policy.


Mr. Bishop, do you agree with Donald Trump's tariff policy? I I'm not here as an economic expert. You're all saying you're not here as an economic expert, and yet you're giving us all these recommendations for how we build an industrial base. Is it that you don't have any expertise And we should just pick up any random citizen? Or do you have, are you here as some economic expertise on industrial policy? Is that for me? Yes. Oh, sorry. I I misspoke on this. I mean, on tariffs, this is just not one of the, I mean, like these guys as well, we're focused on building companies here, but I, I don't understand how, and there is, we don't have a, the, the, the president of the United States is saying the way to build manufacturing is to have these tariff policies.


You are here to testify on manufacturing how we're gonna build it. And you're telling me you don't have an opinion on whether the Trump tariff policy is successful or not. We're here to represent private industry people who are actually building companies, not people who are theoretical. This is not a theoretical matter. He's implemented tariffs. I'm not even trying to trick you. I'm saying do you agree with all his tariff policies or do you disagree with them? Or are you so afraid that you don't know what to say? I think all of us have been really clear. We're we're here to, this is not what we're here to talk about. Here's Congress, democratic Congress, member Frost play this clip. But I also have to bring up something that one of my colleagues, representative Khanna had brought up and has to do with the tariffs policy.


And while advanced manufacturing create jobs, that number of jobs will pale in comparison to the negative impact of Trump's tariffs. Tariffs are attacks on all consumers. They put the heaviest burden of that tax on middle and working class Americans, you're shaking your head no. One of the witness is shaking his head no, but I I, we, we just went through this and you all conceded that you know nothing about tariffs and have nothing to say about it. Here's a OC play this clip workup We heard just recently with Congressman Trahans amendment, that we don't need any of these amendments to take our word, that the word has been given, that Medicaid is gonna be protected to that, to trust us that no one is gonna be affected by this.


But as a woman, the word was given to me that my rights would not be taken away by the Supreme Court. And that wasn't true as an American, the word was given that our, you know, our First Amendment protections would be in place for everyone, including green card holders and people who are lawfully here in this country. That didn't end up to be true.


My cat is part of the family plain and simple. So I want them to have the best food that money can buy. And I didn't realize that for years the cat food that I was buying had questionable ingredients. This podcast is sponsored by Smalls. Now, if you're a listener of the show, you know that my cat cannot live without Smalls. To get 50% off your first order PLUS free shipping, head to Smalls dot com and use promo code Midas Smalls. Cat food is protein packed recipes made with preservative free ingredients that you'd find in your fridge, and it's delivered right to your door. That's why cats.com name Smalls their best overall cat food. My cat's favorite flavor is Smooth Fish. And my cats prefer Smalls way more than their previous cat food. I legitimately did a taste test, put two bowls side by side, and they immediately went to Smalls. Since making the switch to Smalls, my cat has had fewer hair balls, more balanced energy, a healthier weight, a softer and shinier fur coat, and a less stinky litter box that's big. Still not a believer in Smalls. While New York Magazine called Smalls the best cat food, according to veterinarians. While Buzzfeed said my cats went completely ballistic for this stuff, my cat's breath is much better and their fur is much softer Ever since I switched to Smalls. Smalls also has a bunch of amazing treats and snacks that you can add to your order. And after switching to Smalls, 88% of cat owners reported overall health improvements. That's a big deal. Do you have a picky cat? Well, Smalls has a sampler so that your cat can try everything Smalls has to offer. And the team at Smalls is so confident that your cat will love their product, that you can try it risk free. That means they will refund you if your cat won't eat their food. What are you waiting for? Give your cat the food they deserve. Head to Smalls dot com and use promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 50% off your first order PLUS free shipping. That's the best offer that you'll find. But you have to use MyCode Midas for 50% off your first order one last time. That's promo code Midas for 50% off your first order, PLUS free shipping.


You know, and one of the things too that these magos do or the party of free speech. Free speech, no, they're like the opposite. Obviously we know that. I mean, they wanna shut down universities, they wanna shut down the media. They wanna shut the opposite of free speech. But everything with them is like Orwellian dystopian. Orwell would be like, what? So when Democratic Congress member Swalwell confronts Congress member Higgins, because Congress member Higgins, Higgins said that we need to arrest, quote hundreds more judges need to be arrested. Congress member SW says, which ones like, which judges are you saying need to be thrown in Gulags to use your words, Congress member Higgins, watch this.


Thank you Mr. Chairman. I wanted to give Mr. Higgins the opportunity because I mentioned him earlier and he wasn't here. He tweeted yesterday that we should arrest a hundred more judges. Arrogant, elitist, black robes have been raping our core principles for decade. If the DOJ needs a list, I have it. I'm willing to yield to Mr. Higgins. If you could tell us who those 100 judges are and why they should be arrested. Yeah, we're here, Mr. Swalwell, to address this amendment and this bill. We're not gonna have a back and forth colloquy today, so I'm not gonna allow that question. You have four minutes and 30 seconds.


And do you see that? That the MAGA Republican Congress member green's like, we're not gonna allow those types of questions. You can't ask questions. And finally, democratic Congress member Eric Swalwell iss like, well then what are we doing here? Like, what's the point of this? Like what, why are we here at all? Play this Clip. We're 100 days in to this administration and the president promised he would lower prices on day one. Donald Trump is owe for a hundred, he's owe for 100. Prices are not going down.


They're going up. The Trump tariff tax is raising prices on the four out of five items in every American's Walmart shopping cart, your 4 0 1 Ks, they're 2 0 1 Ks. That's the Trump slump. Americans were anxious about the economy when they voted last November. They wanted their costs to go down. They didn't want the chaos to go up. So what are we doing here? What are we doing here? What in this hearing achieves lowering costs for the American people?


You know how far you have deviated from lowering the costs for American people? This is where you are today. You will make it easier to deport more American citizen children with cancer. Answer. Think about that. Today's vote will make it easier for the president to deport more American children with cancer. That makes me sick. I have a 7-year-old, a 6-year-old, and a 3-year-old.


You don't have to be a parent to understand how cruel this is, that in the last two weeks, a 4-year-old was separated from his father, a US citizen, and deported with his mother while he was suffering stage four cancer, an undergoing cancer treatment. That's where we're at right now. By the way, I interviewed yesterday, democratic leader, Hakeem Jeffries, one of my favorite parts of the interview. He said, what I think I've always wanted here Democrats saying, which is, Trump needs to be Trump's cognitive, ain't there?


Trump ain't thinking. Right? Like, how are all these MAGA Republicans and media talking about former President Biden when we see Trump Every day? And it's so obvious that he's unfit to be anywhere near the Oval Office. Hat tipped Democratic leader, Jefferies for this one play, this clip. Donald Trump spent the last year and a half questioning the cognitive ability of President Joe Biden, notwithstanding many of the legislative accomplishments that Donald Trump could only wish he got over the finish line. And so I think it's fair that a lot of Americans across the country that I run into are questioning whether Donald Trump is actually fit at this point to be able to carry out the duties of the United States of America in terms of being the president and the commander in chief.


And finally, here's Democratic Congress. Member Kassar play it. Trump has created a government by and for the billionaires. And if anyone ever doubted that Trump and Musk and Bezos and the billionaires are all at one team, just look at what happened at Amazon today. Bezos immediately caved and walked back a plan to tell Americans how much Trump's tariffs are costing them. Bezos, who spent $40 million on Melania Trump's documentary, wants big tax cuts and sweetheart deals much more than he wants to represent the American people. The message to our, I mean, and you saw what went down yesterday, right?


Amazon was gonna post on its website how their products were impacted by the tariffs transparency, right? So the consumers would know, why is my product going up 20, 30, 50 x? Or I mean percent, $10, $30, $50? Why is it, why is it so much more money? And then Donald Trump calls Bezos and says, Donald Trump admits to this, shut it down. And then Bezos to protect his tax cuts or whatever, his oligarchy removes the tariffs from the website. Oh, I mean, it just re re removes it. And so what Now we're just gonna hide it. Stop the testing. If you don't test, you don't get the disease. That's not the way it works. The tariffs are still gonna cripple.


They're just in coverup mode, so pathetic. Anyway, let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Democrats fighting back A. The truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at store. Do Midas touch.com all 100%. USA Union made


What's standing between you and your first sale on Shopify time, expertise, resources. What If you could multiply all three product descriptions? Done? Store insights delivered 2:00 AM customer questions handled instantly. Entrepreneurs on Shopify are reaching their first sale faster with AI that works with you. Go to Shopify dot com slash first sale to see how entrepreneurs use AI to grow their businesses faster. That's Shopify dot com slash first sale.