
How do you feel Great on vacation, like really good, easy. You go to Aruba, you'll spend your time relaxing on cool white sand beaches and floating in healing blue water. You'll immerse yourself in natural wonder and find your center on an island where things move at your speed. You won't just feel great, you'll feel relaxed, renewed, and ready for life. That's the Aruba Effect. Plan your trip@aruba.com.


Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc license 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open, Door brokerage. LLC and its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libson ads, go to lipsy ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com.


Today, I'm looking for fighters right now. I. wanna know which Democrats are gonna be on the front lines, pushing back against this MAGA nonsense. I'll tell you who people like Democratic Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett. Let's take a look at what she said at a hearing yesterday that was titled Oversight of fema, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, which the MAGA Republicans were using to try to attack FEMA and spread conspiracy theories. Here, watch this, play the clip. It's my understanding, oh, I'm sorry. You're right, that over 671,000 households impacted by a hurricane Helene have received over $503 million from FEMA's Serious Needs Program, and over 218,000 households impacted by Hurricane Milton have received over $145 million yet, and still, we had members on this committee, it looks like we had, there were 82 members that opposed the bill to fund when we knew that this was coming thanks to Noah.


And 19 of the 26 Republicans on this oversight committee voted against the bill to keep FEMA funded, and nine are in states that were directly hit. I don't understand why we come in and pretend that we have all these issues with your agency, and I thank you for your service when you don't want to fund it. Next up, we have Democratic Congresswoman Ramirez from Illinois' Third Congressional District. He or she is calling out some of the Magar Republicans who sit on this committee with her saying like, you all are trying to find jobs in the federal government working for Donald Trump, your dear leader, but you hate the federal government. I mean, what are you talking about here?


Play this clip for it. In another post you say, we should destroy the federal government and that the federal government is the enemy. I find that odd considering you were once a federal employee and you've been begging to come back into the incoming Trump administration for a new job. Lastly, you posted that the federal government is the epicenter of pedophilia and outright falsehood with perhaps the exception of Trump's stellar attorney general pick. Next up, we have Democratic congresswoman, a OC. Here. She's talking to the FEMA administrator who's one of the witnesses who the MAGA call to attack.


And here a OC is debunking all of Trump and Mag's lies about FEMA play this clip, Another one that I also saw very widely circulated that FEMA did not have enough money to provide relief services because that allocation of funds went to either undocumented immigrants aid to Ukraine or even aid to the Israeli government. Is that correct? That FEMA's funds were allocated away to those causes? Completely inaccurate, completely false on the record. Completely false, correct? Correct. Here is A OC again, from that same committee hearing, let's play it.


I'd previously served several terms on the financial services committee, which also has jurisdiction over the authorizations around the National Flood Insurance Program. And a lot of people don't know that the maps for the NFIP and what is considered a flood zone or not are tied to flood maps from before the federal government even acknowledged that climate change is real. And so we are allocating flood insurance from before these areas became flood zones that are now flood zones. And so historically there's been a great deal of Republican resistance to updating these maps. My hope is that we can do that. Now, Meanwhile, Donald Trump and the other Oompa luas, were at a SpaceX event with the co-president, Elon Musk I mean, just take a look.


This is what MAGA Republican congress members were doing. Marjorie Taylor Green stayed back in Washington DC and here she talks about doing a purge and she talks about a purge coming to Washington DC Here, listen to this. Let's play it You, Mr. Chairman. While Democrats are complaining about this lengthy hearing and about President Trump coming in and slashing and reducing the size of government, I just wanna say, let the purge begin. Because there's people that are homeless right now in Western North Carolina, Eastern Tennessee, Georgia, and it's not, it Misinformation is not the most dangerous thing facing us. It's, it's right now pretty much the federal government and the failure to the American people.


Our friend of the show, Raja Krista Mothy from Illinois here, he talks about, again, more debunking of all of the Magis. He's he's he's great in these committee hearings, Congress member Christian Mor, you play this clip. Good. It's an atmospheric research facility in Alaska that, believe it or not, conspiracy theorists alleges mi a mind controlling weather machine. And one of the conspiracy theories out there is that somehow FEMA controls the weather. And I assume that you as the administrator, do not control the weather. Right? I do not control the weather. And you don't use secret machines to control hurricanes to target certain places in the United States, right?


Correct. And you and your team did not direct severe weather at North Carolina to quote unquote commandeer Lithium mine property in that state. Right? Why Would anybody want to bring harm to the American people? And you would not direct severe weather to target any one of a particular political party, right? Never. You're not establishing FEMA camps to detain individuals or enact martial law, right? Correct. These are all conspiracy theories that you've had to deal with.


Need a break from the crowded stores and endless gift lists this holiday season? Restore your Zen and embrace the natural power of cannabis with Via. Whether you're having a cozy night in or joining the festive celebrations, vias premium, THC and THC free gummies can help you find that perfect holiday balance. Via is known for its award-winning THC and THC, free Gummies Vapes, THCA Flour, soothing Topicals and Calming Drops, all crafted with high quality hemps sourced from trusted independently owned American Farms, and the best part via Legally Ships to nearly all US states in discreet packaging directly to your door with a worry-free guarantee. No medical card required. I've been using vias gummies and they've been amazing for unwinding after a long day. The balance between relaxation and focus has been perfect, and it's so refreshing to know I'm using a product that's organic, vegan and crafted with care. The Dreams Sleep gummies really have been a game changer to help me unwind after a chaotic day with Via, you're Unlocking the Power of nature. They're the only lifestyle hemp brand that combines hemp with active plant extracts for targeted effects from better sleep and boosted mood to products for focus or relaxation. They've got something for everyone. Plus they offer a range of THC levels. So whether you're looking for a mild microdose or a stronger effect, they've got you covered this holiday season. Gift yourself some peace of mind if you're 21 or over, check out the link to Via in our description and use the code Midas MEIDAS to receive 15% off. After you purchase, they'll ask where you heard about them, please support our show and tell them we sent you enhance your every day with via this holiday season.


Then you've got Mago Republican Congress member Burleson, and he talks about how he's excited for Elon Musk to work in a fake agency called Doge, because he says that Washington DC needs an enema. An enema, they say, so everybody, all the federal employees will get enemas from Elon Musk and a fake agency called Doge Play this clip. And I can't wait for Doge, the Department of Government Efficiency, to get in under the next administration and start making this government work more efficiently. Because this town does need a perch.


This town needs an enema. And honestly, I can't wait. Democratic Congresswoman Stansberry, she's from the great state of New Mexico here. She talks about something that should be a very basic principle, which is that we should not use people as props and pawns in political games. That the goal of emergency relief is to provide emergency relief and not do what Trump and the mags want to do. Play this clip And absolutely under no condition should politics be the reason why someone is denied basic dignity, access to emergency resources and comedy by our colleagues, whether that's emergency aid in their homes or access to the bathroom here in the Capitol.


Oh, and then we have Lauren Bobert right here questioning the FEMA administrator. Take a watch at so pathetic play this clip. So when Elon Musk is furious that he can't get starlink delivered to folks, when I have Congressman Corey Mills, who has to deploy a mission team to bring 26 systems of starlink to those who are suffering, when the missing missing persons list is 1500 people before starlink is brought to them by a sitting member of Congress, not by fema, and that that number goes down to 600. Once communication is able to begin, when a member of Congress has to bring 23,000 pounds of supplies, when Elon Musk is saying, we wanna get internet, we wanna get connectivity and communication to citizens, we want to bring supplies, and yet FEMA is blocking supplies, FEMA is seizing supplies.


When I have a senior high school student from Rifle, Colorado, Cody Wyatt, who is driving across country to get supplies because FEMA hasn't been seen in 11 days in North Carolina or in in Pensa in Pensacola, Florida, when they aren't present, can citizens help? Or is FEMA going to continue to block private citizens and refuse to help those based on their political affiliation? FEMA has never blocked any assistance from moving around any of the states that were impacted. In fact, when Mr. Musk released that statement, we had over 70 starlink satellite terminals in and around North Carolina, exceeding what he Said for 11 days, Congressman Cory Mills did not see a single FEMA representative or truck.


And I have witnesses as well in, in Florida who did not see any help from FEMA for days I would like there to be, we Were the ground before the disaster started. We'll see in your investigation, see in my testimony, We'll see in your investigation, I have details if it's ever released, Have details in my testimony, my written testimony that shows our exact response. You can read the details there Before I recognize Mr. Burson member Elsewhere on Capitol Hill, you have Senator Lisa Murkowski, a Republican from Alaska, saying that the Senate is not going to forfeit their advice of their advice and consent function whereby they hold hearings regarding Donald Trump's nominees.


In other words, that it's not just that they're, at least she's not just gonna let Donald Trump do recess appointees here, play this clip. I would like to see our committees do their full job. I don't, I'm not interested in a process that would just say, well, because the president has named him and you have Republican chairs coming into the new Congress, we just move people out. There needs to be legitimate vetting. When I say legitimate I mean just thorough vetting, but the committees do. This is our job, but Don't, I'm gonna do a whole other video on this one right here. But the Ma Republicans led by Nancy May spent most of the last 48 hours attacking their colleague, Congresswoman McBride.


She's from the at large district in Delaware. Congresswoman McBride is the first trans woman in Congress. So naturally, the MAGA Republicans want to bully Congresswoman McBride and make her work environment just entirely impossible. That's how the Mago Republicans are spending their time bullying a, a colleague and a coworker play this clip. One thing I know the left will say in response to what you just said is, well, it's horrific that you were subjected to any abuse or assault any of it. But are, are you intimating that this new congressman elect would somehow assault you in the bathroom?


That would be the argument. It's The, the idea of a man walking into a locker room where I'm changing is actually, it feels like assault. I'm a victim. I have actually, I actually, I have PTSD from the trauma that I have endured at the hands of a man, and I absolutely, I'm gonna stand in the way solidly of any guy that wants to come into our spaces. And guess what, Sarah McBride doesn't get a say in this, and I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna succumb or be silenced by bullies online or by the radical left. They lost, they lost big. And I'm gonna push back harder than ever before. It should be noted that you see how flimsy any type of like strain of logic is with these magos.


What, when Trump was in office, their policy at first was transgender people can use whatever bathroom they want, was actually what Trump said then. But now that Trump and the magos view of bullying the trans community as a winning issue, all in on bullying human beings and treating the trans community with out basic self-respect and mockery and, and, and just horrific stuff that you, that we've been hearing. Magar Republican Senator Lindsey Graham from South Carolina says the, he's asked about Matt Gates's allegations. And you know, we know that there's this very credible ethics report with very specifics about the allegations of Matt Gaetz sex trafficking children.


And for Lindsey Graham though, like many MAGA Republicans, it's like, that's just media reports. You can't listen to everything you hear on the media. That's where Lindsey Graham is going with play. This clip, These serious allegations involving sexual misconduct of Matt Gaetz, including sex with someone who's underage. Is he qualified to be attorney General? Nobody Should be disqualified because of a media report. I've already talked to him. I mean, he just said, listen, he wants a shot to be able to lay out his vision for the department and also to respond to these various allegations. And, you know, I said, Hey, the, the confirmation hearing is the place and chance to do that. In that last comment, comment from Senator Josh Holly, who spoke to Matt Gates last week.


Gates himself also called Lindsey Graham to try to talk to him as well. An effort, try to consolidate Republican support, which is soft at the moment. And tomorrow, Jake Gates, along with Vice President elected JD Vance, will be on Capitol Hill meeting with Republican senators, including Senator John Kennedy, who sits on that key Senate judiciary committee, all in effort to guide to get Republicans to fall in line, even as a number of Republicans are concerned about this nomination. James Manu, Could we just say in very clear terms, folks, that right now before our eyes, the Mago Republicans are doing everything they can to cover up child sex trafficking allegations against someone who Donald Trump appointed, nominated to be Attorney General.


Like one of the things that we should learn, repetition, repetition, repetition, repetition. You know, it's great to have great policies that help people, but you gotta repeat the stuff over and over again. You gotta say it in terms that people understand. You just gotta say it. The Magar Republicans are covering up a sex trafficking allegation against someone who's being nominated to be attorney general, sex trafficking, bad sex trafficking, children, sex. You just have to keep on saying that that's what they're doing. Republicans support the sex trafficking of children. Then if they're okay with this, that's what Republicans support. Republicans support it, gotta repeat it over and over and over again.


That's just the way it works. Repetition, repetition, repetition, repetition. Speaking of these hearings, here's Congress member Jared Moskowitz right here, and I, I, I know there's been a lot of people saying, you know, Congress member Moskowitz has been, you know, making some comments about Elise Stef and others, and, well, what's going on there? I'll just say this, you know, Congress member Moscowitz, I think still at these hearings is gonna be an important, very, very, very important asset at these hearings. And, you know, he's from Florida, so in, in a district that's a swingy type district, but you know, he, he's an advocate on these hearings for pro democracy, really is like, like this, this was him yesterday.


This is just an example. I just think we need more of this right now. We're playing this clip. And so I do wanna say one more thing. 'cause I think it's tremendously important for my colleagues across the aisle and my, my democratic colleagues, it is so important that we don't allow FEMA to become politicized and that we don't allow disaster aid to become politicized. Laser beams do not start fires in California. We cannot guide where hurricanes go. And you know what? You know who's amplifying that stuff. Foreign accounts, other countries are amplifying that stuff on social media to divide us, to divide Democrats and Republicans.


They want us fighting over disaster aid because it helps their goal. We can't participate in that. We shouldn't amplify that. Well, anyway, thanks for watching. We're always gonna keep you updated about what's going on on the hill. This is your destination. For that, folks hit subscribe. I want to get to 4 million subscribers together. Can we get there together? Hopefully. Thanks for watching. Have a wonderful day. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.