
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless. How they to get 30 30 bid? Get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020. Maybe get 50 15, 15, 15 15, just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 Upfront payment, equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees, extra beats lower above 40 gigabytes of detail.


Time to move, skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc license 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage. LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


The election is over and obviously not the results that anybody wanted. It's okay to reflect on what happened, but there is simply no time to look back right now. What is important that we here at the Midas Touch Network, that this community is on the front lines of resisting fascism, of resisting authoritarianism, of calling out the Trump administration and all of his lackies at each and every turn. And to make sure our voices, our heard, our insti, our institutions remain strong. and that is our commitment to you.


We are going nowhere, and we will be here to protect our fundamental rights, your fundamental rights. And we will not stop. We will continue on with our mission together. Let's call in Brett and Jordy right now. Brett. Jordy, good to see you here. Not the episode that I wanted to have. I did not want to be in resistance mode. I wanted to be in, let's build upon accomplishments mode, But. here we are. These are the cards that are now dealt and we have no choice but to reflect on what happened, what can improve, and how we move forward together.


And that's what we are going to do here. We've seen the importance I think of and the power of the media, of corporate media, sane washing and both sides and everything of investments, massive investments on the right wing in digital media platforms that worked on Gen Z and worked on certain communities to try to influence their voting behavior and shift voting behavior. But But, here we are, we here at the Midas Touch Network. This is not a network of the blame game or wagging our fingers. We have to learn the lessons and we have to grow Brett and Jordy.


How are you doing? Obviously not ideal, but good to see you both. Good to be here with all the Midas mighty, not, not ideal is, is one way to put it. You know these last few days have been tough, but I know it's been tough on all of you out there as well. And, and, and we share in those feelings. You know, in the past few days, I've, I've raged I've shed tears. I've been, it's been hard. It's been difficult. But You know what, I've, I've picked myself back up and I'm ready to get back in the ring and make sure that we're doing everything possible. And what we need to do now is we need to rebuild this network, rebuild this community into the strongest force possible to confront the issues that we are going to face.


We've identified the threats here over and over and over again. We have spread this message far and wide, but not far enough. And now we actually have to confront those threats head on. And so our mission from here on out is to confront that, is to actively serve as a resistance where these policies go in the bad directions that we expect them to go. And we are going to be a check on power. We are going to be unapologetic. and that is our promise. And I, by the way, I totally get those people who are like, this is, I, I I can't take it anymore. I need to take a rest. I totally understand. But whether you're taking a break now or whether you're taking a break tomorrow or if you already took a few days and you're back in action, we will always be here for you ready to fight by your side.


That is our mission. That is our promise to you. Jordy what's new? Brett said it perfectly. Ben said it perfectly. We are not going anywhere. We love this community too much. We love this country too much. And right now, this community is genuinely that. It is the best pro-democracy community out there. And so to Brett, to Brett's point, exactly, I understand. If you need a week, if you need a day, if you need a month, if you need a couple, we're going to be here for you no matter what. Because we love this country and this community. Too much to ever back away. Ben You know. Look, we've already here Donald Trump and the campaign people and, and his surrogates right now.


I mean, they're still talking about deportations. Caroline Levitt talked ab talked about mass deportations. She was Donald Trump spokesperson. Byron Donalds talked about these deportations, which Donald Trump said was going to be bloody. We're already seeing certain companies here saying that they will be pricing in Donald Trump's disastrous tariffs into their manufacturing process and into their kind of import cadence. You know Donald Trump's made a lot of promises, including, I call 'em lies. He calls 'em promises. He said that the Ukraine war would be solved on day one, even before he took office.


If he was elected. That war is still taking place today. He's made promises to everybody and lied to everybody. Whether he was saying no tax on tips, no tax on this, no tax on that, no taxes in general. You know it was the pied Piper of lying, going from community to community. You know lying, utilizing quite literally billions of dollars from billionaires through political action committees, which was You know, if you want to think about the genesis and origin of this, right? This was over a decade in the making with the Citizens United case, which allowed all of this political action, money to You know, have no limits at all.


And now we see what their vision was back then. But if you think about Fox, if you think about the Federalist Society, Leonard Leo's agenda ro the late Roger S's agenda with Fox, these things started in the seventies and there was a different vision of America than the American dream that I think people loved. And they were pushing it there and kind of in the shadows growing their influence on the courts with the Federalist Society in the media with Fox. I think we've seen in recent years, of course, billionaire oligarchs buying out all the media.


It's not liberal media anymore. It's all kind of right wing media to different degrees and variances. So there needs to be a check on that too with pro-democracy, media people powered media that's funded You know, You know here at the grassroots and built at the grassroots. So that's what we're building. It's what we're going to continue to build. And again, any type of fascist encroachment, any single day, we will make videos on it. We will call it out each and every day. Brett and Ben, I, it's, I think it's interesting that the conversation is so quickly shifted to speak about the media landscape, which is something we've been sounding the alarm on, I don't know, the entire existence of, of this network, which is us saying, listen, this is where we're at.


We have the corporate media, which sane washes, Donald Trump and has criticized President Biden and Kamala Harris, the entire administration, every single step of the way. So you have information getting out that way. Then you have the right wing MAGA media, whether it's Fox or Newsmax or OAN, whatever it is, which is pumping out pure propaganda. And then you have all of these right wing podcasts and this whole digital network that the right wing has built up thanks to billions and billions and billions of dollars. So our question this entire time has been, where's the investment in digital media from all of these people who want to actually have an outsized voice in this current environment?


Why are they ignoring this space? And we're like, hello. We've been doing it. Guess what? We have 6 billion views on the Midas Touch Network, a billion in the past 90 days alone. And we need to keep that momentum going. We need to expand to this platform and other prodemocracy platforms as well, and build out this ecosystem into something that is truly special. And I'm happy that finally the consultant class and whoever you wanna call it was like, oh, maybe we should have paid attention to this whole new growing medium that's out there. Well, welcome to the party You. know I I'm, I'm not gonna go on much more about this and criticize you for it, but welcome You know we're here. Let's do this. Let's build up a, a media empire or pro-democracy that actually gets out the truth that actually speaks to the issues on people's mind unapologetically without the sane washing, without the bs.


That's what we gotta do. One of the things that I see people doing now, which we're not gonna do here, is blame this group or pit this group against that group. That's just not, I don't think that's a productive exercise to Oh, it's their fault, it's your fault. It's, it's the, I'm not sure that's productive exercise. I think though, that the one that perhaps pisses me off the most though are people who are, it's my perspective and Brett and Jordy, you can disagree. The people who are out there attacking President Biden and saying, this was Biden's fault.


We had to dig out of Biden, Biden this, Biden that it's Biden's fault. Let's be very clear. Biden is overseeing objectively some of the best data in the history. It's objective there. There's not, it's not a, it's not debatable points when you look at certain kind of key metrics. 'cause the metrics are the metrics. They're the stats that America's GDP is the best in the world. That America's stock market set records after records after records that the Infrastructure Act built over 40,000 infrastructure projects. That unemployment, which is often a metric that if it goes very high, will take down presidents.


Our unemployment is at kind of historic low levels, and unemployment levels have been kind of consistently month over month kind of setting was like a record stretch of low unemployment. Wages are up manufacturing, boom. There's never been more oil being produced for all of the drill baby, drill, You know crowd. I mean, those are just the objective data. And the bad piece of data, of course, which you don't ignore was that inflation was high. And I say was high because objectively inflation through actual things like the Inflation Reduction Act and the Infrastructure Act went down and went down faster than any other kind of G seven Nation or any other nation in the world.


And our inflation got brought down to reasonable levels. And, and now You know under control at like 2.2%. You know, not 0% inflation, but wages growing more than what the percentage of inflation is out right now. So people have more disposable income just objectively than what the inflation was. But I mean, two percent's the Fed target, right? That's, that's, that's in a normal healthy economy, you have 2% inflation and we are just about there right now. And so You know from, from the perspective of good governance, what you always wanna, and good governance is different of course than electoral politics. And it's different than what folks feel. But from a good governance perspective, if you inherit an economy in disaster, in crisis, in chaos, from somebody who left with the worst job rec jobs record since Herbert Hoover with a global economy as well in shambles due to COVID-19.


And you come in and it continues to spike and then you get it under control and bring it down to the target levels and do it better than any country in the entire world. I mean, to me that's a big deal. Sorry to interrupt. No, well, but look, so what we're both talking about, ultimately where the failure was, because we have to acknowledge what the failures are You know, and the failure is You know. I think the, the failure within, if you will, in the sense of messaging it, explaining these things, letting the American people reflect on what a disaster it was in Covid and how President Biden literally inherited the worst economy.


The, there was no peaceful transition. There was no real transition normalcy at all where agencies talked to the incoming agency. None of that happened. There was January 6th and President Biden inherited a freaking mess. And at all stages what the GOP and MAGA particularly did very well. They were on message every day kind of just attack, attack, attack, attack. Every issue, no matter what it was, train derailment in East Palestine, You know a coordinated effort online to try to do a run on banks, You know natural disasters, you name it.


Republicans were on message every day, number one, promoting Trump every single day after the insurrection. No matter what he did, no matter what he said, they were on message all the time. And then they were on message dividing the country, turning everything into a wedge issue, relentless over and over and over again over the course of that three and a half, four year period. Now we know that when the Democratic party, You know is, is motivated to do something, they could do a pretty good job messaging. 'cause they sure as hell did a great job messaging attacking President Biden and, and, and continuing to attack him who was a successful incumbent president versus spending the time I think methodically You know to explain to the American people what was happening.


and that actually these metrics were good things. I mean, if you talk about you don't think it was helpful to just a attack, your own incumbent successful president over and over and over and interesting and attacking him for things that we now know post-election that voters You know clearly don't mind. I mean age, right? That didn't matter when it came to Trump, the ability to put coherent sentences together. I mean, the reality is, is President Biden was able to do that. He did a good job. He just, he stuttered occasionally and was slower on his feet. But Donald Trump's talking about eating cats and dogs. He is doing like simulating oral sex on microphones. I mean, he's out there cognitively glitching at each and every speech.


But You know his people rallied behind him. And while they attacked Biden with those physical things and tried to be like, that's a weakness. And that's a, this democrats a lot of the kind of democrat consultant class as you refer to them, Brett, was they like joined in to like, yeah, bring down someone who was actually doing You know, a, a a a very good, not even Democrats, Republicans who align themselves with Democrats who somehow got control of the Democratic messaging mean be be as a pro-democracy community. Just really cognizant going forward about who we led into our circles, because really a lot of the uproar came from within.


And it is disgusting to see at the time it was called out at the time, But. now here we are again. And these people kind of continue to escape by and they know who they are. Well, one, and I wanna be clear though, I wanna, I, sorry, I just, I wanna be clear as well and, and just say, just say this Vice President Harris, I think ran a a fantastic campaign. Great, yes, I think she did terrific. And and I want to commend her and her entire team because they, they did an unbelievable job and they were facing incredible headwinds, including You know, just these economic headwinds that are literally a global thing. And despite the fact that the United States was literally number one in the economy, when, and if you look at that, you should be like, oh, well handling it the best in the world probably gets you something.


Things like inflation and stuff have been a global issue that have ousted incumbent administrations now across the world like a hundred percent of the time. So we have to acknowledge that. But I want to commend Vice President Harris on her campaign. Is there things that I believe that she could have done better? Yeah. Can we, Monday morning quarterback, of course we could do that. And I don't necessarily want to turn this episode entirely into a post mort, but I guess if one's gonna be one, it's gonna be this one. But, but we, we could get into that more as as well. But I wanna say she did a great job and certainly You know, not, not a good strategy to attack your own president and give lend legitimacy to these arguments on the other side that were quite frankly garbage just about all of them.


Sorry Ben, you welcome. Well, it got to the point where Vice President Kamala Harris was stuck between a rock and a hard place when she's asked a question about the economy, right? If she were to say, Hey, actually the Biden economy's doing pretty good right now when you look at all of the objective criteria, even if she did a slight variation of that because Biden's economy and omics and his infrastructure got literally almost no support from, as you say, the consultant class and all it was was attacked by the time she took over You know and was running her campaign and she was at the top of the ticket, you couldn't possibly now kind of restructure it to be like, actually I'm actually, the CHIPS act is an amazing thing actually, actually, the Infrastructure act really big deal actually, the inflation reduction and You know, and, and, and she's You know, she certainly You know, said variations of You know the economy's getting better, but there's more to do.


But frankly, here's one of the issues, and this is, I guess you'd call it a messaging issue or messenger issue maybe. But here's the thing. Democrats take nuanced positions because life is nuanced, right? I mean, I, I, I mean, issues are complicated and, and there's multiple sides to every issue. So if, if you're asked about the economy and you're like, You know it's gotten better, but You know there's more to do because we could dah, dah, dah, dah. And then the other side is using a sledgehammer on every issue, right? A sledgehammer going build the wall, bomb 'em all, worst economy ever, and just hammering those one line messages over and over and over again. And you're like, well, in fact, if you look at the analytics by Moody's and you look at the this and that, and, and while it is heading in this direction, experts say like, you've lost so much of the country at that point.


It's like chisel chiseling your talking points instead of them. And by the way, and, and by the way, it's exactly why Democrats are better at governing, right? Because they understand the nuance of these issues. But you have to figure out a way as well to, to send that to people. And you You know, like I said, I want to be emphatic about this because I think Vice President Harris ran an amazing campaign and probably couldn't have done much better. But there was You know certain opportunities, for example. And, and I'm not saying this would've changed the election because like I said, apparently there were these headwinds that were not being picked up by any of this data as well. And there was a sentiment out there, a very pro-Trump sentiment across America that we have to confront and, and we, and we really gotta deal with.


But I remember distinctly there was a moment, You know, during one of the debates where during the debate where I think it was a debate or maybe the town hall, whatever it was, vice President Harris was asked about the economy. And her answer came from a place of the economy is bad, and this is what we're going to do to dig us out of this bad economy. What I wish answers like that were, and what the messaging was, is like, listen, we inherited this disaster from Donald Trump, the wor, I remember Obama saying this when he ran, right? When, when he ran for reelection, right? We inherited the worst economy since the Great Depression. I spent the fa past four years building it back, and now our country is the best in the world.


Can we do more? Yes. But our country is number one and and I'm going to do X, Y, and Z in order to continue to improve it and continue to keep us as a global leader and ease prices up. She did, don't get me wrong, they did a version of that, but it wasn't as, they didn't offer that much of a defense of our current state. Because I think the, I I I, I've been talked to You know people have messaged me who are like You know the think tank people and say, here, here You know, we've learned that this messaging moves voters points two, three points to the right pointer. And I'm like, oh, okay. I don't, I don't need to hear it. It's always, it's always bs. I'm never gonna listen to You know or hear any of that data ever again. But, but the things people would say would be like, are you sure you wanna save the economy's good?


Because you're gonna offend a lot of people who don't feel like it's good and you don't wanna piss off that group and da da da. If you're not gonna fight for your values, who the heck is gonna fight for your values? If you're not gonna defend your record, who is gonna defend your record? All you've done is you've now created a vacuum where Donald Trump comes in and he goes, this is the worst economy ever. We're in a depression. We're in a depression. You have CNN going, we're in a depression and that, well, not, we're in a depression, but you have CNN going You know uneasiness about the economy, blah, blah, blah. And then people just obviously internalize all that because there's no counter message to that saying, You know what Actually, actually things are like pretty good. Like, could things be better? Or are You know were egg prices too high?


Last year when we had the bird flu, could we pull this down? Is inflation still affecting us all? Are times still difficult for people? Sure, sure, sure, sure. But we have to acknowledge those fundamental facts that things are actually pretty damn good. And we should be proud of that because You know for sure. And, and, and mark my words, save this episode, bookmark it You know that day one, Donald Trump's takes office You know what he is gonna say? This is the best economy anyone has ever seen in the entire world. This is the best. Look at the low interest rates from the Fed. I did that. Look at the Roaring stock market. I did that. It's the same thing he did the first administration when he inherited Barack Obama's economy. So he could keep that going until he starts implementing his policies and crashes things.


But here's the thing. He's gonna do that. And all those CNNs and politicos and all those people, they're gonna go, this is a great economy act. Oh, this is the best. They're, they're gonna go right along with it. And You know damn well they're gonna go right along with it. And they're not gonna acknowledge that the reason for that economy is because of President Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris. Well, a, B, C, always b campaigning, not just for an election, always b campaigning, right? For three and a half years, Donald Trump was campaigning and running against Biden when Biden wasn't running, Biden was running a country, he wasn't running for reelection.


And so when the campaign geared off the framing of the campaigns were already kind of set based on someone who was always in a campaign mode, one of the things Obama did well is Obama messaged, well, he's a great messenger. So Obama was out there each and every day. And he was, to your point, Brett, reminding people, remember we inherited a depression or a recession. Remember that every day that message got out. And I think that there was a void and a vacuum that was You know left. And I think President Biden was very focused on You know, being a gentleman and You know, I think he thought the rules of engagement or sometimes the rules of engagement were maybe what it was You know, You know 30 years ago or 40 years ago, or 20 years ago, but every day there was a campaign being run against him, and he was focused on we the people, not I, Joe Biden and my reelection.


And there has to be, I think, a hybrid of both You know. And I think that for right now, to go after Biden and to say, You know he's the one who, who, who did this, or he's whatever. Look, he beat Donald Trump, okay? Like, let's be undisputed fact. He whooped Trump's ass in 2020. He got 81 million votes. So whatever the coalition Biden built you, and again, I'm not saying what would've happened to you or what would've happened there. It's a, it's an unproductive exercise. And by the way, Ben, I I wanna say this too to, to add to that, that You know, I'm, I'm gonna say this in multiple ways. I I won't, this isn't a complete and total sea change.


This isn't a complete and total shift in that every two years things change, right? President Biden won in 2020. In 2022, there was supposed to be this red wave. It never materialized. In 2024, this red wave, I mean, by all accounts, it is a red wave in in 2024. We gotta be honest about that. But if you remember when Donald Trump was elected in, in 2016, what happened in 2018, the Democrats took control of Congress in a sweep because people were pissed off about Donald Trump. So this country swings on a pendulum. And so if we get our butts out there, and we are actually doing the work and messaging and, and figuring out how to form these coalitions, and actually just being direct with people no bullshit You know, and, and, and our, and our work in this and exposing all this, there's no reason why you can't have the same sort of pro-democracy sweep in a couple years.


And the reason why I preface it with what I did that all You know assumes a free and fair election process going forward. And that's something that is a separate concern that is tire is entirely warranted about what is Donald Trump actually going to do when he controls the levers of the federal government. But You know, that's why we need to ensure that we are lighting a fire under the people who are in government now, the the various judges, lawyers around the country. Because this is going to take a huge coalition of people, of lawyers, of politicians, of activists, of, of Midas mighty, of everybody to come together and make sure that all the horrific things that he wants to do are stopped in their tracks.


Couldn't agree more with you. Let's take our first quick ad break of the day before showing you the ad break. I just wanna remind you two, we have zero outside investors. So in this pro-democracy movement, we are people funded, people powered, and the ads go a long way to help. So I understand sometimes maybe people would love an ad free experience, but these are sponsors who have stood with our pro-democracy content. And I want to give you at least the context between why You know why we have these ads. These are products and things that we use, and they help fund this network. And I think that's very important right now when we're going against Fox, which is funded by $14.96 billion, we'll be right now


With big wireless providers. What you see is never what you get somewhere in between the store and your first month's bill, that price you thought you were paying magically skyrockets with MIT Mobile, you'll never have to worry about those gotchas ever again. When MIT Mobile says $15 a month, when you purchase a three month plan, they mean it. Say goodbye to jaw dropping monthly bills and unexpected overages. Mint Mobile offers premium wireless plans starting at just 15 bucks a month. And with all plans, you'll get high speed data and unlimited talk and text on the nation's largest 5G network. You can even bring your own phone and number along with all your contacts. No need for a pricing new device or a complicated setup. I've been stuck with these unexpected fees and overcharges from other providers. So it's refreshing to finally have a straightforward plan just like this To, get this new customer offer and your three month premium wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month, go to mint mobile.com/midas. That's mint mobile.com/midas. M-E-I-D-S. Cut your wireless bill to 15 bucks a month at mint mobile.com/midas. $45 upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month. New customers on first three month plan only speed slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions, apply semen mobile for details.


Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. And on the app, it lets You know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives you tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and even stress management. That's why I love it. All you have to do is you breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning, and you'll know what's going on in your metabolism, whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs, then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for that day based on your measurements. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals. So You know exactly what's going on in your body in real time. And Lumen will give you tips to keep you on top of your health game. Your metabolism is your body's engines, how your body turns the food you eat into fuel that keeps you going because your metabolism is at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to a bunch of benefits, includes including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, better sleep, et cetera. Lumen gives you recommendations to improve your metabolic health. It can also track your cycle as well as the onset of menopause, and adjust your recommendations to keep your metabolism healthy through hormonal ships so you can keep up your energy and stave off cravings. Look, I love Lumen, and I know you will too. So if you want to take the next step in improving your health, go to Lumen, L-U-M-E-N. Do me slash Midas to get 15% off your Lumen. That is LUE n.me/midas for 15% off your purchase. One more time, go to lumen.me/midas, LUEN. Do me slash Midas and get 15% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Even if you think it's a bit overhyped, AI is suddenly everywhere from self-driving cars to molecular medicine to business efficiency. If it's not in your industry yet, it's coming and fast. But ai, it needs a lot of speed and computing power. So how do you compete without costs spiraling out of control? It's time to upgrade to the next generation of the cloud. Oracle Cloud infrastructure or O-C-I-O-C-I is a blazing fast and secure platform for your infrastructure database application development, plus all your AI and machine learning workloads. OCI costs 50% less for compute and 80% less for networking. So you're saving a pile of money. Thousands of businesses have already upgraded to OCI in including MGM Resorts, specialized Bikes and fireworks ai. Right now, Oracle is offering to cut your current cloud bill in half if you move to oci. For new US customers with minimum financial commitment, the offer ends 12 31 24. See if your company qualifies for this special offer at oracle.com/midas. That's oracle.com/midas.


Shout out to our pro democracy sponsors links in description of both YouTube and audio. Click the links, let them know we sent you Benji You. know, as we said Brett, you said like, look, sometimes the Democrats are so in the weeds on the details and the plans that we forget sometimes for voters, sometimes it's just a very kind of simple message. Like I saw that there were voters who, and this was like a trend just Googling whether or not President Biden was still on the ballot or not. Like they were literally searching. Yeah, it was like one of the biggest Google trends. The day of the election was like, where's President Biden's name on the ballot? Like people get so in the weeds and, and we're obviously so informed about things that to us that's unfathomable, right?


Like how, how in the world could you not know that all of this happened? But there are a large chunk of voters who genuinely do. And, and when you see the ballot and you're looking for names, I You know, I guess there's a, it, it's, it's an indictment of our education system. But, but, but we gotta acknowledge the reality. A, a a and we have to recognize though, whether it's an indictment or not indictment of the education system, that there are, are voters out there that are getting information from certain sources that are skewing or persuading their understanding of things. The biggest of which we know is Fox, which is a $15 billion You know ship.


What, what was Death Star? I was looking for the term You. know that projects, all of You know every single day with the Chirons. Like if, if you're a Fox News watcher and they reach so many people, you've been trained over decades and now your kids are, if you're the Gen X, your Gen Z kids have been trained to literally view Democrats as an enemy from within. It's probably how Donald Trump, even You know, often uses that. That's how they've portrayed it. Now for 30 years, every Chiron when Vice President Gam Laers was giving a speech that if you wanted to criticize it, it was to Philip Hope and optimism.


It was all about like, let's unite, let's love you. Let's be love. Let, let's hope, let's unite, let's do things great. Let's build in the future. You know not using any, she didn't say Donald Trump's name once in like, the closing You know, 72 hours or whatever. It didn't matter. 'cause the Fox Chiron said, vice President Kamala Harris, a message of hate. And the other Chiron would say, vice President Kamala Harris is running a campaign based on fascism. like it would say that on the Chiron Fox would literally assemble fake town halls of Trump supporters who like Kim Jong-un, North Korea. Like we would see those things and we would call 'em out.


We were doing our best each and every day. But the message that it sends to people You know, like this voter from Allegheny County, Deborah Roski, I mean, she's asked, so she was a Biden voter in 2020, and she's asked why she voted for Donald Trump in 2024. And her response was one word. It was biblical. I'm, I'm making a biblical vote here, Play. this clip I voted for Donald Trump. And the reason I voted for him is because of his biblical values. I wanted to vote biblical. I wanna vote for a candidate. Candidate most closely aligns with, with the Bible. It's just everything has been going on.


The economy, inflation, immigration at the border. She's literally just saying words there. And they're just the kind of right wing talking points. Biblical immigration inflation. Ironically, when you look at the shirt that she's wearing, it's a roofing company that will likely be adversely impacted by tariffs depending on where they get their supplies. So she says inflation, if there was a way to reach out to her or a voter like this and say, Hey, I'm not sure if you're wearing that shirt because You know you work at that company or someone in your family works at that company, but like you do realize that you're gonna be screwed with these plans, right?


Like you realize that inflation's under control, but a $2,000 tariff could mean a $2,000 or mean a $2,000 increase on your taxes or a 2000% increase in those supplies in order to counteract the tariff. And what that means. So you have to realize like how do you reach that voter? Look, 75,000 voters instead of writing the name of a president did a write in for the name Haua, which is a reference to oral sex by You know. A, a lady who went viral on TikTok, who now has a podcast called Talk toa, 75,000 counted votes people wrote Hak Toa.


And as a result, their reproductive rights and freedoms are likely to be kind of taken away because of Right. As a result. You may not You know, you may not be able to talk to a well You know. Look, I, but, but I think it is important You know that You know that Democrats do realize that obviously a podcast like, like talk to a or whatever has significant influence and to engage people in audiences where they're watching certain things. And I know You know Democrats in the pro-democracy movement, You know may not wanna move in certain of those spaces. Well then, okay, but then we gotta build our own spaces.


You know, I I I think democrats more frequently, I mean, I I remember Brett for the past four years when we were building this platform for over You know four years. You know one, one of the reasons also You know for not having outside investors is one, we pursued our own path. But number two, it, it, it, it's not even something that Democrats look at. Like there's no even market for. Let's help build pro-democracy podcast just like this. I'm covering my eyes, by the way, audience by way by the way. I just wanna make it clear we're not, we're not even going after the talk to a podcast. That's fine. Yeah. You know. Let that, it, it's, we're just, it's a larger indictment of the vacuum in the medium in general that 75,000 people voted talked to or, or whatever, whatever You know whatever instead of voting for a candidate because of that Total closing my eyes to this digital media.


It's, it's a good point. And you also gotta, I would assume, and I, and I haven't read that articles and I don't know if they have the data on this, but I would assume that most of those 75,000 were also like Gen z, gen Zers, right? Would would, would be my guess. And Ben, this is something you've certainly been sounding the alarm on for a while and, and something we've talked about a lot on the show, and the reason we've talked a lot about on the show is because we got some Gen Z folks on the staff who've been warning us about this now for what, the past few years. And they've been saying, yo, there's an infiltration happening right now with my generation because all they're listening to is they're listening to Rogan and they're listening to You know these comedians who, and by the way, a lot of these shows are, are apolitical shows a lot of them, which they have politicians on, but they have a certain framing and stuff.


And then they're also visited often by guests who are from the Republican party. And then they get exposed to these ideas. So it's like, oh, this is my favorite comedian. I love You know he is unfiltered, he is politically incorrect. I love You know this, this, this dude's awesome. Next thing You know you got JD Vance going on the podcast and and I've had You know friends, people, my best friends like You know listen to all these shows personally. And, and even e even they made comments to me saying, and and they, they're smart enough. They weren't brainwashed by it or anything, but they were like, You know what? Like JD Vance actually came off pretty good on the You know when he was on with the Vaughn. Like, I listened to that episode and You know what, I think it countered a lot of kind of the perceptions out there about him and I, I've heard that from multiple people that when people, when when these people went on these shows, it gave a perspective into these individuals because they're speaking sometimes for an hour, sometimes for like three and a half hours unfiltered on a podcast and with a, a figure who they trust as an arbiter of Here's what I'm into.


And that affects people. I mean, it's a very intimate experience. I'm sure you all know because you're listening to us here, that listening to a podcast, watching a show, people you like it, it's a very shared, intimate experience Yes. In many ways. And then when you, you're engaged in that experience and then you're gradually pulled into, oh, Donald Trump came on to Joe Ro and Donald Trump came on to this podcast, JD Vance is speaking with this guy for a while. That's why our, our staff was like You know a lot of the, especially the guys, the guys that I'm friends with, they're all listening to this stuff and they've been kind of brainwashed into thinking You know, it's, it's lame to be You know support Kamala, it's lame to support a Democrat.


And, and by the way, they also said, You know what you put the values, the policies, you, you, you put all of that in front of them in a blind test and you said, which of these do you prefer? What are they gonna choose every single time? They're going to choose every single time those value, like the democratic values, they actually support the Democratic policies. They actually don't like the reproductive freedom bans. They actually don't like all the stuff that the Republicans are offering, but they have these messengers and it's easy to, if you're losing the culture, which quite frankly over the past few years, I think Democrats have lost the culture. When you lose the culture, you lose people not even on a specific policy basis or this moves people in this data point and that data point minus three, minus two, whatever, all that stuff means you're losing the bigger picture.


And and that's what we're seeing with all these organizations. Whether we're talking about, whether we're talking about a, a Charlie Kirk or You know someone less political like a a the Vaughn or a Joe Rogan or something you, that that's what you're seeing. And so You know what is exactly the answer to that You know, I don't necessarily have it right now, but it's certainly not avoiding this new medium, right? That, that well, the answer so many people. Yeah. Well, Brett, part of the answer is never seeding any ground and continuing to explore and advance in territories where you don't exist. And I'm specifically talking about the digital space medium. That's why You know so confidently we could get up here every single day going forward and tell you guys that we are not going anywhere, that we're going to double down on truth and this pro-democracy community because we need this now more than ever.


All of us do this entire community because strength in numbers folks. And that's why it's just so important to You know, never give up and never seed any ground. You guys remember when there was that whole You know spot, like cancel Spotify movement and a lot of, a lot of pro-democracy voices had had been left the platform for that and look to each their own. But in my personal opinion, you never seed ground because the second that you stop being a voice on one of these platforms and Instagram, a Spotify, a YouTube, wherever, You know wherever you could show up, you're just giving people territory to now own the space and own the talking points for people that exist and live on those platforms. By by by the way, can I be, can I be extremely candid about this and unfiltered about this for a second?


So like you said, the Joe Regan and the Spotify, there was this big mission to cancel Spotify, right? What was our perspective during that entire time, by the way, we ended up taking a lot of shit. And what, what was our perspective the entire time? We said, here's the thing, should they cancel these shows? I don't think so. Should we compete and try to be bigger and better than all these shows? Right? Absolutely. Let's win that war. Let's fight those battles. and that was what we wanted. It ended up resulting in everybody attack. I'm not even talking about like people on ours, like every on all sides You know, viewed that as a threat, I guess. And then started attacking us and acted like we were doing the opposite, but we were like, we need to get into those spaces. We need to be doing exactly that.


And I stand by it. And and we still need to be doing exactly that and we still need to be fighting and we still need to be fighting for ways to spread pro-democracy messages. And not only spreading 'em, but doing it in a way that connects with folks that could resonate with folks that is the right messengers, the right way to s the right way to speak. Because truthfully, a lot of it, I think personally, I, I think a lot of it isn't even about the specifics. You know. And, and I think that's how you get, like randomly you'll get like a Bernie Sanders supporter who now supports Trump and that it's like, oh, these are two fundamentally different ideas. How could you do that? Because there is a lure to certain ways of messaging things I think that can connect with people. And I'm not saying to be like that at all, but I'm saying you have to understand how to penetrate through this media environment and you have to understand how to be direct with people.


And there are ways, there are outlets out there, they just need to stop being ignored. And this community might as touch all of you. You play a big role in this, this is the time right now to build. I'm, I'm, I'll steal I from Build Baby Build. That's what we gotta be doing right now here on the Midas Touch Network. That is our mission and we're gonna continue with it s to the YouTube if you haven't yet. Yeah, subscribe to. I mean, look, as you said in the past 90 days, this platform has gotten 1 billion views. I mean, on the YouTube charts we're often number one beating like Netflix and the NBA or MLB, like during playoff time. And You know, to, to your point, You know, You know Jordy and Brett You know, very rarely has, if ever You know, was anyone like You know saying, well, like, I think we need to build more things like that.


And I look there, whether you like this show you like this network or not, you would still think that, wait a minute, you're doing a billion views every 90 days and there's this massive motivated community out there. You know, maybe just maybe You know You know y'all are onto something. And what we're onto something though is still that our message and I've, you've always heard me say this minus mighty. I'm like, I don't think about this show so much as a political show. Although we confront political issues all the time as a show about humanity and decency and treating human beings the way we should all wanna be treated with love, respect, and dignity. And saying that, I think that that's an an alpha thing to do, is to treat people right or just the basic human decency thing to do.


We got a lot more show, a lot more to discuss. Let's take our last ad break of the show.


The holiday season is here and it's tough on skin, cold weather, dry indoor heating and all those holiday events can leave your skin feeling dull and dehydrated. That's where one skin comes in. One skin's products are scientifically designed to support your skin at the cellular level, helping it to look and feel healthier and ready for the festivities. Founded by an all woman team of scientists, one skin focuses on skin longevity, not just surface level improvements. Their secret is the OS zero one peptide, a first of its kind formula that works at the cellular level to switch off the cells that make skin vulnerable. It's a game changer for anyone wanting long-term skin health. Along with over 6,305 star reviews, one skin's, moisturizers, cleansers, and sunscreens have already made a big impact. I've been using the OS zero one face topical supplement on my face, and I've noticed a real improvement in smoothness and hydration. It feels great knowing that I'm taking care of my skin's health in a lasting way. Once skin doesn't just treat the symptoms of aging, it targets the root causes Using innovative r and d, they measure the effectiveness of age reversing molecules showing that the OS zero one peptide can reduce senescent cells by up to 50%, improving skin's resilience against aging. In fact, in clinical studies, 87% of users saw diminished wrinkles and many experienced a stronger skin barrier and improved skin health markers. One Skin is the world's first skin longevity company addressing skin health at the molecular level. Ready to start your face, eye, and body routine. Get 15% off with code Midas at one skin Do co that's 15% off@oneskin.co with code Midas M-E-I-D-A-S. After your purchase, they'll ask where you heard about them. Please support our show And, let them know we sent you. We only have one body, one skin, and only you can choose to make it better age healthy with one skin.


I recently gave my father-in-Law MD hearing aids, and I saw him over the holidays. He was hearing me so much better. This podcast is sponsored by MD hearing. MD hearing is an FDA registered rechargeable hearing aid that costs a fraction of what typical hearing aids cost. MD hearings Neo model costs over 90% less than clinic hearing aids. The NEO fits inside your ear so no one will even know that it's there. Plus, MD hearing just launched the Neo XS MD hearing's, smallest hearing aid ever MD hearing recently cut their price in half. That means you can get high quality rechargeable digital hearing aids for only $297 a pair. My father-in-law has been so much more engaged with our conversations now that he has the MD hearing aids. He's way more vocal in a positive way and it's really brought the family together. He's been using MD hearing aids for a while now and he swears by them, MD hearing is just as good as premium quality hearing aids $297 for a pair of hearing aids. This good is crazy. Edward s calls MD hearing the best hearing aid I have used at any price. Robert p in Texas said, these are the best hearing aids that you can buy. Simple to use, durable and better than hearing aids that cost 10 times as much. MD hearing was founded by an ENT surgeon who saw how many of his patients needed hearing aids but couldn't afford them. He made it his mission to develop a quality hearing aid that anyone could afford. MD hearing has sold over 1.9 million hearing aids and they offer a 45 day risk-free trial with a 100% money back guarantee. So you can buy with confidence still on the fence about MD hearing Well, they were just selected to be the hearing aid supplier for top Medicare Advantage plans. So they're brand that you can trust this holiday season, get the hearing you deserve with MD hearing. Go to shop md hearing.com and use promo code Midas to get a pair of hearing aids for just $297. Plus they're adding a free extra charging case, a $100 value just for listeners of the Midas Touch podcast. That's shop md hearing.com and use our promo code Midas and get a pair of hearing aids for just $297.


Shout out to our pro democracy sponsors. Brett Kin, your skin looks as good as it's ever looked, my man. And then MD hearing aid. So my uncle, the my, so my wife's uncle is using it, our uncle's now using it and my father-in-law's using them. So MD hearing like five stars from the Marcellas family. Check 'em out. Look, we know that the implications of this election are not theoretical for we the people or from you who are watching this at home You know particularly to marginalize communities and women. It's why our commitment right now is more than ever that we're gonna use this platform to do everything we can to resist the fascist encroachment that we can.


We approach this clear-eyed You know we approach this with solemnity and with an understanding of the serious threats that are out there. And we're going to use this platform to resist, to protect our institutions, to protect our democracy, and to continue to grow this platform generationally the way that Fox did, except they did for bad. We're trying to do it for pro-democracy. and that means there are gonna be setbacks. That means there are going to be big setbacks sometimes, but we're not in the business of giving up.


We're not in the business of looking back and pointing fingers and whining. We are in the business of moving forward, of being leaders, of respecting this community and the rights and the freedoms of this community, of being very sensitive to the moment, being very sensitive to your fears and your concerns and being with you each and every step of the way you are family. To us, this is this community and what we've grown to be together is like a big family.


And while sometimes whether it's on a Patreon, I get to see your faces. Oftentimes. I don't get to see You, know your You, know all of your faces, but sometimes you'll see me at an airport or you'll see me at a stadium or you'll see me getting a cup of coffee at Starbucks or wherever I'm at getting coffee. Although the coffee machine's not working at my Starbucks. How does the coffee machine not work at a Starbucks, by the way? But that's a Yeah, that's should, should we do a show podcast on that for like, for like a week? The coffee's not working. You know. I'm like, okay, well what, what do they serve for a week? Over a week? The coffee. Why are you still go, why are you still going back? That would, that would seem like priority number one at, at the coffee shop because I keep showing up to see if the coffee is gonna be there, if it's fixed.


Because now you're so, you're committed, you're committed to the bit. Now you have to just keep showing up. I end up going to Panera to get the coffee, but I always start at the Starbucks. I thought you were a tea guy. I I've been coffee for about the last nine months. Oh, excuse me. No, no, no, no. Nobody informed us. But that's, that's why I make my coffee at home with trade. But, but, but, but as I, the point is, as I see, as I see you all, I, I, I know I feel I, I want to do whatever I can in my power to be helpful and to be a, and to be a voice of, of, of empowerment.


But just whatever I could help You know just to help You know. And, and I see a lot going on right now in social media spaces, though You know of, of, of, of words. And you may disagree with me, and it's okay if you disagree with me, but I see words to the effect of, okay, well, You know if, if you voted against your interest and now You know your relative or loved one gets deported in a bloody deportation, I'm not going to help you or You know if, if, if you are You know, if, if you voted against your interest and now you, you want to protest, we're not gonna protest with you or, or You know or, or, or we'll call ice on your family and tell them, my, my own view is that that's not protected, that's not productive, that's not in my core.


It's not in my soul. It's not in my DNA and my fabric to, to feel that way. I can try to persuade you not to feel that way. You, but your feelings are your feelings. I'm just gonna let You know that for me, even if for some reason you voted to deport your own relatives, which I I'll never understand it is as a civil rights litigator, which I was before quitting that to become full-time here, I didn't care. I didn't even know if the person was a Democrat or a Republican or whoever, right? Like I was representing families who lost loved ones, often at the hands of the government and in different cities and counties across the country.


And I was by their side to be helpful against encroachment against their freedoms when the government w would, would kill family members or engage in excessive force. And so it has always been my platform and my priority to be a, a helpful voice. And so I'm going to continue on in that journey regardless of, of of what the vote was or whatever. Like we have to be a check on fascism, period. Full stop here. And I wanna show you some of the leaders who have been, who have been stepping up right now, Congress member Eric Swalwell has been a voice of leadership right now.


Here is Congressman Swalwell. Earlier today when I interviewed him here, Play this clip. So Congress member, not the result that people wanted. I'm telling our audience though, now is not the time to give up, not the time to give up hope. Now is the time to get to work. You put out a message today to that effect. What's your message to everybody out there? Yeah, let's get loud and let's get going. Because if a young woman in Florida where a six week ban is now the law of the land can get up today and find her way through, we can too. And if a soldier in a trench in eastern Ukraine who just saw their best ally walk away from them can keep fighting, we can too.


And if a high school student who's gonna go to school today and a country that's gonna arm mass shooters to the teeth and they're still gonna get through it, we can too. It, it doesn't feel good to lose. It sucks. I hate it. I hate what this winner says about our country and the people who make it so great. But we have work to do. We, we've dealt with this guy before. He's a one term president coming in. He's in serious cognitive decline. We're not helpless. We are privileged to be among those who can do something. And by the way, there's no time to You know mourn or grieve for too long because the next play is gonna happen pretty soon when he starts to nominate all of the cabinet officials who will implement Trump's project 2025.


And so we gotta be loud. We have to get in front of all of the senators who are gonna be voting on this and, and make our cases to them as to why people like Rick Grinnell and Cash Patel and all these others in the rogues gallery cannot be in charge of our country. Why our kids need vaccines. And we're not going to let RFK Junior as the health Secretary take them away. So there's a lot of plays coming down the field. And so we should You know, be upset, but let's put our helmets on, get back on the field and defend You. know the yardage between us and Project 2025, becoming the Law of the Land. Here's Governor Pritzker of Illinois. Let's Play this clip.


I'm thinking a lot Today about my mother. For most of my life, I've been involved in public policy and democratic political campaigns as a volunteer, as a supporter, as a candidate. And that's most especially because of my mother. When I was just a little kid, I was conscripted by her to stuff, political flyers into envelopes while my older brother and sister addressed and stamped them. We watched as Sue Pritzker organized political campaigns out of our living room at a time when women weren't even allowed to have credit cards without a male co-signer.


I think about how she supported causes for women's rights, for gay rights, for civil rights back when it must have seemed like the pace of change was heartbreakingly slow. The memory of my mother has helped to give me some understanding that the hope that American women have for our country is not a new manifestation, but an old inheritance. It has been nurtured and cared for Over generations passed down with the kind of persistence that you need to continue putting logs on a fire you may not get to see lit in your lifetime.


I know that there are a lot of women out there this week, especially young women asking themselves if they will ever get to see a female president. And to them, I want to say I too am tired of having to explain to my daughter and to my son too that eventually the time will come, but not now yet here we are again. Powerful words. And then he made a post that said, well, I'm surprised by Tuesday results. I wasn't unprepared the general assembly and I have protected Illinoisans from the damage Trump may attempt to cause.


We've enshrined reproductive rights, built a path to clean energy, future reaffirmed labor rights, and invested in tech and more. And He says, while chaos, retribution, and disarray that radiated from the past Trump White House may be different this time, if it isn't, Illinois remains a place of stability and competent governance. No matter the storm we face, you'll be welcome, safe and protected here. Those are very powerful words from a democratic governor, letting people know that we're prepared to protect you and fight back if Trump is going to do the retribution that He says he's going to do.


Same thing with Gavin Newsom. He goes, California is ready to fight. I just called an emergency special session to help bolster our legal resources and protect our state against any unlawful actions by the incoming Trump administration. Whether it be our fundamental civil rights, reproductive freedom, or climate action, we refuse to turn back the clock and allow our values and laws to be attacked. So I leave everybody with this that's along the lines of what we're prepared to do here. We were certainly looking forward to the opportunity to report on moving forward, moving beyond these Trump years and, and the hate and division and the chaos and the retribution.


But we weren't unprepared. We're very prepared with how to handle it. We've built an infrastructure that will handle it, and we will be on the front lines each and every single day. We need your help. I certainly understand and and feel as Brett and Jordy said earlier, You know a desire to just sometimes turn all of this off and, and look away from all of this. But I'll say this and as Jordy said, you will You know ultimately how you deal with it. We're not going to judge deal with this how you're gonna deal with it. But I want you to know that you're a part of a community that supports you.


We support you. We'll be here with you. And we've built a community to be supportive of each other and to help each other get through difficult and dark times and to ultimately come out ahead. And that's what I look forward to. I look forward to knowing that at the end of this tunnel, there will be light. We will be through this. We will weather this through. Get together and we're in this together. And we will be here with you every step of the way. So please, if you haven't subscribed to this YouTube channel, go to midas plus.com. That helps a lot as well. Go to patreon.com/midas touch.


We will be holding a live zoom soon or a live Zoom meeting there. And again, from the bottom of our hearts, from Brett, Jordy and myself, we love you. We're grateful for you. We're privileged and honored to be by your side here, and we will see you soon. Thank you all so much. God bless you. God bless our troops. God bless our country. God bless our democracy and thank you. Thank you, thank you. Shout out to the Midas mid.


Hey Midas mighty, love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us now.