
Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms Proving difficult to manage TREM via guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year, many patients taking Taya achieved clinical remission and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. Taya is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis, serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor If you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or If you need a vaccine, ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms, call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit trem via radio.com. I'm ready for my life to change.


A, B. C. Sundays American Idol is all new. Give it your all. Good luck. Come up the golden ticket This. Hear it. This is amazing. What? I've never seen anything like it. And a new chapter begins Hollywood. Carrie Underwood joins Lionel Richie, Luke Bryan and Ryan RET on American Idol New Sundays eight seven Central on a, B, C and stream on Hulu.


Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions apply. See terms and conditions at KL and Dao.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered tech scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com. Cancel any anytime terms apply.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. Oh, what advice they have my favorite brand. It's like a new woo woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll Love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


Donald Trump's chief propagandist as press secretary, Caroline Levitt just gave a disastrous press conference in the White House and she said, Americans are getting their tax cuts right now. She says Those tariffs are the tax cuts. Watch as the reporter pushes back though. Play this clip. You're welcome. If we could just step back for a second. When President Trump last addressed the BRT when he was on the campaign trail, his big push was on tax cuts. He's going there today as he's proposing tax hikes in the form of tariffs. Not true. And I'm curious. He's not doing for why he's prioritizing that over the tax cuts. He's actually not implementing tax hikes.


Tariffs are a tax hike on foreign countries that again, have been ripping us off. Tariffs are a tax cut for the American people and the President is a staunch advocate of tax cuts. As you know, he campaigned on ta, no taxes on tips, no taxes on overtime, no taxes on social security benefits. He is committed to all three of those things and he expects Congress to pass them later this year. I'm sorry. Have you ever paid a tariff? Because I have. That's a, they don't get charged on foreign companies. They get charged on the importers. And ultimately when we have fair and balanced trade, which the American people have not seen in decades, as I said at the beginning, revenues will stay here, wages will go up, and our country will be made wealthy again.


And I think think it's insulting that you are trying to test my knowledge of economics and the the decisions that this president has made. I'm now regret giving a question to the Associated Press. Mary, It was great work by the reporter from the Associated Press. You see why the Trump administration is so, or the regime is so afraid of them. Next up, Caroline Levitt is asked if she and the president still believe that Canada is an ally of the United States. She does not say yes. She calls Canada potentially a competitor. And goes on to reiterate that Donald Trump wants to annex Canada and make it the 51st state here play this clip. I wonder, Does this administration still consider Canada to be a close ally of the United States?


Well, I think Canada is a a neighbor. They are a partner. They have always been an ally. Perhaps they are becoming a competitor now. But as the president also laid out in his true social post today, he believes that Canadians would benefit greatly from becoming the 51st state of the United States of America. And I actually looked into some of the research about the cost of living in Canada and the cost of living is much higher than it is here in the United States of America. The average cost of a home and Canada is much higher. In Quebec, the highest tax rate for an income of 150,000 or more is 53.3% more than half of Canadian's incomes they're being taxed on.


So the President has made it clear that he believes Canadians would be better served economically militarily if they were to become the 51st state of the United States of America. Reagan. Thank You, Caroline. Next Caroline Levitt is asked about Elon Musk's fraudulent claim that there's over 500 to $700 billion of fraud. That is part of the Social Security Administration. To which Caroline Levitt's response is that Elon Musk never actually claimed that there was actual fraud. It's just that he thinks, he thinks that that may be the case, even though that's like one third of Social security payments play this clip Cutting the waste, fraud and abuse out of these programs will protect it for hardworking Americans.


But your Honor, respectfully, he said around 500 to $700 billion. There was no evidence to claim that. And also if that is the case, that would represent more than a third of what Social Security paid out last year, maybe 20% of Social security And Medicare. Well, again, If you read his full quote, he said, we think so. It's an estimate based on what he's seen. He's not saying definitively. He's saying that's what Doge suspects and thinks. And that's exactly why Doge was created to ensure that we are investigating the fraudulent spending, the wasteful abuse across our federal government. And I would remind everybody in this room that 77% of the American people support this effort by Elon Musk and Doge to identify such waste, fraud and abuse.


Caroline, go Ahead. Then. Caroline Levitt brags that Donald Trump might be driving around a Tesla later today and photographing himself in a new Tesla that he bought to help Elon Musk out. Play this clip And I'll see you guys later. Perhaps you'll see the president in a Tesla later this afternoon. Have a good one. By the way, If you saw my coverage earlier in the day as well, Donald Trump had made posts about how he was gonna buy a Tesla to help out his billionaire friend Elon Musk. And then last night on Fox, Sean Hannity said that he was buying a Tesla in order to support Elon Musk. 'cause that's what they gotta do. Stand in solidarity with their billionaire buds.


Next up, Caroline Levitt talks about the golden age that exists right now in America. She says, this is a golden age in manufacturing play this clip. So we are in a period of transition from that economic nightmare under a president who had no idea what he was doing, never held the private sector job in his life into a golden age of American manufacturing under a businessman and a deal maker in chief. And President Donald J. Trump who will be implementing, is implementing the formula that we know works. Look at President Trump's results in his first term. If people are looking for certainty, they should look at the record of this president. That's why the American people reelected him back to this office. Yeah, tell that to people Caroline, whose pensions are in the gutter right now, whose 4 0 1 Ks have been absolutely destroyed.


People whose lives have been ruined in a very short period of time by Donald Trump as America heads into a Trump recession or even potentially a Trump depression. Next up, Caroline Levitt talks about how the globalist mainstream media is to blame and that the economy's actually fine, but it's the globalists who are doing this here, play this clip. And despite the globalist mainstream media's attempt to worry consumers, president Trump will not repeat the trend of past American presidents who broke their promises to the American public and smiled while they stuck a knife in the back of American workers and shipped their jobs overseas.


Delete me makes it easy, quick, and safe to remove your personal data online at a time when surveillance and data breaches are common enough to make everyone vulnerable. So DeleteMe does all the hard work for you. It wipes away you and your family's personal information from data broker websites. DeleteMe knows your privacy is worth protecting. Sign up and provide DeleteMe with exactly the type of information you want deleted and their experts. Take it from there. And DeleteMe sends you regular personalized privacy reports showing what info they found, where they found it, and what they removed. As you can imagine, I'm a public figure, so a lot of people want to get my data and try to breach my data. So it is important that I have the protection that I need. It's why I use DeleteMe. And if I use it, I think you should use it too. So take control of your data and keep your private life private by signing up for DeleteMe. Now at a special discount for our listeners today, get 20% off your DeleteMe plan by texting Midas M-E-I-D-A-S to 6 4 0 0 0. The only way to get 20% off is to text Midas. Make sure you spell it right. M-E-I-D-A-S 2 6 4 0 0 0. That's M-E-I-D-A-S 2 6 4 0 0 0 message and data rates may apply.


Next up, she's asked if she believes that Donald Trump bears responsibility for the turmoil in the market. Let's play it Karen. Thanks Caroline. Just back on the market, you said that that what we're seeing this week right now on Wall Street is a snapshot of a moment in time. But does the president think he bears any responsibility for the turmoil in the stock market this Week? Look, the president is unwavering in his commitment to restore American manufacturing in global dominance. And I think he doubled down on that this morning with his new statement and the tariffs that will be implemented tomorrow on steel and aluminum. Then Caroline Levitt attacks Canada and says that there will be grave consequences if Canada cuts off electricity to the United States as Doug Ford, the premier of Ontario says he's going to maybe do, if Trump keeps this up, play this clip Conversations between the administration and the Canadians going on over this tariff because the Ontario Premier says the next step is to cut off electricity to the US and the President put out a statement after seeing those comments and said that it would be, there would be grave consequences imposed on Canada if they think about shutting off electricity for the United States of America and our citizens.


And the President is also determined to ensure that we are depending on American electricity, not the electricity production of foreign nations, including our allies in Canada. As for conversation, As Democratic Congress member Jimmy Gomez said, one problem when you start trade wars and you talk about going to actual war and annexing your neighbors is eventually the other side shoots back even with your allies, who the Trump regime is now saying are not allies anymore. Next up, Caroline Levitt is asked if the White House can assure Americans there will not be a recession. She cannot make such assurances and she just reiterates what Trump says when Trump goes, I don't, I don't know.


Here play this clip. We kick off Our briefing. Thank you. Really, Really appreciate you having me, Caroline, A couple questions for you if I may. First is first on the stock market. So currently it's the 25th anniversary today of the.com Babbel crash. There's a lot of concern for a lot of Americans right now about the state of the economy. President Trump has refused to rule out a recession. Secretary Lutnick, however, has told us there will not be one. So can the White House just tell and assure Americans today that there's not going to be a recession? Well, there's a lot to unpack there. So let me start by saying that first of all, when it comes to the stock market, the numbers that we see today, the numbers we saw yesterday, the numbers we saw see will see tomorrow are a snapshot of a moment in time.


And as President Trump has said, and I'm here to echo the remarks of, of this president of this White House, we are in a period of economic transition. We are in a period of transition from the mess that was created under Joe Biden in the previous administration. Joe Biden left this country in an economic disaster. Even Peter Ducey of Fox asked Caroline Levitt if she's sure that nobody is shorting the Dow because how bad the markets are doing play this clip. See? Thank you Caroline. So you said that the Dow dropping and dropping and dropping is a period of transition. You're sure nobody here at the White House shorted the Dow? No, I don't think so.


Okay, But is there Caroline Levitt then claims that egg prices will be under control and about, I don't know, six months, maybe three to six months here, play this clip. Secretary Rollins put out a five point plan, a four point plan, rather, to address this crisis. And she has been honest and realistic with the American people as this administration always is. It will take about three to six months to get the egg supply back to where it should be. But she's focused and this administration is focused on doing that every day. Karen, thanks Caroline. Just, and then after Caroline Levitt's press conference, you heard from others kind of in the Trump regime as well. You have Kayleigh McEnany, who used to be Donald Trump's press secretary.


Now she works on Fox as part of the revolving door. He or she says, look, the bottom line is that Trump is sacrificing for the country right now. He could be on a yacht somewhere here, play this clip. Yes. And I think Trump deeply resonates with him. Trump said he's putting it all on the line. Trump said, this is something that's really not good for him. President Trump chose to do something for our country. He could be on a yacht somewhere floating around with Melania. So true. He put it all on the line as a billionaire. Elon Musk put it all on the line and it's not self-serving. They're doing it for the good of the country. So let's give them a break here as they try to save the future. Really a yacht somewhere with Melania. That's what you're going with as Americans, 4 0 1 Ks are in the gutter as our economy is absolutely being destroyed and ravaged.


Donald Trump could be at a yacht with Melania. I, I remember who Donald Trump was once on yachts with though little girls as part of the beauty pageants he used to throw for teenage girls. And it was absolutely disgusting. And it was described in an article by the Guardian about these little girls gr being forced to grind on men old enough to be their grandparents as part of the look of the year competition that was hosted at one of the Trump parties. And Trump was on Trump properties and Trump was on that yacht. Maybe that's what you mean instead of Melania. Anyway, I digress. Then here Peter Ducey talks about how, you know, it's interesting, even, even Ducey on Fox is saying this, like they're gutting and destroying these federal workers jobs and they're telling federal workers they should retire.


But federal workers are now not even able to retire because of the sinking economy Here play this clip. And we also expect the White House to try to reassure folks who are sitting there looking at their 4 0 1 Ks going down and down in town. This is a White House that came in trying to get federal workers to retire by the hundreds of thousands. But it's tough to make the argument that you should retire if your retirement accounts are getting throttled, which is what is happening right now. So we expect, we hope for answers to all of these curiosities. Any minute, John, This is real. This is what the White House put out in one of their latest press releases.


It was another week filled with endless wins for the American people under President Donald J. Trump. As Douglas Bone Par writes, my portfolio's pronouns are, was were and another brutal day on the stock market. It began with Donald Trump posting about raising the tariffs on Canada, trying to crush the automobile industry in Canada, and that Canada needs to become the 51st state. He says, the only thing that makes sense is for Canada to become our Cherish 51st state. And then he declares a national emergency on electricity. There you have it. A disastrous press come.


Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection at Store. Do midas Touch.com all 100% USA Union made.