
This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. From streaming to shopping, prime helps you get more out of your passions. So, whether you are a fan of True Crime or prefer a nail biting novel from time to time with services like Prime Video, Amazon Music, and fast Free delivery Prime makes it easy to get more out of whatever you're into or getting into. Visit amazon.com/prime to learn more.


RayBan meta glasses are powered by meta ai, so you can get real time answers. Hey meta. How bougie is Jade Garden? It's a trendy spot. What's the color that pairs with this Top? Consider dark, earthy colors, charcoal or black. What are some good first date topics? Consider discussing favorite travel destinations or your favorite books. Get suggestions, inspiration and answers from your glasses. RayBan Meta glasses, iconic style meets meta ai.


Fellas, You know, degree cool rush deodorant, right? Well, last year they changed the formula and guys were mad about it. One dude even started a petition. So guess what Degree Hurt Us. Admitted they messed up and brought the original Cool Rush Cent back exactly how it was. And it's in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So grab some and remember why. It's cool, crisp and Fresh Scent made it the number one man's anti perman for the last decade degree. Cool. Rush is back and it smells like victory for all of us.


This Father's Day give your dad the Forever Wanted elixir by Zaro Parfums, an intoxicating fragrance where leather notes merge with the addictive red fruits. Discover the Azara Wanted collection for Father's Day at Macy's.


Running a business comes with a lot of what ifs, but luckily there's a simple answer to them. Shopify. It's the commerce platform behind millions of businesses, including Thrive Cosmetics and Momofuku. And it'll help you with everything you need from website design and marketing to boosting sales and expanding operations. Shopify can get the job done and make your dream a reality. Turn those what ifs into sign up for your $1 per month trial at shopify.com/special offer.


Wow. So undercover video of Donald Trump's attorney General Pam Bondi has just been released and it shows that Bondi likely on behalf of Donald Trump, is trying to cover up the release of the Epstein files. It's what we've been saying now over and over again, but a right wing reporter named James O'Keefe was the one who launched this undercover sting operation against the right wing Attorney General Pam Bondy, believing that Bondy was involved in this coverup of the Epstein files for weeks and months. And with respect to Trump for years, or said he was gonna release it.


He said he was gonna release it. He blamed everybody else for being with Epstein. But we know it's always projection and confession with Trump and Maga because Donald Trump was of course very close with Epstein. So I wanna share with you what James O'Keefe released again, he is a right wing reporter, and he's the one who launched this undercover sting operation against Bondy. 'cause he's pissed that he feels that he and other right wing influencers have been lied to by Bondy. So they send somebody in when Bondy was basically out at lunch a few days ago, and the person said that they were a nanny, just like a random stranger shows up, kind of sits down next to Attorney General Bondy and starts asking questions about the Epstein files.


Now, Bondy says things to this nanny that she's never even told the public to a random stranger. Bondy says the reason that it's being delayed is because there's 10,000 videos of Epstein with children. Now why wouldn't you tell that to the public? Watch what happens in this undercover video. Let's play it. Do You Know when the Epstein files are gonna get released? We hope soon, Elizabeth. Okay, so any dates? No. You know what it is? There are tens and thousands of videos. Yeah, and it's all with little kids, so they have to go through every one. So look, James O'Keefe got that video and he said that he was going to release the video.


So he had a series of questions that he posed to Attorney General Pam Bondy, and said, why were you just telling a random stranger about those acts by Epstein and not the public? You've never cited that before as the reason for delay. Don't you think you should tell the American people that over some random stranger who says that they're a nanny at some place that you're eating lunch? What's your response? So then Pam Bondi gives a press conference and she tries to get in front of the undercover recording by bringing out this information in public to try to preempt the release by James O'Keefe, the right wing reporter on what he uncovered through these secret recordings of Bondi.


So here's what she then says to the public. Let's play it. The FBI, they're reviewing. There are tens of thousands of videos of Epstein with children or child porn, and there are hundreds of victims, and no one victim will ever get released. It's just the volume, and that's what they're going through Right now. The FBI is diligently going through that. I, I haven't seen that statement, but I'll call him later and find out. So then this caused an entire stir in the right wing kind of media, far, far right MAGA ecosystem. Now, I would never normally play you a clip of Alex Jones.


I'm gonna play a very short clip. Don't you worry, because I want to show you now that all of these MAGA influencers are now saying Bondi is covering up the Epstein files, and is she covering it up for Trump? They're getting very close to what's really going on here. Here's what Jones said. He goes, Bondy's, covering up the Epstein files here, play this clip, Our reports. And it's supposedly the first traunch of us coming out today that James O'Keefe's, one of the two big stories he's breaking is about someone in the Trump administration covering up Epstein.


And then he put out a little short trailer yesterday that shows an image or, or still shot of video of Pam Bondi. But he, he wouldn't even say who in the administration. I made some phone calls and I told the crew over the weekend. I said, it's, it's Pam Bondy according to my sources. And because the White House already knows about this. Now I wanna remind you all that this was just two months ago when Bondy said the files were on her desk. She said they were going to be released.


Remember when she said that? We've got the receipts for that as well. Play this clip. The DOJ may be releasing the list of Jeffrey Epstein's clients will. That really happened. It's sitting on my desk Right now to review. That's been a directive by President Trump. I'm reviewing that. I'm reviewing JFK files, MLK files. That's all in the process of being reviewed because that was done at the directive of the president. Not yet. I was briefed on that yesterday. I I can't talk about that, that publicly. But, You know, president Trump has given a very strong directive and that's gonna be followed. Wow. Okay. So A lot of documents. Yeah. Okay. All right. So people can expect actual movement on this. It's not just empty promises.


Oh, Donald Trump doesn't make empty promises. Yeah, right. I think, I think, I think promises made, promises kept. Now, she was forced to say that after she brought in all of those MAGA influencers to the White House a few months back, and she handed them a binder that said the full Epstein list. The full Epstein files. And it wasn't MAGA influencers made a mockery of the series crimes with real victims helping the government hide the Epstein files. So many Americans demanded they tried to gaslight even their own followers, and they got exposed because it wasn't the Epstein files, it was Jeffrey Epstein's call list that was released in like 2018 and 2019.


That was already public. By the way. Donald Trump was spotted in Jeffrey Epstein's personal address book call list with a full list of contacts. We have it right there. 'cause Trump was one of Epstein's closest friends, but all the other files have not yet been released. Now, do you remember when Donald Trump went on Fox during the campaign and he was asked, so you said you're gonna release it. Are are, are you gonna release it? And remember Donald Trump's response, how weird it was. He's like, yeah, I'll release the JFK. I'm not sure so much so about the Epstein, because he's like some of the stuff in that world. I don't know if it's true or something like that.


Here, watch what he says here, play this clip. Would you declassify the nine 11 files? Yeah. Would you declassify JFK files? Yeah. Would you? I did. I did a lot of it. Would you declassify the Epstein files? Yeah. Yeah, I would. All right. I guess I would. I think that less so because You know, you don't know it, you don't wanna affect people's lives if it's phony stuff in there. 'cause there's a lot of phony stuff with that whole world. But I think I would, And folks, a lot of unusual things, sad things rather, You know, have been happening recently as well. Virginia Giuffre, one of Epstein's most high profile victims who's living in Australia.


She died by suicide in the past two weeks. Tragic, tragic situation. Marjorie Taylor, green posts, Jeffrey Epstein, accuser of Virginia Giuffre died by suicide. The truth needs to come out more no matter who is responsible. You have people like Nancy Mace out there saying, You know, we wanna know more about Epstein. I mean, obviously You know that this is coming from Donald Trump, but listen to it. Magar Republican Nancy Mace says, play this clip Right before our eyes. And they are doing this in real time with regards to the Epstein list, which the government still has not released today.


And the American people deserve to know who rich and powerful is on that list and who the government is covering up four.


So you ever try to sleep with one mosquito in the room? That high pitched buzzing near your ear, the frantic lights on, lights off routine, trying to find it only to wake up the next morning, covered in bites. That used to be me every summer night in my house until I reached my breaking point. Introducing this episode, sponsor ZEO Iris, your smart home mosquito detector. Bgo Iris is a cutting edge device that uses computer vision and AI to detect, track and pinpoint mosquitoes in real time. No more guessing, no more swatting at thin air. Just a simple precise way to finally take control of your space. It scans your room 24 7, even in total darkness, thanks to its Night Vision Tech. When it spots a mosquito, it marks it with a safe laser and instantly alerts you through the app, whether you're in the room or halfway around the world. It's chemical free, eco-friendly, and honestly, it's kind of genius. And if you're traveling, bz ego's got a travel mode too. So stop losing sleep over mosquitoes. Take back your nights with bgo. Go to bgo.com/discount/midas and save 10% off. That's BZIG o.com/discount/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. And use that code Midas to get 10% off. Say goodbye to itchy bites and sleepless nights. Thank you Bgo for sponsoring this episode.


May I Pause it? Something, may I give you my hypothesis? My opinion, me thinks, I think that Donald Trump is telling Pam Bondi to slow roll and deep six, the entire Epstein thing. Look, folks, I've done a lot of videos on this, so I won't recap all of the things that I've, You know, done deep dives into this. But just look at Ghislaine Maxwell's trial. She was the sex trafficker for Epstein. She's in jail for the rest of her life. Donald Trump wished her well when she was going to trial, when Trump was asked, I wish her well. He said also at the trial testifying at Maxwell's trial in New York City, a woman identified by the pseudonym Jane Doe said she met Donald Trump in the 1990s at his Mar-a-Lago Resort when Epstein introduced her to Donald Trump at the age of 14 released that make that public.


That's she's using a pseudonym. There's grand jury testimony. I want to know what went down there. Why do you think Donald Trump doesn't want this stuff released? We know from the other cases where things have been released, Donald Trump is on Epstein's flight logs at least seven times. That's only a partial flight log. I, there's way more flight logs out there. Donald Trump's all over the deposition. Transcripts of Epstein's sex trafficking victims. Epstein was on Donald Trump's flight. Trump said that Epstein's a great guy who likes girls on the younger side or women on the younger side.


Let's show you right here. This is a compilation that shows you just a small glimpse into the Trump Epstein connection. Here, play this clip. We're Gonna get great ratings in your show. Trump is surrounded by women as music players in the background. After a while, Trump goes to greet three new guests. Among them, the financier, Jeffrey Epstein, more than a decade before his guilty plea on state prostitution charges. Later in the footage Trump is seen talking to Epstein and another man, as women are dancing in front of them. Trump alternates between dancing and pointing out women to Epstein and the other men, and telling Epstein about the cameras, though exactly what they say is difficult to understand as they discuss the women and their appearances, Trump gestures to one and appears to say to Epstein, look at her back there.


She's hot. And then Trump says something else into Epstein's ear that makes him double over with laughter. But as the President says now, he never liked Epstein. Now, You know, we do our own independent research here at the Midas Touch Network. So I had Michael Wolf who spoke with Jeffrey Epstein when Epstein was alive before Epstein died by suicide as as it's alleged. And Michael Wolf said that he's got hours and hours of tapes with Epstein. And Epstein said that they were, he was like Trump's closest friend, like they're as close as can be. And Trump said, Epstein likes young women.


I mean, which I think he means girls. Virginia Giuffre, who died by suicide worked at Mar-a-Lago. Epstein would find the girls at Mar-a-Lago. Ghislaine Maxwell would show up at Mar-a-Lago Ghislaine Max Virginia Giuffre was homeless. She got a job at Mar-a-Lago Ghislaine in the nineties went there, brought her back to Epstein. And that's how Epstein found her at Mar-a-Lago. Okay, here's what Michael Wolf tells me. Let's play it. He sat for many, many hours of discussion with, with me. I mean, certainly, certainly 80, 90, probably a hundred hours I have of Epstein on tape.


And, and one of the discussions, because this was occurring, Trump became the president in, in 2017, I began writing, writing about, about Trump. And so we spent a lot of time talking about Donald Trump and Epstein's relationship with, with, with Trump, which was went on for a good, certainly 15 years and was incredibly close. They were, I, You know, each other's closest friend for a very long time. And Epstein, I, You know, I think Epstein is one of those people who truly knew Donald Trump, knew many secrets about Donald Trump and was threatening to Donald.


So let's use some critical thinking here. So now two things have either happened. Either one, Pam Bondi has been covering up from the public that there exist tens of thousands, tens of thousands of Epstein tapes. Or Bondi is saying that in order to cause further delay, which would be disgusting and vile, or both you, you tell me. But You know, it's strange for me to have to say this in a video, but James O'Keefe got a good video right there.


I think this stuff should be released to the public. Absolutely, 100% will you tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.