
Hey, aren't you that PBM Middleman at your service? Doctor? Don't you get rebates that save money on medicines? Oh, PBMs like me get big rebates. So why do patients tell me they're worried about their costs? No one says we have to share the savings with patients. Congress should make sure medicine savings go directly to patients, not middlemen. Visit phrma.org/middlemen to learn more paid for by pharma.


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage LLC. In its other markets, terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon. The holidays are here. And you know what that means? It's time to get your friends and family the gifts they deserve. Take the stress out of shopping with Amazon's great deals and low prices on a huge range of items, from toys to tech and much more. Whoever you're gifting for, Amazon has great prices on everything you need This holiday season. Shop Amazon for all your gifting needs.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be. Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today,


On October 16th, before the November presidential election, a super PAC called the RBG pac or the Ruth Bader Ginsburg Pac was formed. It used the imagery, the name, image, and likeness of the late great Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, who was a champion for women's rights and women reproductive rights. Now, the RBG pac, which mysteriously formed on October 16th, all of a sudden got $20 million and it was supporting Donald Trump. Donald Trump who overturned Roe b. Wade overturned all of the work of Ruth Bader Ginsburg. But this PAC that used that used Ruth Bader Ginsburg's name, image, and likeness was now endorsing Donald Trump, and it got $20 million injected into it.


So the question was, at that time, who was funding this super pac? The New York Times was suggesting it was Elon Musk. Well, now it turns out that it was indeed Elon Musk. How did we know there was a final FEC deadline for people to reveal the identities of funding sources that just occurred? Here we have the Schedule A FEC form three X. So now we can see who was the funder behind the RBG pack that made all of these ads using Ruth Bader Ginsburg's name, image, and likeness that Ruth Bader Ginsburg's family condemned and said, you have no right to use it, but Elon Musk didn't care. Take a look.


It was Elon Musk who did it. The Elon Musk revocable trust right here is the sole funder that injected $20 million into these very deceptive ads and this $20 million ad buy here are the type of Ruth Bader Ginsburg pack ads that were put up. Great minds think alike, and it showed Donald Trump's image next to Ruth Bader Ginsburg's face. Then there were all of these ads on issues. Great minds think alike. Why Ruth Bader Ginsburg wasn't all that fond of Roe v. Wade Liberal Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg says Roe v. Wade went too far.


And then there were ads like this one right here. This was an ad that ran over and over again in key swing states and made people believe that Ruth Bader Ginsburg was basically endorsing Donald Trump. But this was all an Elon Musk op. This is the ad that was running relentlessly over and over and over again in Swing to states. Now we know it was funded 100% by Elon Musk. Here play this clip. Donald Trump speaks his mind and on the issue of abortion, he's spoken it. No, I'm not in favor of abortion bid. I'm not signing a ban, and there's no reason to sign a ban Under President Trump.


There will be no abortion ban period, but there will be better jobs, a strong economy and a brighter future for our families. He's done it once and he'll do it again. He'll get America back on track. A social media account, RBG PAC was created and it said RBG believed abortion laws should be decided by the states, not the federal government. Trump also doesn't support a federal abortion ban. Great minds think alike. Again, this whole thing was an Elon Musk. Op RBG believed that the federal government shouldn't dictate our abortion laws. This is again, written by Musk's Pac that was called RBG pac.


Now we know it was Musk's pac. Donald Trump also opposes a national ban on abortion and believes the decision should be left to the state's. Great minds think alike. Learn more@rbgpac.com. And there were more ads that ran like that over and over again. Ruth Bader Ginsburg family at the time, late October, 2024, put out the following statement. The RBG PAC has no connection to the Ginsburg family and is an affront to my late grandmother's legacy. Ms. Sparrow said in a statement, the use of her name and image to support Donald Trump's reelection campaign and specifically to suggest that she would approve of his position on abortion is nothing short of appalling.


Ms. Ginsburg's dying wish in 2020 was that she should not be replaced on the Supreme Court until a new president was installed. Ms. Sparrow said at the time, Mr. Trump pushed ahead in the final weeks before losing reelection. My grandmother was a champion for the equality of women and specifically tied to the right of abortion to women's freedom and ability to participate in society. Mspi said on Friday. Meanwhile, Donald Trump gloats about his part in overturning Roe v. Wade. He is a direct threat to reproductive liberty and equality. Justice Ginsburg despised Mr. Trump so openly that she got herself into hot water for it. Quote, I can't imagine what this place would be.


I can't imagine what the country would be with Donald Trump as our president. She told the times in a 2016 interview for the country, it could be four years for the court. It could be, I don't know. I don't even want to complicate that. RBG hated Donald Trump. So what did Elon Musk do? Created the RBG Pac stole her name, image, and likeness without the consent of the family created. RBG Pac pretended. RBG endorses Donald Trump.


There Are a million reasons why you love your cat, the companionship, their affection, even their independence, and your security and the knowledge that you are one of the very few humans that they can tolerate. Maybe even love the worst part, dealing with their litter boxes. Stop scooping poop and upgrade your litter box situation with Litter Robot by Whisker. Litter Robot by whisker is the solution to all your litter box problems. Litter Robot self-cleaning technology automatically cleans after every use. So your cats will always have a fresh bed of litter to do their business and your friends. They won't think that your house smells like a litter Box. Litter Robot will send a notification to your phone when it needs to be emptied. It even gives you data and insights to stay on top of your cat's. Health and Litter Robot is perfect for the gift giving season and the holidays, making it the perfect time to join Over 1 million Happy Pets and pet parents who've upgraded to Litter Robot. I can't even begin to tell you how much my cat Chubs loves his Litter Robot. Also, it's made my life so much easier. The time I save and how clean it keeps my house. It's undeniable. I cannot recommend this strongly enough as a special offer. Whisker is offering up to $100 off Litter Robot bundles. AND as a special offer to listeners, you can get an additional $50 off when you go to stop scooping.com/midas. This is Litter Robot's best offer ever, up to $100 off Litter Robot bundles AND an additional $50 off when you go to stop scooping.com/midas. That's stop scooping.com/midas.


So now what we know is that Elon Musk spent a total of about a quarter billion dollars electing Donald Trump. $20 million went to the RBG pac, which lied about Trump sharing the same positions as RBG on abortion. $238 million went to America Pac and $3 million went to make America healthy again. Alliance PAC affiliated with RFKs Make America healthy again thing. And then the America PAC would also buy these ads in different states like pretending that, or saying that Vice President Kamala Harris had certain positions to get Muslims not to vote for her, then say the opposite position to get Jews not to vote for her.


You know, and they would just send all of this stuff over and over again relentlessly. And we previously reported about some of these things that like the America Pac would then fund some other political action committees, which would then put out these pamphlets that would also be like, here's the, you know, they would say things like, here's the radical agenda that I want. I want to make sure that, and, and they would act like they were coming from supporters of Kamala Harris. They acted like they were pro Kamala Flyers, but they would always say things that weren't actually her positions. Like they would say, Kamala Harris will make sure that all migrants, regardless of their citizenship, get to stay at four star hotels.


Whether you like it or not, isn't this great to be inclusive? They would act like they were supportive of her and, and they would pretend that it was like a pro Kamala Pac, but they were actually pro-Trump acts kind of deceptively pretending to be pro-Trump acts. It's, it's worth noting as well that Donald Trump received $614 million through various political action committees of people like Elon Musk, Timothy Mellon, Miriam Adelson here. You could just take a look at the list of all the other people here. I mean literally these billionaires putting all this money into, you know, have an outcome.


Now, it should be noted that campaign finance laws used to ban all of this stuff, right? But then the Federalist Society in the Case Citizens United claim, that corporations have a First Amendment right and that people should have a First Amendment right to do basically unlimited spending on Super pacs and these independent expenditures. There would be no limits on what you can spend to support a candidate. And so this type of conduct became rampant and all of the guardrails that were in place were removed. And now someone like Elon Musk who's worth hundreds of billions of dollars, I mean, this is like nothing, Tim, I mean, you think about it, like a billion dollars to Elon Musk, someone who's worth $300 billion is like one 300th of his net worth.


So I mean, if, If you have, you know, the, let's say $300,000 in a bank account, right? It would be basically like, you know, the equivalent of spending, I don't know, like, you know, three to $10,000, you know, in, in, in order to influence policy or even, or even less than that. So, I mean, that's what Elon Musk did. Now, I think that there is a broader conversation to be had there absolutely like that, that conduct manipulating elections like that seems to be incredibly egregious, would seem to run afoul of, of common sense in any free and fair election that you would, that that behavior could be allowed or allowable.


But it's just important that we call it out that you know what went down? And again, like, like it, it is, it is a consequence of election finance that was done on a bipartisan basis, getting eliminated. Now it's this. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million. Thanks for watching Real quick. Metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.