
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40%. Off terms apply.


I'm William Gug, a URI Collaborate and professional Ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance rounds around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing, I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the comfiest jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to uri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


This MLB season FanDuel's Dinger Tuesday is back, And this year all customers get a profit boost to BET home runs every week. So gear up to go yard all season long on FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 Plus in President Select states opt in required bonus issued is non Withable profit Boost tokens Restrictions apply, including any token expiration in max wager amount. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER


10 years from today. Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses Lisa's taking now with A A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does and she can finally run with the big dogs. And the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.


Want the same expert advice you get from the pros in the store while shopping online at Discount Tire dot com. Meet Treadwell, your personal online tire guide that matches you with the perfect tire for your vehicle. Get your best match in one minute or less with Treadwell by Discount Tire. Let's get you taken care of.


I'm joined by California Senator Adam Schiff. Senator, we're about 156 days into this Trump regime. I just wanted to get your reaction. You and I haven't spoken in a while to all the maym and chaos that he's causing. Well, this is far worse I think than any of us could have expected. And we expected this administration would be bad. I think we expected that they would have learned from the first administration and that is not had any one of any independents or stature or gravitas in the cabinet or elsewhere that would stand up to him. And, and as a result, his enablers around him are enabling him to do all kinds of terrible things to people, to routinely violate the law, to violate court orders, to militarize law enforcement, to over the objections of our governor in California federalized, the National Guard to create just chaos.


And he may thrive on that, but the American people don't. And we've got a long time ahead of us. And the challenge will be keeping our democracy together until he finally leaves office. Let's talk about this disastrous budget Bill. It was a disaster in the house. It seems that the Senate Finance Committee and the MAGA Republicans in the Senate have made it worse, if that's even possible. Tell us the status. What's happening? What do you and Democrats do in a fight back? Well, this, this is just an awful bill that will do grave harm. It will kick millions of people off their healthcare. It will literally take food from hungry people by cutting the SNAP program dramatically for all their promises that this bill was gonna help working families or average Americans.


The only people really benefiting here are the very wealthy because they're gonna take the so-called savings from taking food away from hungry people and from closing hospitals and closing clinics and depriving people of access to healthcare. They're gonna take those resources and put it into tax cuts for really wealthy people. And even then, it won't pay for the magnitude of tax cuts they want for really rich people. So they're gonna borrow money from our kids and grandkids to pay for the tax cuts that is just so horribly irresponsible. I completely understand why young people feel alien, alienated from government, feel betrayed by the generations that went on before.


My parents' generation, my father's generation that was part of the greatest generation. You know, they, they fought a world war, that generation to protect our freedom, to make this prosperity the country seem possible. Now, this generation wants to basically borrow from their kids and grandkids to give themselves the tax cut. That is such a, such a betrayal. You look at the polling on this disastrous budget bill, and it is very low. Whether you're looking at a Fox poll or a Quinnipiac poll or an ap, you, it doesn't, it doesn't matter. I mean this thing's either in the twenties or the thirties, low thirties, very low.


But it seems that Donald Trump and the MAGA Republicans just think that they get to call it big beautiful Bill. He waves his hands, he does the lie. They roll out the propaganda machine and they jam this down the throats of the American people. They do another scam. And then when it hurts people, they do what they usually do. Blame it on somebody else, find a scapegoat, rinse, and repeat. So how do, how do we stop the cycle of destruction by Trump and MAGA and this propaganda machine that hoist it up? We make them own it every day. We make them own it. And I think that is working. Number one, we're getting out the message about just how awful this bill is and who the real beneficiaries are.


They're pushing out a counter narrative, but it is not gaining any traction because it's simply not true. And I think we're being effective in how we're communicating about this bill. To the point where Republican senators during, I think their last weekly meeting, their lunch meeting several rose up and talked about just what harm this is gonna do, not to their constituents that was only incidental, but what Harman's gonna do to them. The fact that they may lose the house, that they may lose the Senate because the effect is gonna be kicking millions of people off of healthcare. So yes, you are right when they do this, if they do this, then they will try to run away from it.


They'll blame Biden or some other stuff. 'cause the buck always falls with someone else with them. But there will be no hiding the responsibility for this. And that's why staying on this message being focused, you know, drumming it in what a, what a giveaway this is to really wealthy people and what theft it is away from people's healthcare. They promised, Trump promised they weren't gonna raid Medicaid. They're raising, they're rating Medicaid and what's more, because this isn't paid for, they're gonna be automatic cuts to Medicare, so they're gonna break that promise too. But we're gonna stay focused on this.


We expect to have probably at the end of This week, one of those voter rams where we're gonna offer, you know, every amendment that we'll put them on the record through morning, noon, and night and hold that floor as long as we can under the Senate rules and make the case, then we're gonna hit the airwaves and continue to hit the airwaves and let people know how they're being betrayed by this big ugly bill. We see Trump cabinet officials, I would say testifying, but what it appears to me they're doing is either showing up without testimony to give, or I believe lying. Some may call that perjury, although that's a legal definition. They show up in front of the Senate committees, they're unprepared.


They have these weird PowerPoint presentations that don't actually provide the data. They either say they don't know, or they're outright lying. What? What have you made of, you know, it would be a comedy if it wasn't actually so dangerous to see one by one. These stooges show up, unqualified, inexperienced, and frankly lying. You see it firsthand. So what's your take on it, Senator? Well, I think you're absolutely right. There is really no shame. The master of shamelessness is of course, Donald Trump, who, you know, 15 times an hour says things are just proably, patently false. But we've come to expect that from him. We're gonna have to, I guess, come to expect that for a lot of Republicans in Congress, they operate in very much the same fashion.


They say up is down and left is right, and they just make stuff up and they figure as long as they keep repeating it, people will buy it. I mean, after all, there are a lot of people that have bought the false narrative that January 6th was ordinary tourist day. And I think their reasoning is, hey, if you can make people believe they can't believe their lying eyes, they can't believe what they all saw or witnessed, then maybe we can make them believe that this big ugly bill is somehow good for them. But when people's hospital down the road closes, it won't matter whether they're on Medicaid or not, their hospital's gonna close because those Medicaid dollars aren't gonna come to that hospital when their clinic closes.


You know, they're not gonna be able to try to say, Hey, the hospital's really open. You just can't see it. They will not run to the ribbon cutting like they did after the passage of the Inflation Reduction Act and build back better the infrastructure bill when they race to ribbon cuttings that were made possible by a bill they voted against. But they will hide when it comes to the closures from their own bill and we nonetheless will make them own it. Donald Trump's personal attorney who became a top DOJ official, who has now been nominated by Trump to be one of the highest judges in our land.


A third circuit court of appeals judge appeared before the Senate today. And I think my characterization of both the non-answers, equivocating and lying, all happened in once on very serious issues. Our audience will recall that there was a whistleblower letter from another top federal prosecutor saying, Emil Bove engaged in all of this unlawful conduct and then fired the whistleblower for calling out the conduct, including Emil Bove saying, do not listen to federal judges F them F the federal judges. Let me show this exchange that you had with Emil Bove at this confirmation hearing, and let me get your take on everything. Let's play this clip.


Turn to the meeting that Mr. Ney, the whistleblower, has written an extensive complaint about the hearing, started with the chairman reading a social media post by the Deputy Attorney General Blanche, who is present today, but not under oath. Not other nor is that social media post under oath. So let me ask you, since you are under oath in the complain it says, Bove stated that DOJ would need to consider telling the courts fuck you and ignoring any such court order. Did you say anything of that kind in the meeting? Senator? I have no recollection of saying anything of that kind to the extent I use, but would you Recall, Mr.


Bovey, if you said or suggested during a meeting with Justice Department lawyers that maybe they should consider telling the court, fuck you. It seems to me that would be something you'd remember unless that's the kind of thing you say frequently. Well, I've certainly said things encouraging litigators at the department to fight hard for valid positions that we have to take in defense of Our clients. And have you frequently suggested that they say, fuck you and ignore court orders? Is that also something you frequently do such you might not remember doing it in this occasion? No. And as I explained, I have never directed. So did You or did you not make those comments during that meeting? Which Senator, You really need me to repeat it?


Did you suggest, as Mr. Veni wrote that DOJ would need to consider telling the courts fuck you and ignore any such court order? I did not suggest that there would be any need to consider that ignoring court orders. At the point of that meeting, there were no court orders to discuss. Well, did you suggest telling the courts fuck you in any manner? I don't recall. You just don't remember that? I don't recall. Senator, your reaction to that interaction today? He's simply not credible. And you have credible people who were in that meeting making that allegation, including this whistleblower who was promoted, was given a, a number of accolades by the Justice Department during democratic administrations, during Republican administrations.


He was promoted by the Trump administration. Mr. Bove would have us believe that there's just some, some coincidence, some grand coincidence that prosecutor after prosecutor, after prosecutor has had to quit because they wouldn't follow unethical orders by Emil Bove or were fired because they wouldn't do unethical things, or in this case, were fired from making a truthful representation to the court that they had wrongly deported, rendered someone to a maximum security prison outside the court, outside the country. So Mr. Bovey would have us believe that all those people are just making this stuff up, including the judge that presided over the Eric Adams case, who basically said, in contrast again to Emma Bo's testimony today, that everything smacked him as a bargain, as essentially a quid pro quo.


That they would dismiss that case against the mayor of New York in exchange for the mayor's help on the President's immigration policy. So everybody apparently has got it wrong except Emil Bove. I just don't believe him. I don't think anyone believes him. And he made it abundantly clear today why no one should believe him. Finally, Senator, in these dark times with all of the distractions and waking up with another Trump post, is this gonna be a war? Is he gonna send troops into la? There's a lot going on. But do, do, do you see signs of hope in this chaos in, ma'am, I really do. I you see signs of hope every day because you have people like the whistleblower who filed that complaint and brought to the public attention the improper, immoral, and unlawful conduct of iil bove.


You have others that are quitting because they won't engage in unethical conduct. You have Americans taking to the streets in record numbers by the millions to express their views. You see voters in some of the early elections, like in Wisconsin, demonstrating their dissatisfaction with what this regime is doing. So there are reasons every day a university finally stands up to Trump or a law firm finally stands up to Trump. You see people finding their voice, finding their courage, and that ought to give us the confidence to know we will get through this. We've been through other difficult times in our history. This too shall pass sometimes we're gonna have to take it one day at a time, but we're gonna get through this, but it's gonna require all of us.


Senator Adam Schiff, thanks for joining us. As always, great To be with you. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 6 million subscribers. The Truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection@store.midastouch.com. All 100% USA Union made


DMV, the rhythm is here. It's the soul circus rhythm of the world tour. The most electrifying cultural experience of a lifetime is going on now. Rhythm. Under this big top. Every beat tells a story rhythm. Every move shakes the soul. Oh, you don't just watch this show. You feel it, you live it. And if you miss it, you miss out. It's the Rhythm of the World Tour going on now through July 20th at National Harbor. Tickets on sale@universalcircus.com.