
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Donald Trump is the Republican nominee. Would you support him? Well, I'm, I'm hoping Leanne to have other options. That right there was Senator John Thune from South Dakota. Previous interview that he had given Senator Thune was just voted by Republicans in the Senate to be the Senate majority leader. MAGA is absolutely flipping out. So MAGA was pissed to begin with that the vote for the majority leader in the Senate was done by a secret ballot where all of the senators who elect their leader remained anonymous during the vote.


So there were three people who were running for the majority leader position. You had Senator John Thune of South Dakota, Senator John Corny of Texas, and then Senator Rick Scott of Florida. MAGA wanted Rick Scott. Rick Scott said he would do whatever Donald Trump wanted and he would push that through. So the secret ballot was held. Rick Scott lost in the first round. He was like wiped out. Then there was a second round vote between John Thune and John Corden. Thune won that vote 29 to 24. Let's take a look at some of TH's other statements.


This was back from October 8th, 2016. Senator John Thune. John Thune posted Donald Trump should withdraw and Mike Pence should be our nominee effective immediately. It should also be noted that South Dakota Senator John Thune, who's now the Senate majority leader, endorsed Tim Scott over Trump in the presidential primary Senator John Thune is a big supporter of Ukraine and giving aid to Ukraine, which is a very positive development and that is a very bad development if you are maga. MAGA is livid right now.


They think that the deep state rhinos are doing this to undermine Donald Trump. We're seeing lots of messages from MAGA in their freak out right now, like Nick Soar, who post John Thune wins the vote for Senate Majority Leader. The Senate has betrayed Americans. Laura Loomer posted Senator John Thune has notoriously been anti-Trump, and then the MAGA posts have been flooding social media. The vote and secret is unacceptable. Thune is a Mitch McConnell screw over to Trump. John Thune is a McConnell puppet. Let me speak for the American people for a second. John Thune, I dare you to go against the will of the people.


That's your warning. Okay, so what do we do now? How do we make these votes public? I f-ing hate our representatives in DC They don't give a S word what we want f them all. Most of these Republican senators are no different than Democrat senators, swamp creatures. This is the deep state choice. First mag loss. These rhinos time is numbered primary. Every mothereffer who voted for him, we need their names. LFG. This is a direct slap in the face to the American people who those people work for. They need a good reminder of that. That bastard is up for election in 28. Great. We're stuck with him for the whole entire Trump administration.


Here's the statement that Senator John Thon just put out honor to serve as the next US Senate majority leader. I'm extremely honored to have earned the support of my colleagues to lead the Senate and the 119th Congress, and I am beyond proud of the work we have done to secure our majority in the White House. This Republican team is united behind Trump's agenda and our work starts today apparently saying that is not enough for all of these Magdas who view Thune as a deep state plant. Mitch McConnell, of course, was the previous Senate majority leader. He stepped aside after serving as the longest serving Senate leader in history after 18 years in that position.


Going back to who Senator Thune was running against, this was Rick Scott on the Hannity Show the other night when he was trying to position To get that job as the biggest MAGA supporter. Senator running for the leadership position here, play this clip. I'm supporting you. You have a lot of other people supporting you. Tell us why you should get that job. Well first, thanks your thank you for your support. Look, I'm a business guy. Successful business guys get things done. I want the Donald Trump agenda implemented. I want his nominees confirmed as quickly as we can get those nominees confirmed so we can get to work. He's got great nominees. I hope it's true about Marco Rubio.


My friend's gonna be Secretary of State. I hope that's all true. We've gotta get his agenda done. We're gonna be able to do some things through reconciliation. Everything we can do, we need to maximize everything we can do to help Donald Trump get his agenda done. We had a great Tuesday. We had a great Tuesday. We can all be way more excited, but if we don't have the right leader in the Senate than what's gonna happen is all the things that Donald Trump wants to do is gonna get bogged down. Not gonna happen, nominees won't get done. So I am absolutely committed to do whatever it takes To, get his nominees confirmed and get his JE to passed.


Hey, as you know, I'm gonna be a dad and the importance of having life insurance has never been top of mind until now. That's why I'm so excited to introduce select quote. Select quote has helped people save 50% or more by shopping highly rated insurance carriers. They do the legwork and research for you. And select quote is not just for new parents like me, it's for everyone. Listen to this select quote, found a 40-year-old man, a $500,000 policy for only $18 a month, and all of this was in minutes. Wanna cross this off your list Fast. SelectQuote can offer up to $2 million in instant affordable coverage with no medical exam required. So whether you need a $500,000 policy or a $5 million policy, their licensed insurance agents can help you find the right policy for you, your family and your budget plus quotes are completely free and take only minutes. We're all busy. But do me a favor, take a couple minutes today, To, get your free quote. Go to select quote.com. That's select quote.com. You're gonna feel so good to check this big item off your to-do list details on the sample rate@selectquote.com.


By the way, here was John Thons previous statement on Ukraine. He wrote, America cannot retreat from the world stage. American leadership is desperately needed now more than I think any time in recent history. And we need to make sure that Ukraine has the weaponry and the resources that it needs to defeat the Russians because if we're not sending them American weapons and they succeed in Ukraine and they go into a roll into a NATO country than we're going to be sending American sons and daughters. And I would much rather send weaponry ammunition and that sort of thing to let the Ukrainian people who have been really good about carrying the fight to the Russians win the battle. And I hope that we can get the political support to make that happen.


John Thune previously even sent a warning to Donald Trump about the majority leader race saying, I think it's best that you stay out of this race here, watch this, play the clip. Is President elect Trump involved in in, does he have a chosen preference in in the Senate? Do you, do you know Senator and and will that come into play? I don't, Well, I don't know that he does. I, I'm, I'm staying in regular contact with him and with his team and you know, obviously if he wants to, he could exert a considerable amount of influence on that. But honestly, I think my preference would be, and I think it's probably in his best interest to stay out of that.


These Senate secret ballot elections are probably best led to senators and, and he's gotta work with all of us when it's all said and done. But yeah, whatever he decides to do, that's gonna be his prerogative as we know. And I, how many others are think we gotta, we're gonna have that election next Wednesday and we'll have a new leader. How many Here is John Thune when he was the minority whip? Here's what he had to say about giving aid to Ukraine. Play this clip. What message does it send of when one of the leading contenders, potential contenders for Republican presidential nomination says that this is not a vital interest for the United States War in Ukraine and that it's nearly a territorial dispute?


Well, I mean, I think that there are lots of different opinions on US involvement in Ukraine, but I think the majority opinion among Senate Republicans is that the United States had a, has a vital national security interest there and stopping Russian aggression. And, and that's certainly the view I have. And Senator John Thune was supportive of the bipartisan border deal, which Donald Trump killed that bill. And here's what he said about it back in February of 2024. Let's play it. But I will say this, any idea that somehow if we get majorities next year and we get the White House that this gets done with the Republican majority of the Senate, I think is, is doesn't understand the Democrats there will, the Democrats will not give us, will not give us anything close to this.


If we have To get 60 votes in the United States Senate in a Republican majority, we have a unique opportunity here. And the the timing's right to, to do this. If and when this comes up for a vote, I think that could be sometime tomorrow, depending when Schumer triggers it. I would expect that the motion to proceed to the bill will fail. Well, there you have it folks. Maga pissed, Senator Thune is the majority leader. Not exactly a great thing for you to rejoice in, but you know, but obviously MAGA is not happy about that. But look, Senator John Thon of all things is a, a serious person.


He's not like a a MAGA plant. And he is someone who, you know, if there's any silver lining, he's someone you can work with and try to make deals in the best interest of the country. I'll say that to be fair. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Real quick, metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.