
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spend $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's number one sports book two one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a price they have. My favorite brand. It's like a whole new bu dodge. Ah, I Think buy two. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals you'll love Burlington, I told you so.


The new KFC dunk it bucket with juicy original recipe tenders. New mashed potato poppers, crispy fries, plus three sauces that fit right on top of the lid. So you can dunk anywhere. You can dunk at the game dunk while security points to the no outside food sign and dunk as 20,000 people watch you and your dunk it bucket. Get removed from the stadium dunk almost anywhere with the new $7 KFC dunk it bucket. Or get the double dunk it bucket for 25. Prices and participation vary while supplies last Texas tips and fees extra.


I'm joined by Senator Corey Booker. Senator, I want to get your reaction to the chaos that Donald Trump is causing in the markets the chaos that he's plunging our economy into. What, what do you make of it all Senator? Look, It was bad, really bad for Americans before these tariffs. Inflation was up, costs of living was up. Consumer confidence wa was down. We saw all of these things that were already betraying what his promises were to a lot of people that put their faith in him that he would make their cost of living better. But now it is a true just taking a battleax to the economic wellbeing of Americans and frankly having in fact, that's going across the globe.


And so let's just start with the reality is that this is gonna drive prices even higher for Americans. Thousands of dollars to the average American's, annual cost of living. For people that have 401k accounts, their retirement security, they've lost thousands and thousands. I've been hearing from people who had helped to retire this year after working for 25, 30, 35 years, but now don't think they have the money because he's taken $6 trillion overall out of the markets. And then just to see all these big economic indicators start to project a recession, it's just shows that this man, first of all, knows nothing, even his right wing supporters, right?


Leading think tanks like the American Enterprise Institute have said even the, the, the justification that he's making, the data that he's relying on is flawed and convoluted and not based in any kind of strategy or science or, or economics. So this is just, shows exactly what we were saying about Donald Trump before he got in here. This is what, what his own former chief of staff was saying, what his own former Secretary of Defense was saying. All these people said that he was a danger to the national security, a danger to our economy, a danger and a real risk of the continuance of our country. You know, you look at his conduct. Do do you think, I mean, it's beyond just kind of a re reckless to intentional and malicious almost as part of the, I've spoken to some of your Democratic colleagues in the Senate and Senator Murphy was saying, you know, I Think it's intentional.


He goes, I Think it's part of the authoritarian playbook where, you know, by destroying the economy, by putting all these tariffs on, you then have to force businesses and other countries to come to you to beg, please, can I have this? Can I, you make a deal with me. Do you think it's that or do you think it's a combination? What, what, what do you, what do you just make of it all just seems so obviously Reckless. You know, look, I I I, I know from doing a lot of studying strategists from Lao Sue to Great Generals is understanding the motivations of your opposition. It does help in designing stretch, but I'm gonna tell you this right now, blah. I don't give a damn why he's doing it.


I am going to fight this guy. We need to fight this guy because whatever his motivations, whoever you are in this country, whether you're a senior citizen, whether you're a mother, an expected mother, whether you're a a young kid who's in in grade school, whether you're labor and seeing what he's doing to labor laws, whether you're a consumer and what he's doing to consumer protections, whether you're just a family trying to make ends be, he is coming after you. And so screw him and his motivations. I don't wanna try to get in that head because frankly that is an odyssey upon which I do not want to embark.


What my job is, what all of our jobs are as Americans, as patriots, is to protect our country and protect people. And so that's the question right now is how do we stop him from doing what he's doing? He's already proven who he is. If he promised us that he was gonna lower prices, look at his a hundred plus executive orders. Immediately he was doing things to gut ethical loss, to allow more corruption to come into our, into our government, to gut the ability to protect our nation and our de democratic pillars like voting from foreign adv adversaries to gut. Frankly, a lot of the things we put in place during the Biden administration give people more access to healthcare, more access to lower prescription drugs.


These were the things he did right off the black bat, frankly, what he did to environmental protections. And for a guy that lives in a city that has four times the asthma rates of the towns around us, a guy who lives in community where kids suffer from all kind of environmental toxins. He's allowing polluters to pollute more, which is gonna raise rates of asthma, emphysema deaths from those things, and therefore raise healthcare costs and more people being rushed to the emergency room. Everywhere I look, he is hurting people, he's hurting Americans. And the voices that I tried to read from the Senate floor, as many of them I could center as possible. They were Republican voices and democratic voices.


They were young voices and old voices. They were Republican elected officials and democratic elected officials all screaming to the moral moment that we're in that we are in a crisis. We are in a crisis. We cannot allow this guy to stay the course of what he's doing. Senate majority leader John Thune was recently asked about the tariffs. He's really kind of refusing to criticize Donald Trump, but says, you all know where I stand, but this is what he ran for. Let me show you what senators said and then get your reaction to it. Leader with respect to tariffs, the White House has said that an additional 50% tariff will go on China if retaliatory tariffs by China are not taken down.


This means that the, according to some estimates, the tariffs could reach as high as 104%. What do you say to that and what do you say to the markets in particular, which are very rattled by all of these tariffs? Well, look, and and I Think you've all covered this place long enough, you, I Think everybody kind of knows my views on tariffs. But the, the fact of the matter is the president ran on this. There wasn't a, a campaign event where he didn't talk about the importance of getting other countries to treat us more fairly when it comes to trade, bilateral trade, multilateral trade in this country. And 77 million people voted for, for him and his agenda. And I Think he deserves the opportunity to see what kind of deals he can get from some of our trading partners.


Senator, what do you make of that statement from majority leader? Th I mean, again, it, it, we as a senate are abandoning our constitutional obligations, the Senate, it was not created, Congress was not created to bow down to the will of an executive and let them do whatever they want. The, the, the article one branch of government was to create a check and a balance on that kind of authority, on presidential power. And so, so again, somebody who won, by the way, he did not win the majority of votes. One of the narrowest margins in the history of our country. Majority of people voted against him. So, so that, that argument to me is just so insufficient to justify any of the kind of behavior of Congress.


But if you were just talking about what your constitutional duty is, it's to provide checks and balances, provide oversight. We haven't had one hearing on the outrageousness that we're seeing, whether it's Elon Musk, the richest man in the world and what he's doing. Not one oversight hearing to his gutting of Social Security administration to his gutting of health and human services, not, not a hearing on his gutting of the va, 80,000 people. No, no hearings whatsoever on that behavior. No hearings on the national security breach in Signal Gate. Not one hearing to ask the right questions. We should be asking, is this the pattern and practice of the way they, they've been communicating?


Have they had other instances of using a commercial app to, to communicate classified information? I can go on and on and on. We have abated our constitutional obligations. We are not just to lay down to a president, Democrat, or Republican who gets elected to that office. That's not the role. And it's unfortunate to hear him say that when he disagrees, he basically is admitting that he disagrees with this policy, but is not doing anything to create accountability for, Let's talk about what the fight looks like. I mean, I Think that a visual of that fight was of course your 25 hour plus speech where you stood there and you brought attention, I Think to all of these issues courageously.


And you saw in doing that the American people were rallying behind that as well. It was a galvanizing moment. Now, Democrats don't control the Senate for now. They don't control the house for now. They don't control the White House for now. So the American people though don't care. They said, we still want you to fight. We, we want you to fight. So what does that look like right now? You know, as we do this interview on April 8th, Tuesday, 2025? Well, first of all, lemme just give credit to the American people that were demanding of me. I had constituents coming here with awful stories of what was happening to them. And they were saying the truth, you're not doing enough.


You need to do more. You need to take some risks. And so that the motivation of that 25 hours where the voices of my constituents were calling for us to step up more. And it's one of the reasons why we were so determined to center their voices now. And so this is a time that Congress is what it's, they, they have the majorities in the house and the Senate, but it doesn't mean that we'd still all have agency and we don't have the ability to think of creative tactics and, and stance to make. And especially when we have leverage, whether it is the coming continuing resolution, whether it is the debt ceiling rise, or whether especially it is for any legislation that they might propose.


We've gotta exercise that leverage. We've gotta continue to fight in the courts. I know historically that can be important, necessary but not sufficient. As we saw with Brown versus Board of Education. It was a tremendous legal victory, but it didn't result in the integration of American schools. We had to do a lot more marching, a lot more fighting. You had to see the courageous stands of people like Ruby Bridges being escorted by federal authorities into school. But the final area, I always say the three buckets you fight in the courts, you fight using every legislative and procedural tactic you can. But the third most important way to fight, which is again, part of my 25 hour stand.


But more importantly than that, part of the millions of people who stood over the weekend in the, and the hands off of rallies around this country between 1,002 thousand of them, is that we have to exercise the greatest power in a democracy, which is the power of the people. And I, I'm a firm believer that history shows that the power of the people is greater than the people in power, no matter how obstinate, stubborn or determine those powerful foes are. And I know that because it was just in 2017 that I witnessed John McCain, Lisa Murkowski and Susan Collins changed their votes. And as much as my ego would like to say it was because of the persuasiveness of their Democratic Senate colleagues, it wasn't that it was Americans who went to extraordinary lengths to demonstrate, to protest, to exercise their free speech rights.


It was powerful little lobbyists that came here in their wheelchairs rolling up on Congress people and letting their voices be heard. It was veterans who came to demonstrate. It was seniors who came to demonstrated others that eventually called to the conscience of a few re Republicans to change their vote. And so right now, perhaps the most powerful tool we have in our toolbox is our ability to exercise first amendment rights, to assemble, to protest, to speak up, to stand up, to rise up as a people and not let them do it. And there are a lot of house members that are in districts where they now know, especially with the success we had, not just in Wisconsin, but even in narrowing the gap in, in heavily Republican districts as we did in Florida.


There are people that are in Congress right now who are seeing their chances of reelection go further and further down as they continue to stand with Trump and Musk and, and, and refuse to stand with what the people in their district are saying to them. The more we pressure people like that to change their boats, the more likely we are to be able to stop them from gutting Medicaid, from continuing to put tariffs that raise prices from gutting social security and the other things that are in their crosshairs all to give perhaps want some of the historic largest tax cuts to the wealthiest in our country. You know, I've seen some data, and I'm not sure if you've seen it as well, that with all of the cuts that Doge has been make, whatever what the wrecking ball that Doge has been taking to the government, the hostile takeover of our federal government, the destruction of all of these programs that provide essential services, there has actually not been cuts in federal spending.


That federal spending is actually higher than it was the same time last year, or at least right, right in that range. There's been no major cuts at all actually. And, and then you layer on top of that, that musk just won't show up And that your Republican colleagues won't ask the questions and even bring these people to hold hearings. It's, it's just very odd. No, I mean, look, this is everything they're saying is, is a is factually, you can show it's a law. This is not about ending government corruption. They have taken out inspector generals, they have taken down rules to stop corruption.


They've opened up more corruption starting with the president himself who's violating the arguments clause. This is not about government efficiency. They've done things to dismantle things that created more transparency and efficiency in government operations. And as you just said, it's not about lowering government spending. They are ratcheting it up, including their immigration play, which is adding tens of billions of dollars to our, our, our budget expenses by the, by funding principally private prisons to warehouse overwhelmingly nonviolent people. But on top of that, they're taking important government work like the A TF, they're dismantling the A TF and redirecting those resources towards their immigration efforts, which again, are not going after the violent criminals.


Simply they're going after the parents of American children, the spouses of American people who came here legitimately fleeing violence, who have legitimate asylum claims. And so what this is to me, it's a tyranny play. It's a tyranny play. It's about a chaotic and capricious craven president who is trying to get more power by violating constitutional norms, by assaulting the Article three branch, the judiciary. So much so that the chief justice of the Supreme Court had to come back at him really using every way he can to, to beat Article one branch into submission as far as literally threatening to run primaries funded by Elon Musk at tunes of a hundred million dollars against anybody that steps outta line.


This is a tear you play. And, and again, I return to the wisdom of of Frederick Douglass who said, the limits of tyrants are prescribed by the endurance of those they seek to impress, to oppress. The limits of tyrants is prescribed by the endurance of those they seek to oppress. How much is enough for us? When will we as a people say, enough, enough? We had millions of people marching over the weekend, but we need millions more. When are people gonna go from being bystanders to upstanders? When are people gonna go from just sitting back and doing nothing? And understanding that is the only thing necessary for bad people to be triumphant is for good people to do nothing.


When are we gonna realize that the wisdom of Martin Luther King, that what we are ultimately gonna have to repent for in this day and age? It's not just the vi words or violent actions of bad people, but the appalling silence, an inaction of good people. It's time for everybody to say Enough is enough as, as another great activist Sojourner Truth, that I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired, and we need to all get out there and, and do more and demand more and make government finally bend to the will of The Midas Touch Podcast is also the most downloaded and watched podcast in Canada. Our fans in Canada call themselves the Maple Midas, and they're very worried about the constant threats of annexation.


And they don't even view Trump's rhetoric as just like a trade war. They're like, those are actual words of war when you talk about taking over our country. And what they've conveyed to me is the same way Putin uses deification to invade Ukraine. Trump's pretext of all the Canadians are drug dealers bringing in fentanyl. That's why we need to annex it. They're like, that's the Putin tactic, that's the war tactic. We don't find this funny. We don't think this is a joke. We take it seriously. They're boycotting tourism, they're boycotting American products, which is hurting our economy. And so what are you hearing though, like one, what do you say to all the Canadians out there who are like, what the heck has happened to the United States?


What are you hearing from foreign leaders in general about this, this moment where they feel betrayed by a country that used to be their top ally in the leader of the free world? Well, first of all, God bless the Canadians, I, I'm their strength and their resolve, their unwillingness to kowtow, to this petty threats by Donald Trump. God bless our northern neighbors because in many ways their strength is our strength. I, I stand for America. And if, and what is in America's interest is to stand with perhaps their strongest ally throughout my lifetime. That's been the, the Canadians. But in terms of what I'm hearing from other leaders, it's painful.


It is painful. On the Foreign relations Committee for these past years, I've developed great relationships with everybody from European leaders to African leaders, middle East leaders and more. And all of them will say to me in private, that they have for their lifetime, look to America for light and example. They know that we are not a perfect nation. They know that we have made real mistakes, but they have never believed that our intentions weren't noble, our intentions weren't good. This is the first time they really are questioning American intent and seeing a president that was elected once, you know, that fool me once, shame on, shame on, shame on you, but fool me twice, get elect him twice.


Shame on you Americans. And I'm hearing that from a lot of folks who just are so disappointed that our country, knowing who he is, would allow him to the presidency again for him to shake up not just the rules based world order, but at a time that authoritarian governments are on the rise and, and we're seeing demo democracies decline, seeing democratic traditions under assault. They just can't believe that am America, the United States of America would be part and parcel of the undermining of the values and principles of free democracies. People are afraid also to take trips here for tourism or just to travel here for work from foreign countries.


They're afraid that they'll get sent into an ice detention center with no due process. They can get kidnapped and sent to El Salvador's maximum prison facility, which frankly looks like a concentration camp, you know, and how that's set up to hard labor camp in, in, in there. And then the Supreme Court, which has been a massive disappointment, seems to be, you know, delaying and on procedural grounds, you know, not making, you know, at least a firm position. I mean, they did say habeas petitions as it relates, but it's gonna be hard for migrants to find lawyers to do habeas petitions right away.


And, but what do you make of what the Supreme Court's ruled recently and just what's going on with these, I call 'em kidnappings and then sending people to El Salvador. You know, look, we are, we are far more connected on this planet and in this nation than we realize. I I Think that goodness, decency, mercy, grace, it, it's a, these are viral spirits. In fact, I, I know at Stanford, they have a researcher that has shown that doing one act of kindness, even like walking down the street and bending up, down and peeking up that piece of trash, not realizing that people are seeing you do that actually could affect the behavior of people.


Three degrees of separation. So I always tell people, use your power, be a force of good and kindness and decency in a world that really needs more of it. The problem is, is that meanness, cruelty can also be a viral as well. And I I we now have in the White House, somebody who does not embody the best of our virtues doesn't embody the kind of ideals that we wanna see in this world. And, and I tell you the, the, the, the echoes of presidents of past, you know, George Washington, I cannot tell a lie. Well, we have a president now that cannot tell the truth in the midst of the most divisive period imaginable in, in our country's history, the Civil War, you had a president stand up and instead of malice towards none and charity towards all, when yet now we have a president that is all about malice and, and doesn't know charity, that spirit at all.


You, you had presidents that said, you know, Mr. Gorbachev tear down this wall and now you have a president saying, Hey, Mr. Putin, have that, have that Ukraine, I'll, I'll support you. If we're having negotiations for quote unquote peace, we'll start the negotiation and giving away 20% OO of your land. That was taken by this authoritarian leader. I I can go on and on and on. President named Kennedy, he said, that's not what your country can do for you asked what you can do for your country. Well, Trump clearly the way he's treating law firms, the way he's treating corporations, it's not, that's not what you can do for your country. It's ask not what you can do for your country.


Ask what you can do for Donald Trump. What tribute can you pay? How will you supplicate yourself before me? What will you offer me? So I will take my personal vendetta that I'm directing towards you away. This is a very dangerous time with a president that is in so many ways, not just assaulting social security and Medicare and veterans and senior citizen, well senior citizens. He's actually assaulting the very dignity and values and virtues of, of our nation. We are a good people, but this president is acting in portrayal of that. Now, this goes also to the reality that I'm hoping more Americans will realize.


It is a fundamental truth that this idea of due process written in our con constitution doesn't say American citizens. It says due, it says due process is for all people. Now I've heard it, Anton Scalia, conservative justice, speak to this point about the importance of due process. And so when you disappear somebody off of a street and the next time you see them is in one of the most awful prisons, And that person's due process was completely violated and, and, and even our government admits they made a mistake. If you think that that's all that is horrible, what's happening to those people over there? I I want you to know that if you attack the due process rights of anyone in our country, you are jeopardizing the due process rights of everyone in our country.


If, if they could disappear a, A-A-A-A-A, a man who came here, a gay human being who's escaping violence and discrimination is on the street and was disappear in the way he was, do not fool yourself that this is paving away at creating a slippery slope for the violations that you hold, the, the violation of the values you hold here in your very process. These are extraordinarily dangerous times and we need to be waking folks up to know that the rights that he is taking away from others are putting directly in jeopardy the rights that you hold most dear as an American.


You mentioned how you sit on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. One of Donald Trump's promises was that on day one there would be peace in Ukraine. In fact, he said it would be so easy 'cause he was close to Putin and Zelinsky that it would be the easiest thing to do. In fact, before day one he said that there would be peace. Well, here we are, April 8th, 2025. It seems all the Trump regime has done has empowered Putin. Fortunately, I Think Europe has been rallying and holding these coalition of the willing meetings in France and the UK to help zelensky and show you ain't gonna do bilateral US Trump regime and Putin, we are here with them.


So we're either included or there ain't gonna be a deal. But what are you seeing? Where do we stand April 8th, 2025? And again, I I, you know, I I get a chance to meet every once in a while, these veterans from World War ii and it's very moving when you meet them, especially people that faced unimaginable challenges fighting the Nazis. And you know, we're, we're the country that, you know, bled on those beaches in Europe. I've, I've seen fields of, of, of cemeteries of Americans who gave their lives and fight in the fight against fascism, the fight against authoritarians who thought they could conquer the world, take on weaker countries.


I I'll tell you, you meet these veterans in your reminded that who we are at our core, we're the, we're the nation of the Berlin Airli. We're the nation of the Marshall Plant. We, we are the station that has so much nobility in our stands against the bully, against the authoritarian leader. And, and it is so insulting now to watch Donald Trump suddenly Kowtow talk about how much he respects it admires somebody like Putin and how much he insults somebody like Zelensky. We, we are the country that condemns dictators and defends heroes. And Donald Trump seems to have that twisted. And so I I, I am, I am proud to see other democratic nations rallying together and I am looking forward to the time where we could end this time of Trump and rejoin a community of nations and provide leadership an example again in this world.


But that's not gonna happen inevitably. It's only gonna happen if we show the same kind of strength that foot soldiers for Justice and Freedom did in the past. And not just foot soldiers in war, but foot soldiers here at home, foot Soldiers in the suffrage movement and the labor movement in the Civil Rights Movement and in the abolitionist movement, foot Soldiers in the disabilities rights movements and the L-G-B-T-Q movements, every great stride against oppression, against tyranny, against division, against demagoguery has been led by foot soldiers who are willing to get in good trouble and stand for something.


And this is one of those calls, this is that kind of moral moment in American history right now where future generations are gonna ask, what did you do? Where did you stand? Well, I knew where my grandparents stood from their war bonds. They bought to the Victory Gardens. They had my grandfather working on the will run bomber assembly line in Michigan. I know where my parents stood. My mom was at a sit-in, in, in Charlotte offering the indignities of people that wouldn't serve them. I know where my parents generation stood on the march on Washington and more, but we are not gonna be called the Storm beaches in Normandy. We're not gonna be called to get on Freedom rides knowing that our buses will be bombed or do marches knowing we'll get beaten like they did on the Edmund Pedes Bridge.


But this is still our test. This is still our time. This is still our moment. I believe from what I saw this past week, that the movement is now growing, that people are realizing the moment is now here. But folks like you, frankly, and and folks like me have to do more and more everything that we can to try to be one in that number of folks that are inspiring action at a time that we so urgently needed. Senator Cory Booker, thank you so much for joining us. First time on the Midas Touch Podcast. We appreciate you, we hope you come Back. I appreciate you. I hope you'll have me back. But I'm really thankful what I, what I said is really sincere. You all have become such a powerful voice in doing the things I tell my office that we should be doing all the time, informing people, engaging people, inspiring people, and most importantly, activating others.


'cause a real test of leadership, which I Think you guys are showing, is not saying, Hey, follow me. I'm your leader. The real test of leadership, I Think is what you are showing is reminding people, as Ella Baker said, that, that you are the leaders. We are the leaders we've been looking for, and I have a responsibility to lead in a time of, of trouble like this. Well, we appreciate you, we appreciate your leadership in the Senate and we hope to have you back soon. Everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million. Thank you so much. Thank you. Take care now. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.