
Have you ever spotted McDonald's hot crispy fries, right as they're being scooped into the carton and time just stands still.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com cancel any anytime terms apply.


What makes a great pair of glasses At Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


I'm joined by Senator Adam Schiff. Senator, I want to get your reaction to that travesty in the Oval Office today where Donald Trump was attacking Ukrainian President Zelensky in the Oval Office with JD Vance laundering, talking points seems directly from the Kremlin. You had President Zelinsky, in my view, kind of holding his ground, defending his country, and frankly all democracies. I want to get your reaction to what you observed. I was horrified and sickened by it. I think about what other generations of Americans have done going off to war in World War ii, fighting for our freedom, fighting for democracy, fighting for our values, to see them so utterly betrayed In this meeting, it is just really incomprehensible to have the President of the United States and the Vice President of the United States siding with the Kremlin dictator, re regurgitating his talking points.


A country that brutally invaded its neighbor that has massacred tens of thousands of people that has kidnapped children, that is torturing POWs. That's the guide they're defending and they're abusing the president of Ukraine, Zelensky, who was forced to defend himself, defend his country, and all in the service of what exactly the mineral rights. Is that what this is about? The, that President Trump is upset. He didn't get the mineral rights to Ukraine, are we that transactional? Does nothing matter to us, but, but some kind of protection racket or I don't know what, but whether this was a deliberate sabotage.


An orchestrated sabotage, or whether a small petty, weak president, Donald Trump was just offended that, that the president of Ukraine stood up for his country. I don't know, but we are gonna be living with the consequences of this for a very long time. Your Colleague, Senator Lindsey Graham, a Republican, he spoke after the meeting and he said that he thinks that after that Moscow will be more afraid than ever. Let, let me show you what Senator Graham had to say, and I'll get your reaction to it. Takeaway. I told President Trump, I said, there's two ways to look at this. Your interaction with, with Zelensky was maybe the best television I've ever seen, but it's deeper than that.


The world is now watching how Trump behaves and acts when he's pressed. I thought he stood up for America that we're a good people, we want to help you, but we're gonna be respected. So I think Moscow is probably more afraid of Trump than ever hoped the Chinese are, and I hope the Iranians are as to Zelensky and Ukraine to the Ukrainian people. America wants to help you. The way the meeting went today, you made it almost impossible to help you. Senator Schiff, do you think Moscow was more afraid than ever after what they observed in the Oval Office earlier today with Trump and Zelensky? I can't imagine a better meeting from the point of view of Vladimir Putin.


He has to be just overjoyed with this. Watching the president of the United States betray Ukraine, watching the President of the United States call Ukraine the aggressor, make out zelensky to be a dictator. Literally, they must be celebrating in a Kremlin. This has been such a dramatic transformation of American policy. So I don't know what meeting my colleague was watching, but it could not have been the same meeting that the rest of America and the world we're watching. This is a dream come true for the Kremlin, but for our allies. And I think you can see the reaction of our allies, world leaders in Europe and elsewhere, all coming to the defense of Ukraine.


They witnessed the same meeting and they're all expressing support for Ukraine and why? Because they witnessed the president of the United States betray Ukraine. So I don't think there's any question about what the mood is in Moscow, it's just jubilate. But everywhere else, it's, it's a cataclysm. And frankly, if the President of the United States won't defend our values, won't defend democracy, won't stand by our allies, then we damn well need to do it in Congress. And I hope that what we heard from one of my colleagues is very much an outlier, because if it isn't, I don't know what happened to the party of Ronald Reagan. Ronald Reagan must be rolling over at his grave right now.


Yeah. So What do you think is the reaction that's gonna be, I'm not sure if you've heard anything from some of your colleagues, perhaps on the other side of the aisle yet. That's what Lindsey Graham had to say. There was, you know, tended to be bipartisan support for, by and large, I mean, I would say there were a lot of Republicans in the house who were in supportive of Ukraine, but in the Senate there was more bipartisan support of Ukraine and Zelensky. What, what are you hearing now? Are Republicans so afraid of Trump that they're just gonna, they're they're afraid of his tweets and Elon Musk posting things on, on X and, and Doge, whatever. I mean, what, what, what's going on? I went to the Munich Security Conference, which was only a week or 10 days ago, and it was a bipartisan delegation.


We sat down and met with Zelensky. During those meetings, I expressed my strong support for Ukraine. I took issue with what Secretary Hegseth had then said about, well, Ukraine won't be a member of nato and they're not gonna be able to retain the territory that Russia has invaded. And said that no Ukraine and NATO should decide who's in nato. Nobody gets a veto. The Kremlins really doesn't get a veto. And what's more, we shouldn't be undercutting Ukraine in terms of its territory, even before negotiation begins. And those remarks I made were not an outlier. I think they were very much consistent on a bipartisan basis with what other senators in the room also felt.


Now, whether they'll speak out, some have spoken out before today, whether they'll speak out after today when they cannot avoid a direct confrontation with the president remains to be seen. But if not now, when, if not after such a fundamental betrayal, then indeed their support for Ukraine, for our international standing has simply vanished, disappeared along with Donald Trump's arrival on the scene. So after that Oval Office meeting, Donald Trump canceled a press conference that was supposed to happen, and then announced that he posted on his social media platform that he was also just canceling the peace talks.


I mean, it feels like what a petal and child would do in a situation like that. Then he went outside of the White House and he was wearing the, like the red MAGA hat, and he was basically asked by the press, so what would zelinsky what, what, what should zelinsky have done in the Oval Office? And Trump is like, well, he shouldn't have stood there and been like, Putin's bad, Putin this, Putin that. Like, why was he talking about like Putin that way? I mean, here, here you could hear for yourself what Trump said. I'll get your reaction to it. Let's, let's play. He's gotta say, I wanna make peace. He doesn't have to stand there and say about Putin this, Putin that all negative things. He's gotta say, I wanna make peace.


I don't wanna fight a war any longer. His people are dying Trump saying, he doesn't have to say negative things. Putin this Putin and that. I mean, it's, it's, I'm watching that and I'm thinking to myself like, this is crazy. This is crazy stuff. It is crazy stuff. And it's a continuation of what we heard from President Trump yesterday when he was talking about how we can rely on Putin. And Putin seems to be a man of his word. This is the guy who puts polonium in your tea and kills you. This is a guy who as murdered journalists and thrown not personally, but had top Russian military and other leaders who disagree with him or aren't sufficiently pro Putin thrown out of windows, or has their plane crashed as we saw with ProGo.


This is the guy that we're gonna ly trust him, and he's taking issue with Zelensky for his criticism of Putin. We used to have presidents of the United States until this one who would share that criticism of the Kremlin dictator. But look, this is Donald Trump being petulant Donald Trump. This is Donald Trump caring about nothing of American values. It's just about his ego or trying to make a buck or ize himself. If he truly believed in the peace negotiations, would he be willing to walk away from them on, you know, with such a huff, you know, it's all about Donald Trump.


And today Donald Trump wasn't pleased with a, a leader who stood up for himself and stood up for his country and wasn't gonna be a lick fiddle. But you can see the reaction around the world. And it has not isolated zelensky, it has isolated Donald Trump and sadly the United States of America along with him. Well, Senator this week as well, Donald Trump said he would be selling Trump gold cards for $5 million of pop to Russian oligarchs. He said, yes, Russian oligarchs, they could buy into the United States if they wanted to be citizens. They didn't have to buy a Trump gold card. I won't get into that. I've covered that before. Just final question, which is, it's obviously a dark day, a day that's going to live in infamy, in American history, world history, and especially in Ukraine.


So first, as a senator from California, you know, as someone who is a, a leader in the United States Senate and generally in our, our pol body politic right now, what is, what do you wanna say to the people of America right now? And then what do you wanna say to the people of Ukraine and the world? Well, to the people of America, I want to just say, this is not who we are. This is not who we are. We don't bully an ally. We don't take this side of a dictator. We don't ignore the long and important role that we have played in defending democracy. That is not who we are, we're, we're just not.


We're we saw displayed by the President of the United States today. And I think we all have a role to play right now in the defense, not just of Ukraine, but of what the country stands for of our values. I would say to our allies around the world, what they witnessed too might be Donald Trump, but it is not America. And we'll have to get through this period. We'll have to struggle through this period. We'll have to be more reliant When I say we, the freedom-loving people of the world are gonna have to be more reliant on other leaders in the world because we cannot rely on this president. And it's a terrible way to feel about a president of the United States.


But the shameful display we had today is so an antithetical to everything that our country has stood for, and I hope it has never repeated. Senator Adam Schiff, thank you for joining us this evening. Thank you, Everybody. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Can't get Enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.