
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com. Today


The NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA, Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets when you bet, just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and Wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit CPG dot org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


I'm William Gug, a URI Collaborate and professional Ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing, I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to burri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Location. The lab, Quentin only has 24 hours to sell his car. Is that even possible? He goes to carvana.com. What is this? A movie trailer. He ignores the doubters, enters his license plate. Wow, that's a great offer. The car is sold, but will Carvana pick it up in time for It? They'll literally pick it up tomorrow morning. Done with the dramatics Car selling in record time. Save your time, go to carvana.com and sell your car today. Pick up. These may apply.


Trump voters are getting a rude awakening it seems every single day, whether it's Donald Trump posting about reopening Alcatraz or AI images of himself as the Pope. As the world is grieving the passing of Pope Francis, whether it's Donald Trump's trade wars against the world, or Donald Trump saying he doesn't know if he needs to follow the Constitution. And saying that he doesn't believe immigrants should get due process and that they shouldn't get trials at all. And we're looking at the polling data. We're seeing some of the biggest drop off as well among Trump voters, Latino voters for Trump. Now overwhelmingly disapprove of Donald Trump.


And you remember we were showing you videos like this leading up to the election and even thereafter, let, let's play this clip right here. If they let in hundreds of thousands of people who already have criminal records, if deporting them, create some mass deportation, I'm all for it. But what if rounded up in all of that are people who work on a farm, they're doing the jobs that Americans don't want to do. Does that, does that worry you? That Wouldn't be fair. Of course. You know, they need to make sure that they don't throw away, they don't kick out, they don't deport people that are, that are family oriented. That are family oriented. Let's bring in Arizona, Senator Rubin Gallego, Senator Gallego, you were warning leading up to the 2024 election about Latino defections.


And that was one of the things that we saw. So te tell us, what are you seeing now? Well, I certainly have seen a reverso mostly among Latino men, and I would say it started about three to four weeks ago. So it's a combination really, of the fact that they're deporting people that aren't criminals, that they're separating families. All these things that either a, that a lot of these voters lied to themselves and said that that wasn't gonna happen. Or, you know, let's be clear. Trump at different points in time will actually say the same thing. And he just said it two weeks ago, like, we shouldn't deport be deporting anybody that's here working. Right? And he'll kind of drop these nuggets here and there to kind of give hope to some of these people that some for some reason would wanna believe them.


But the economy is the other thing that kind of has, has really pushed these guys back out of at least not being big, big supporters of Donald Trump. You know, Latinos are, you know, much like especially Latino men, sorry, just like black men. They're the first to fire and the last to hire. You know, when wages get stagnant, they're the ones who feel it right away. It's all these things that they're more sensitive when things start going bad. And I, I guarantee you that the, if the economy, which is, is slowing down, they're the ones that are feeling it right now. And I think that's why you're seeing these numbers kind of change. Let's talk about the economy because you know, the markets are very volatile. It seems one day Trump or Scott Scent, his treasury secretary will talk about, oh, there may be a deal, there may be that.


And so the market has these massive fluctuations. But I think systemically when you take a step back and you're looking at the shrinkage in the GDP, you're looking at freight volumes and trucking volumes. Another story's emerging. Can you speak to what you're seeing, Senator? Yeah. So the, these Latinos men and, and women aren't basing their feelings on the stock market. Not that some of them don't invest in the stock market. Some of that, you know, I'm sure have 4 0 1 Ks. IRAs are, you know, aren't invested themselves. What they're responding to is to slow down the economy, right? These are the men and women that are your truck drivers, your delivery, you know, short, short haul delivery people, they're the ones that work at factories.


They're the ones that do hourly work. And when they feel the contraction in the economy, they're the first ones that feel it, right? They're the waiters. So like if they start seeing tips being less tips coming in, you know, they're the ones that are working at factories and ones that are working on construction sites. And so if there's any slowdown, they're the first ones to feel it. And that that is what they're responding to. So Cent and the president can come and say whatever they want to kind of ease the markets. If these men and women feel that they are unstable, uncertain about their future, they're getting fired or they're getting their hours reduced, they're going to be unhappy. It doesn't matter what the stock market is doing.


And you know, if you look at what happened the first quarter, you know, GDP contracted by 0.3% and that's, you know, not, that's even before terrorists will fully get, get queued in, wait to see what happens in the second term. So this is, this is something that is going to negatively give an opinion. They're just not gonna, you know, right now they're not gonna trust Republicans when it comes to the economy and immigration, which are the two things that a lot of 'em did trust last time going around. Well, how could they trust your Republican colleagues when you try to show objective data to them about the economy, what do they say? But have you read The Art of the Deal? Yeah. Have you read The Art of the Deal? It's a book everybody.


Yeah, Yeah. Well I never talked, I never tried to talk to anybody about it. Like bring objective data to, to the conversation. You know, I try to keep it extremely as close to reality as possible. And like, you know, what, what they understand and, and which would out, not not just Latinos, but everyone understands, like, you know, are your wages going higher? Have prices gone down? And and normally they just tell me no, that that's not the case. And you know, if you do that enough, they'll, they'll, they'll figure it out. And you know, the, I think there's gonna be a lot of spinning that's gonna happen from the right from Donald Trump at the end of the day, you know, inflation's still high. You still can't buy a house in Arizona, rent's still high.


You can't buy a vehicle cheaply anymore. And now there's a really good chance that you're going to be losing your job. So everything that that, that any trust that they've had for this president is now quickly, quickly eroding. You're a veteran, you were in the Marines. I wanna ask you your view about how Donald Trump's been handling the military, Pete, he's careless handling of classified information cutting of the va. What, what have you made of, of, of all of their moves there? Yeah, let me, let's, let's start with two separate things. Number one, this administration is the most anti veteran administration in the history of this country. And I, and I'm not even close, right?


You know, today we had the VA secretary in our committee hearing and he could not pinpoint why and where he came about that he wanted to cut the workforce of the VA by 15%. There's no logical reason to it. There's no study, there's nothing that they just came up with this number. Some Doge boy out of, you know, San Jose, California, who has zero experience with, you know, the VA came up with this number and now, now they're executing it. You know, this recently they tried to float the idea of changing Veterans Day to World War II Day world. I day like how stupid are you to even think about that? You know, there's veterans that are starting to see the effects of some of these cuts, you know, where we're hearing about, you know, therapists that have to have some of their sessions in open, you know, open air cubicles, which is horrible for privacy matters.


It is all, all bad. And, you know, it doesn't surprise me again, this man has zero concept of selflessness self service or service to the country. And, you know, he, he thinks if he just acts tough that the veterans would be happy with them in the end. And that's, that's not the case on the military side. You know, the lack of leadership from Hegseth as well as just the fact that they're entirely eroding our world alliances and making the world more unstable is what I think also pisses off a lot of veterans. We feel that, that, you know, that he's, the president's pissing away years and years of a stable relationship with st stable and, and reliable alliance with our European partners.


They're making us weaker versus China. All these things that, you know, some of these veterans and, and people that were military men did not think would happen are now happening in addition to just, you know, again, the hypocrisy of something like Hsf talking about, you know, the security, operational security that you know we need. And then engaging such really, really risky information sharing that would've gotten me thrown in jail when I was in the Marines. Talk about your trip. You're going to Bucks County. I understand. What's the, they're calling it, the press is calling it Shadow Primaries.


What, what are you calling it? Why are, why, why, why are you, why are you getting there? Well, we're going there 'cause we got invited to go and we've gotten invites to a lot of places to speak about Medicaid and, and Democrats. And this is something that I've done pre before being a senator, traveling the country, you know, even in Arizona this, this last couple months, I've been traveling to red, red parts of Arizona to talk about the cuts they wanna do to Medicaid. How people are gonna get kicked off healthcare, how hospitals are gonna shut down. Maternity war are gonna shut down all because these guys wanna give a massive, massive tax cost to billionaires that don't need it and won't even notice it. The one, the Bucks County actually works within my schedule, I have a pretty busy schedule largely 'cause I have two kids and I have a third one coming June 12th.


But again, I look forward to talking to the people in Bucks County. They're much like the swing voters in Arizona. They wanna hear the straight truth. They wanna know that the, the governments looking out for them. And they certainly don't want to be seeing really critical programs like food stamps, like Medicaid being cut just to help the mega mega rich. I wanna talk about this crypto bill. It's not getting a lot of attention. You posted about it recently as well. I I think this began as a bipartisan effort in theory Yeah. To put guardrails on these stable coins, build an ethic system around it and saying, Hey, this is the wild, wild west west. Let's, let's reign it in a little bit.


Exactly. So this started with great intentions, but as you just posted the other day, well, political wrote democrats reverse course to oppose the Senate crypto bill. But you wrote, this isn't like a reversal out of nowhere by Dems. The fact of the matter is, Dems, including me and my team, were trying to negotiate with Republicans for weeks. The bill that was introduced for floor consideration, backpedaled on a lot of progress we made and did not include other improvements we sought. It seems they want us to suck it up and vote for this bill without our input. That's not what we expected during this negotiation and not how I operate. Our statement makes clear we won't let them jam us looking forward to continuing to get this bill in a better place. This, let's talk about this one first, but then I think it goes to this broader systemic issue where here you are trying to engage people who are difficult to engage with and then they kind of go sideways on you and kind of change the deal and then make it something that's less palatable.


So talk about this bill first. Is it a big deal? What's happening? Well, look, it's a big deal. Like, you know, we need to, we do need to get some legislation through then and reason why, 'cause every other country now has some level of stable coin legislation and we want to also have that industry, that economy here. But we also want consumer protections. We want natural security protections, anti-money laundering protections. And these are things that are fairly reasonable. And I had been working with Republicans and five, five Democrats on the committee who had worked it and actually passed. And we, we said when we passed, like there's more to do, but we wanna continue in the spirit bipartisan to work on this. And all of a sudden the language changed.


They backtracked on some of the stuff we had already approved. They weren't, you know, even moving forward with further legislation. And then they announced the date of the first vote. And I think the, the purpose of that was really to put Democrats in a bad position and try to force us to vote for it. And you know, as, as the the ranking member on the, on the committee, I just cannot allow 'em to just jam us and pass bad legislation that has, you know, open loopholes that will create, you know, really bad situations for consumers, for investors, all these kinds of things. Especially when we're, we're here, we're here to work, we're here to to, to speak and try to come up with a good, good bipartisan bill, but don't try to focus us on it.


Like that's not gonna happen. Right? And they're trying to do these threats where like, oh, if you do this, you know, the, the, the crypto industry's gonna say that you're anti crypto. We're all gonna label you guys as anti crypto. And that only makes me even more intensely mad at them because now you're just doing more and more threats. We can get a good bill, we can get a good bill that protects consumers, protects investors, bring, brings back a lot of this innovation back to the United States and we have the time to do it, but you can't throw us in the corner. You can't try to fuck us and then say like, Hey, you know, you know, deal with it. Like that's just not gonna work. Especially when you still need our votes no matter what. You know, I read, I read the bill as I'm a dork like that. You are. And one of the things that I saw in that they were trying to jam through, it seemed to me in, in my reading of it was some exemption for the presidency that like Donald Trump is not, he, he, he gets to do deals with Abu Dhabi and whoever he wants to do it with, right?


It doesn't apply to him, it applies to every Was that in there or was I, was I reading that right? Or? So we, we have had an understanding that there was going to be, this is not a, a Trump focused thing, that there's going to be a general understanding of what you would do with any type of industry currency altogether. And that means that the president, the vice president and members of the executive cannot engage in this because it is essentially self-dealing, right? Same with senators, by the way. And same with members of Congress. They should not be able to issue their own stable coin issue, their own coin in general, anything like that. You should not be able to do it. So that was our understanding. And again, this isn't a Trump focused thing. He is gonna be able to do his mean coins all he wants, that's a totally different subject matter.


But no one is gonna have an exemption at all on this. And that's not the biggest hangup on this at all. It's the fact that, you know, they're, they're, they're backsliding on their word and again, trying to basically force our hands and, you know, that's my opinion. I don't think that's gonna work. Senator, is there any other issues? I always like to ask this when I have senators on, on here or governors because there's things that I'm not seeing and and you probably don't get asked some of these questions because the reporters have, you know, they, they go in with a series of questions. Are, are there any other areas that you, you think is not getting enough attention that you want people to know about in front of this, you know, in front of the huge audience that we have here that you think, look, we need to be spending more time on this or that or, or, or, here's what I'm focused on right now.


Well, look, I'm focused on a couple things. Housing, we just need to figure out how to get as much housing at, at online as fast as possible. You know, when we talk about it, like everyone thinks about it in the way, like, yes, it's important for us to test to, for people to be housed, right? We'd want homeless people, but it's also important for a couple reasons. Number one, financial stability. You know, people that have homes are more likely to, are less likely to end up below the poverty line, are more likely to have better healthcare outcome outcomes. Children when are raised in a stable housing environment end up also having better healthcare and educational and societal outcomes, right? The fact is right now, you know, people in their mid thirties are not gonna be able to buy homes for quite a while.


There's just not enough market that not bring back to the market. And when you're, even when it is there, it is extremely expensive and interest rates are, are, are so high. And then you're also also creating generational wealth. And, and then also like at some point it's just damn depressing, right? Like, I was lucky enough, I I used a VA home bill at 26 to buy my ho my first condo. But you know, there are men and women that are at home with their, with their parents leading up into their forties. But look, no matter what we say, that's just not good for society, right? You want people to be happy, proud of themselves, be able to start families or, or not start families, but living on their own independent lives. And we need to make sure that government is focused on figuring out how, how do that, how does that look like?


And it can be a combination of things like making sure we have housing subsidies, low income housing, affordable mortgages. We need to, you know, make sure that, you know, cities don't, don't over-regulate and under zone tho those areas. That's step one of those areas that we should be working on intensely as Democrats. And la The other area is energy. If you're on your phone and you're doing anything with your phone, with computers, AI or everything else like that, you are causing a lot of energy. And the United States is gonna have a big problem in about 10 years if we don't upgrade our energy, energy grids as well as trying to bring more energy on. And of course a lot of that will be renewables. But I also do believe that, you know, we have to really, really look at nuclear and I think that's something that Democrats don't usually engage in.


But in order for us to make sure that working class people are gonna be able to have affordable energy and still keep the lights on and still be able to have the kind of high tech jobs we want, we're gonna have to do a massive investment in nuclear. Which by the way will also keep, you know, our carbon footprint down. And I, you know, it's one of the things I'm working on right now actively is trying to figure out how we can get more nuclear energy deployed across the country. Senator Rubin Gallego, thank you so much for joining. Yeah, did you? There you go. You didn't see that one coming, did you? I did not see that one coming, but I'm glad, I'm glad we had you. I'm glad we had you on. We'd love to have you back on as well. And thanks for all you do. Yeah, please do. All right, everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Can't get enough Midas. Plus check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.


We interrupt this program to bring you an important Wayfair message, Wayfair's gut style tips for every home. This is Styles Mackenzie, helping you make those rooms sing today's style tip when it comes to making a statement. Treat bold patterns like neutrals. Go wild. Like an untamed animal print area rug under a rustic farmhouse table from wayfair.com that are fierce. This has been your Wayfair style tip to keep those interiors superior. Wayfair, every style, every home.