
You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a nice, they have my favorite brand. It's like a whole new bu Ah, I I'm saving so much. Yeah. Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals you'll love Burlington. I told you. So.


This episode is brought to you by Enterprise Mobility. From fleet management to flexible truck rentals to technology solutions. Enterprise Mobility helps businesses find the right mobility solutions so they can find new opportunities. Because if your business is on the road, they wanna make sure it's on the road to success. Enterprise mobility, moving you moves the world. Find your road@enterprisemobility.com.


The new KFC Dunk IT bucket with juicy original recipe tenders. New mashed potato poppers, crispy fries, plus three sauces that fit right on top of the lid so you can dunk anywhere. You can dunk at the game dunk while security points to the no outside food sign and dunk as 20,000 people watch you and your dunk it bucket. Get removed from the stadium dunk almost anywhere with the new $7 KFC Dunk it bucket. Or get the double dunk it bucket for 25. Prices and participation vary while supplies last Texas Tips and fees extra.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Every idea starts with a problem. Warby Parkers was simple. Glasses are too expensive, so they set out to change that. By designing glasses in-house and selling directly to customers, they're able to offer prescription eyewear that's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Warby Parker glasses are made from premium materials like impact resistant polycarbonate and custom acetate, and they start at just $95, including prescription lenses. Get glasses made from the good stuff. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


I'm joined by Georgia Senator John Ossoff. Senator, welcome to the Midas Touch Podcast. Hey, people seemed pretty fired up at your first kickoff speech of the 2026 campaign season in Atlanta. What were you seeing out there? What's the reaction of the people right now? It was a great event and we did not even do that much promotion. We had thousands of people come out. It just speaks to the energy that there is in opposition to this attack on the rule of law and our constitution. And it was an opportunity for not just Democrats, but folks across the spectrum in Georgia to speak out together against what this administration is doing to our country.


Look, Georgia turned red this 2024 election, they voted for Trump this time around. What are you hearing though from the people? Are, are you hearing that there's regret? Are people pissed off or what's going on? That's actually one of the reasons I think it's so important to go right at him. First of all, we have this spiral toward strong man rule and authoritarianism in the United States. In his first few months, he's purged. The government of independent watchdogs filled the most powerful offices with personal loyalists. He is commanded them to go after his opponents.


We're seeing the use of fear and intimidation against the political opposition, unlike anything I think, in our republic's history. And he's so consumed by his efforts to secure revenge and to crush his enemies and, you know, conquering Greenland that he's doing nothing for the people who elected him. His entire domestic agenda is tax breaks for the wealthy, rounding up immigrants revenge, and centralizing as much power as he can in the presidency. And what are people saying about this hostile government takeover by Elon Musk, this unelected billionaire and Doge coming in with a wrecking ball, dismantling the federal government attacking veterans, taking people's private data, social security data, medical records, and saying, trust me, bro, we're billionaires.


We ain't gonna do anything bad with them. We, we just wanna look at 'em. What are people saying? And, and Georgia, It's incredibly unpopular. I think that there's even a significant amount of the MAGA movement that hates what Elon Musk has been empowered to do. You know, you got the, the richest man in the world who spent $300 million to elect this president being given the keys to the kingdom, unfettered access to sensitive personal information of Americans and the incompetence of firing tens of thousands of people. And then realizing that, you know, they fired the folks who protect the nuclear weapons and they fired the folks who protect us from Ebola and they fired the folks who manned the Veterans Crisis hotline and they're scrambling to rehire them.


So it's this combination of corruption, of incompetence and elitism. Right? The point I made in the speech at the rally is like, you've got the richest cabinet ever. You've got the richest man in the world doing whatever he wants. Their agenda is tax breaks for the wealthy. They're not even talking about anything that matters to ordinary people, healthcare or childcare. They are the elites that they pretend to hate. Take a look at this. I think it exactly proves your point. Howard Lutnick, commerce secretary, he's a billionaire.


And he said, look, and if, if you complain about not getting your social security check one month, the fact that you are complaining probably means you are the fraud that we should be going after. He is like my mother-in-law, she's 94. If she missed a social security check for a month, she would be like, whatevs, it's gonna come the next month. So people are afraid that they're gonna go after Social Security and they're seeing social security offices shut down. Let me just show you what Lutnick said and let me get your response to it. Let's play it. Let's say Social Security didn't send out their checks this month. My mother-in-law, who's 94, she wouldn't call and complain, she just wouldn't, she'd thinks something got messed up and she'll get it next month.


Yeah, a fraudster always makes the loudest noise screaming, yelling, and complaining. When you hear that, what do you say to him? I mean, his mother-in-law's son-in-law is a billionaire and one of the richest and wealthiest people in the country, so maybe she would be okay, but seniors in Georgia who would have to cut their pills in half or turn off the air conditioning in summertime, you know, or go without groceries because they didn't get their social security check would be in deep trouble. And it, it's really alarming that they talk about social security in this way in particular, you know, and Musk talking about it as a Ponzi scheme because it, it betrays that they are serious about going after Social security.


I mean, Musk posted on his website just a couple weeks ago, plans to shut down like five social security offices in Georgia alone. And again, that's it. Like they are the richest and most elitist and most powerful people in the history of the planet. And they, they, they have this like anti-elite populist shtick, but what are they doing again, it's the whole agenda is tax breaks for the wealthy, rounding up immigrants revenge and power. And that does nothing for my constituents, for my constituents who voted for Trump, for my constituents, who voted against Trump.


They're doing nothing for the people. And to your point, there you have the richest man in the world, Elon Musk posting a meme of Donald Trump at a cemetery in front of a grave, which is just ghoulish in and of itself kind of mocking the grave, but the grave is for the Department of Education and it's spelled wrong. Department is spelled without the t at the end of it. And they're mocking the fact that they're gutting the Department of Education. And Donald Trump's putting out an executive order to get rid of it. I mean, things like this Senator, it's going to make a horrible impact on your state, right?


I mean, the Department of Education getting gutted that's gonna hurt Georgia. Well, and it, it's the way that they post about it and talk about it and treat it all like it's a game, right? Like, like these federal agencies are there, play things and, and they're mocking the concerns about what happens when they act recklessly. You know, disabled students and the parents of disabled students in Georgia are calling my office every single day saying, what's this gonna mean for me? What's this gonna mean for my child? And, you know, they're, they're like posting about it online to own the libs, but it, it just reveals the total lack of concern for ordinary people.


And these are not folks, you know, these again are the wealthiest, richest, most powerful people in the world, mocking the concerns of the American public who are asking what's gonna happen to public education And senator, what, what do you make of Donald Trump and his administration? I call regimes kind of consistent, going out of their way to praise Putin. We believe what Putin's saying, but then when it comes to Zelinsky, they try to humiliate him in the Oval Office and consistently say, you know, just spread Russian propaganda. They had Steve Whitcoff the special envoy to Russia and Ukraine go on the weekend shows, and here's what he had to say about Putin.


He goes, we should trust Putin. Why wouldn't we trust this guy here, play this clip. I've been asked my, my opinion so about what, what President Putin's motives are on a larger scale. And I simply have said that I just don't see that he wants to take all of Europe. This is a much different situation than it was in World War ii. What do you make of the way Donald Trump's been, he promised that there would be peace in Ukraine on day one there, it's obviously another lie. What do you make of all that? Two thoughts on that. The, the first is that it's hard to overstate how alarmed the rest of the free world is that the United States seems to be not just abdicating its leadership of the free world, but aligning itself with the most brutal authoritarians on the planet.


Second thought is that, you know, the, the president's affinity for the Kremlin and as apparent admiration of President Putin. When you think about it in the context of what Donald Trump is trying to do domestically, which is to wield the power of government to crush his political opposition, something that we have never seen in American history, not even at the height of McCarthyism. It's really chilling, right? I mean he, he is trying to use every instrument of state to entrench his and his political party's power.


And I have never seen fear and intimidation used like this in American politics and certainly not in modern American history. Has it been used like this in American politics where the message from our own government is pay tribute, do not criticize us or face retribution. And that is something that should send a chill down the spine of every patriotic American, regardless of our political affiliation because it is an affront to the basic values of political freedom that animate our republic and that are embedded in our constitution. You even see right now that other countries around the world are advising their nationals not to travel to the United States because the erosion of civil rights and civil liberties in our country is happening at such an alarming rate.


Senator, what's your reaction to the breaking news on Monday that there was this group chat with all of the top national security do DOD Vance, they were all there discussing war plans in a group chat with emojis and text messages and discussing all the sensitive compartmented information over text message. And now they're attacking the reporter from the Atlantic who they apparently accidentally invited to this chat. That's how it's been uncovered. You've seen a lot, Senator, but what do you make of this? This is what happens when you have Fox News personalities cosplaying as government officials.


I mean, this is the most clownish amateurish it, it honestly, it would be funny except that it is deadly serious, right? They're talking about the execution of lethal military operations, international diplomacy, intelligence, information. And these are people who absolutely should know better it. It is an embarrassing and dangerous, reckless and amateurish demonstration of just how they lack any commitment to conscientiously doing their jobs. Senator, your message as you kick off this campaign season for 2026. Wow.


Time flies. I remember when you were running in 2020. What's your message to the voters in Georgia and your message just generally to Americans who are just worried and nervous right now? Well look, first of all, I wanna remind folks that I am the only Democratic senator running for reelection in a state that Donald Trump won. And I will win and we will win in 2026 in a landslide. And we need to get into that mindset. But I'm gonna have huge amounts of money probably from Elon Musk coming in against me and I would appreciate support@electjohn.com. And my message to the public is, first of all, we have to reject this un-American attack on our constitution and our core values and the rule of law.


But we also have to recognize how we got here. How is it that a demagogue like Donald Trump who threatened to burn down the whole system, was elected twice. And I think we have to look deeper than Trump. It's about corruption in American politics that predates him and that gave rise to him the way that money and politics, since the Citizens United decision has corrupted policymaking in the United States has caused people to realize that yes, the system is in fact rigged. Members of Congress live in fear of super pacs. That's why public policy doesn't serve the needs of ordinary families.


That's why they're such cynicism and resentment of the ruling class in this country. And that is what gave rise in large part to Donald Trump. But Trump is not trying to un rig a rigged system. He is trying to rer it for himself, for his political party and for his cronies. Senator, where can people find out more information about the 2026 campaign? It's elect john.com elect JO n.com. And I'd be grateful for support Senator John Ossoff's. First time on the Midas Touch Network. We hope you come back and keep us updated as you tour Georgia and you hit other districts there and another constituents there.


We'd love to hear. Come on the road, man. Maybe I'll take you up on that. Well, to be continued. Thanks editor. Thanks For having me. Thank you everybody. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.