
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing, to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into Sign up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash special offer.


If you have kids or pets, you know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com today.


Morning decisions, a creamy mocha frappuccino drink, a sweet vanilla, maybe a smooth caramel, or that white chocolate mocha, whichever you choose. Delicious coffee awaits. Start your day with bottled Starbucks, frappuccino drinks. Pick up a bottle near you, wherever you buy your groceries.


I'm William Gug of URI Collaborate and professional Ultra runner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing. I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the dream knit collection by going to uri.com/william. That's vu OR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Location. The lab, Quentin only has 24 hours to sell his car. Is that even possible? He goes to carvana.com. What is this? A movie trailer? He ignores the doubters, enters his license plate. Wow, that's a great offer. The car is sold, but will Carvana pick it up in time for it? They'll Literally pick it up tomorrow morning. Done with the dramatics Car selling in record time. Save your time, go to carvana.com and sell your car today. Pick up. These may apply.


You know, the market volatility we're seeing right now is not normal. In my view. The economy of the United States of America should not look like a Trump meme stock. And we know with Trump meme stocks that there are a group of insiders who are usually the ones benefiting. I mean, I think it's 22 of the crypto wallets made money on the Trump meme stuff while like 50,000 people ended up losing money. So when I see this in our markets, it really pisses me off. And then layer on top of that, all the unusual trading patterns around when Trump announces tariffs, when he takes off the tariffs, you see all of this, you know, activity that at least resembles insider trading.


And then it pisses me off to no end. When you see that members of Congress are involved in trading these stocks and making huge amounts of money off it and doing weird trades that would never otherwise exist unless you had some knowledge about what the heck was taking place. And we showed the photo there of Marjorie Taylor Greene, a rapacious stock trader, all, all of a sudden. But look, let's be clear, it's a bipartisan issue in my view. I don't, I think that public servants should be public servants. And so even though MAGA Mike Johnson has, you know, he's, he's claimed to some extent that he's against stock trading by members of Congress, I guess, but who knows what the hell He says is true or not. But then he gave this weird press conference also where he said, well, I don't like this stock trading, but I have sympathy.


I I get it. Members of Congress, they're not making enough money. They, they need this. They, they need stock trading. I get it. Here's what he said. Let's play it. Well, look, you know, the, the salary of Congress has been frozen since 2009. You know, when you adjust for inflation, a member of Congress today is making 31% less than they made in that year. It goes down every year. And, and over time, if you stay on this trajectory, you're, you're gonna have less qualified people who are willing to make the extreme sacrifice to run for Congress. I mean, it's just, people just make a reasonable decision as a family on whether or not they can come and, and move to Washington, have a residency here, residence at home, and do all the things that are required. So the the counter argument is, and I have some sympathy, look at least let them like, engage in some stock trading so that they can continue to, you know, take care of their family.


Let's bring in Senator Mark Kelly from Arizona, who today, along with Senator Ossoff, introduced the Ban Congressional Stock Trading Act as well. Tell, tell us about everything. Well, Ben, let me, let me start off by saying I have zero sympathy, zero. I mean, Mike Johnson is speaker of the house. He can work to raise the salary of members of Congress. These things are totally unconnected. When you're in this job. You get enormous access to information. I sit on the armed services and the Intelligence committee. There are people on the Ag Committee that know what's going on with, you know, with crops and cattle and could use that information to trade futures.


I do believe there is somebody that sits on the Senate Ag Committee, I'm not gonna name names here, but does actually trade future contracts for agricultural products. So with this access to information, I imagine there is a temptation by members of Congress to use this information to gain, to, to just build their wealth. And that is not right. That's not information that the general public has. I get the issue that Mike Johnson has with the salaries of members of Congress. He is the speaker of the fricking House of Representatives, and he could do something about that.


And I think there should be something done. Folks that have been here for a long time because of inflation. You know, they, they, they're, there's, you know, buying power has been reduced. I'm sympathetic to that argument. So Ossoff and I, Senator Ossoff and I reintroduced our legislation to basically compel the rest of Congress to do what the two of us do. And that's putting your assets into a blind trust where you don't have the ability to use any of the information. You have to make money because of your job. We're supposed to be public servants here, and Senator Ossoff and I take this very seriously.


You could also diversify and, you know, so there's another option there too. But we want this to be the rule for all 535 members of Congress in the Senate. As far as I know, it's just the two of us that have taken these steps in the house. I'm not sure how many people, but this needs to happen. And there is, there is bipartisan support for this. You know, we see what's going on with the house though, and the budget, and we see what's going on, you know, with some of your colleagues in the, in the Senate, you know, the focus seems to be, I don't know, cruelty seems to be the point with, you know, with this budget and I guess enriching the billionaires while, And I think, I think the second part is really the point I think is it's the enriching the billionaires.


It's making sure that they don't have to pay more taxes. If we got, if, if Donald Trump's 2017 tax cuts went away, and these are the guys that are supposed to be, you know, the fiscal conservatives, they're gonna add trillions of dollars of debt, you know, to the well, to the deficit and to the, ultimately to the national debt in order to give, put more money in the pockets of rich people. The cruelty part comes in where they're trying to make it not look so bad. Instead of adding 6 trillion, it'll be only 4 trillion. So they can feel a little bit better about it. But to do that, they're gonna kick people off their healthcare and kids aren't gonna get meals.


I mean, that's the cruel part, is hungry kids are gonna continue to go hungry. So rich people can pay less in taxes. And I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll say this, Ben, you know, I had some teachers in here today with some kids from schools in Arizona, and these teachers pay a higher percentage of their income in federal taxes than many, many billionaires and millionaires. I mean, Warren Buffett is a guy who pointed this, this out all the time. His secretary paid a higher percentage of taxes than he did. And I think that is, that that's true and it's a problem. And, and we gotta fix it.


They're doing the opposite thing here. They're, they're making this situation worse. You know, there was a, a moment, I dunno if it was a month or so ago, where Donald Trump had some tech billionaires in the Oval Office, and he was asked a question about profiting off of his own mean coins. And he looked at the billionaires and he said, well, they're very rich. Why shouldn't I be rich? And it feels like these MAGA Republican Congress members who hang out at Mar-a-Lago see all these billionaires and doing all the things that they're doing and saying, you know what, I I, me too. IIII deserve that as well. Look at what I'm doing for them. I want to be rich like them. And the, the greed trickles down to all of the MAGA Republicans, but the wealth doesn't trickle down to the rest of the Americans.


No. And a lot of envy, I think, among these billionaires. I mean, I mean, we have a whole different class of billionaires now. It used to be if you were worth a billion or two or three, you are incredibly wealthy. Now. We have folks that are worth 50, 60, a hundred, $150 billion and more. I mean, Elon Musk is somewhere north of that. I have, I don't keep track of how rich the guy is, or Zuckerberg or others are just so incredibly wealthy that, that I think they, there, there's a lot of envy from the poorer billionaires. The reality of the situation is that the wealth has moved from, you know, the predominantly the, the people around the middle income in our country used to own an enormous amount of wealth collectively.


And a lot of that wealth has been transferred to the people in the top 0.1%. It's not sustainable. It means the buying power of people in the middle has gone down dramatically. These are folks that are having to deal with rising costs. Billionaires don't have to deal with, you know, the price of groceries going up or housing, it doesn't matter to them. And this, this trend is unsustainable. Billionaires can pay more in taxes. They can do it right now. And then we don't have to kick kids off of their healthcare and we can continue to give them, you know, free lunch in school when they can't afford to bring lunch money. So that's what we're talking about here.


It's, it's taking money. I mean, physically taking money from the people that can least afford it and putting it in the pockets of the wealthiest Americans. And that's just not right. Well, I got John, well, I got John, I gotta ask you a national security question, of course, which is Trump's trip to the Middle East. I think just a stain on the United States, you know, what he was doing in Qatar and yet United our Emirates and Saudi Arabia, we know that the Pentagon formally accepted the free gold-plated Qatari jet. But we're even seeing with the president of South Africa, president Osa, who was in the Oval Office today, basically saying, I'm sorry that I can't get you a jet, if that's gonna influence you.


You know, and just seeing how it is that the international communities now perceiving us, seeing China hosting that meeting last week with the Latin American and Caribbean countries projecting itself now as a stabilizing force and speaking the way America once spoke as America under Trump. Sounds like China used to speak, and me as an American saying, what the hell is happening here? It's, it's gone upside down. What, what do you, what's your observations of it from, from all the national security experience you have? Well, the big, yeah, you're right Ben. The big problem is China's gonna step into this, this vacuum, this, you know, a a, a place where we were the most, you know, ethical.


We were the leaders of the free world. We helped other countries when they were in need. It didn't cost us a tremendous amount of money. We fed starving kids on the other side of the planet just because they were starving. And, and the programs that we, I I was in South Africa last year, and President Bush's PEPFAR program has saved more lives than probably any federal government program the United States government has ever supported. It was George Bush's program, and it, it provided medication and it, it kept babies from being born HIV positive that program's ended because of Elon Musk and Donald Trump right now.


And kids are starving around the world because they don't think we should support these programs. And that gives a wide opening for the Chinese on the question of the, the airplane. Yeah, I mean, I saw, I saw the OSA press conference in the Oval Office, and I, I thought it, it, it, I mean, it, it, it's wrong. I mean, to put this guy on the spot, you know, in the way, and I don't know if the president put him on the spot or he just brought it up, but yeah, he, he doesn't, he, he can't bribe the president with a $400 million airplane. Only Qatar or the UAE or Saudi Arabia, or maybe some other countries can do that. You gotta call it what it is. It is a gift to a president outside of our laws.


We have ethics laws that do not allow this, and these countries are gonna expect something from it. Senator Mark Kelly, keep us posted on the developments with the bill that you, that you had there. And always you're invited back on whatever. We love having you on and, and hearing your wealth of experience. Alright, thank you. Thank you Ben. Appreciate it. Alright, Everybody hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Plus, check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.