
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season, and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear, $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com Today.


Wow. Democratic Senator Chris Van Holland just held a powerful press conference on his meeting with Abrego Garcia in El Salvador. He stated how the leader of El Salvador, the authoritarian naive belli, tried to arrange the meeting in a way to make it look like they were drinking margaritas together to create this fake set to create an illusion in the world that Abrego Garcia was not being tortured in Sea Cot, the extermination camp in El Salvador, which is where Abrego Garcia was being held. We also found out that Abrego Garcia was now moved to another detention center in El Salvador.


Still has bad conditions, not quite as bad as Sea Cot. Let's go to the press conference. I want to show you what went down when Democratic Senator Chris Van Holland talked about the fake staging of the meeting that was arranged by El Salvador's authoritarian leader, NA b Kelly. Let's watch this. The, the setting he was in. I should also just say, you know, I'd mentioned the fake Margarita scandal. They actually wanted to have the meeting by the side of the pool in the hotel. Hotel just right. I mean, this is a guy who's been in Sea Cot. This is a guy who's been detained. They want to create this appearance that life was just lovely for Kilmore, which of course is a big fat lie.


And Democratic Senator Van Holland talked about what Abrego Garcia told him how Abrego Garcia was sad that he was in a prison because he said he did not commit any crimes. Let's play it. He felt, he said he felt very sad about being in a prison because he had not committed any crimes. When I asked him what was the one thing he would ask for in addition to his freedom, he said he wanted to talk to his wife, Jennifer. I told him I would work very hard to make that happen.


I told him that in addition to his family, that all of you who are here today were fighting to bring him home. Senator Van Holland talks about the conditions that Abrego Garcia was putting in a cell at Sea Cot with 25 other individuals Play this clip. They didn't know for sure where they were going. They landed in El Salvador and he was taken to Sea Cot prison. He was placed in a cell with, if I recall correctly, and don't hold me to it, of about 25 other prisoners at Sea Cot.


He said he was not afraid of the other prisoners in his immediate cell, but that he was traumatized by being at Sea Cot and fearful of many of the prisoners in other cell blocks who called out to him and taunted him in various ways. Abrego Garcia asked to make a phone call so he could speak to his wife, Jennifer and his family, but he was told, no, here's Senator Van Holland telling us that. Let's play it. At that time, He told me that he was taken to Baltimore. First, I assume that was the Baltimore Detention Center.


He asked to make a phone call from there to let people know what had happened to him, but he was denied that opportunity. He said he was later taken with some others from Baltimore to a detention center in Texas. And some point thereafter, I don't know whether it was a period of hours or days, he was handcuffed, shackled and put on a plane along with some others where they couldn't see out of the windows. There was no way to see where they were going in the plane. Senator Van Holland then talks about how he told Abrego about the message from his wife, played the clip When I told him that his wife and family sent their love and were fighting for Kmar to return home every day.


He said that he was worried about all of you. That was his response. How are you dealing with this horrible ordeal and nightmare for the family? He said that thinking of you members of his family is what gave him the strength to persevere, to keep going day to day, even under these awful circumstances. He spoke several times about your five-year-old son who has autism, 5-year-old son who was in the car in Maryland when Kmar was pulled over by US government agents.


And handcuffed Is more from Senator Van Holland. Here. My principal mission was to meet with Kmar Abrego Garcia. I told his wife, Jennifer and his family, that I would do everything in my power to make that happen. And last night at about 6:40 PM El Salvador time, 8:45 PM here on the East coast, I called Jennifer to tell her that I had met with Kmar and I told her what he said to me, which was first and foremost, that he missed her and his family.


And as he said that, you could see it here, go down his she Senator Van Holland makes it clear that yes, this is about a bgo, but this is more than a bgo. This is about due process. And if the government is gonna do this to a Bgo, other migrants, and then Donald Trump says, I'm coming for the quote homegrowns, Donald Trump will do this to his political opponents. That's the Trump regime's plan. Let's play it. And it's also important that people understand this case is not just about one man, it's about protecting the constitutional rights of everybody who resides in the United States of America.


Yes, Woohoo. If you deny the constitutional rights of one man, you threaten the constitutional rights and due process for everyone else in America. Yes. Thank you. The fourth Senator Van Holland just again talks about what this situation's about. He talks about how an administrative error by the DOJ led to an individual being kidnapped, sent to an extermination camp, being abducted from the streets of Maryland. And now the Trump regime refuses to return a bra. Go Play this clip, An administrative error that has resulted in him being abducted off the streets of Maryland and put into prison in El Salvador that has deprived him of his personal freedom and liberty.


But rather than fix this grievous error that they agreed had been made in court, what did the Trump administration do? They, they upgraded and fired. Fired the lawyer who told the truth to the court. That's right. That's what they did. They didn't fix the air. They fired the lawyer who told the truth. Notice what he said at the end there. That doesn't get enough attention. The DOJ lawyer who admitted to the court fulfilling his duty of candor to the court, that it was a mistake to send a braigo to the detention center in El Salvador to the extermination camp.


The Trump regime fired that DOJ official right there. Then you have Democratic Senator Van Holland say, look, put up or shut up with your evidence. Look, the bottom line is you're in, whether you're a good guy, a bad guy, whatever, in the United States, there's due process. You prove your case. You put up or shut up, you put up your evidence, and then there are consequences. But we live in a law and order evidence-based system Play this clip Where the case first appeared. This is a quote from her opinion defendants. And in this case, this is the Trump administration she's referring to, have offered no evidence, have offered no evidence linking Abrego Garcia to MS 13 or any terrorist activity and vague allegations of gang association alone, do not supersede the express protections offered under the INA.


She emphasized this point, and I'm quoting no evidence before the court connects Abrego Garcia to MS 13 or any other criminal organization, unquote. In other words, put up in court or shut up. Senator Van Holland talks about his meeting with the vice President of El Salvador, where he was asking the vice president of El Salvador were crimes committed. Why are you holding him here? To which the vice President of El Salvador said, the reason is is because Trump is paying us to keep him here. Play it. Senator, What is, what is of, what did Abrego Garcia say that the officials in El Salvador told him about why he was sent to that prison and how long he would be there?


They haven't told him anything about why he was sent Or how long he would be There. They didn't tell him anything about that. Have, In fact, I, In fact, I asked the vice president exactly that question. You know, why is he here? Is he violating any laws in El Salvador? Does he, do you have any proof that he's committed a crime? No. Why? Why are you, why is he here? Because the Trump administration is paying us. Did he say what he heard from other migrants? Here's More from Senator Van Holland about the staging of the scene in El Salvador. That the El Salvador authoritarian leader, NA b Kelly, created to try to mock Abrego Garcia and Democratic Senator Van Holland by making it seem like they were drinking margaritas when they were not Play this clip About what I would call Margarita Gate.


I don't know if you guys have been following this, but President bha, you know, after I met with Kmar, did this tweet showing us at a table with these two glasses. So here's what happened. When I first sat down with Kmar, we just had glasses of water on the table, I think maybe some coffee. And as we were talking, one of the government people came over and deposited two other glasses on the table with ice. And I don't know if it was salt or sugar around the top, but they look like margaritas.


And if you look at the one they put in front of Kmar, it actually had a little less wick liquid than the one in me, in front of me to try to make it look, I assume like he drank out of it. Let me just be very clear. Neither of us touched the drinks that were in front of us. And if you want to play a little Sherlock Holmes, I'll tell you how you can know that. So if you look at the video or the picture I sent out from the beginning of our meeting, you'll see there are no glasses on the table. So you'll see in later videos, they are on the table, but they made a little mistake for some people are very careful, right? If you sip out of one of those glasses, some of whatever it was, salt or sugar would disappear, you would see a gap.


There's no gap. Nobody drank any margaritas or sugar water or whatever it is. But this is the lesson into the lengths that President BHA will do to deceive people about what's going on. And it's also shows the lengths that the Trump administration and the President will go to. Because when he was asked about a reporter about this, he just went along for the ride. So the White House and the President had been lying about this case from the beginning. They've been trying to change the subject that's right from the beginning, as I said. And the courts have said from the Supreme Court to the Fourth Circuit to the District Court, what this is about is adhering to the Constitution, to the right of due process.


That's right. And that's why we say bring Kmar home so he can be afforded his rights under the Constitution. Senator, that's is what this is about. Gilmar. And then you can see how that propaganda gets laundered into the White House from the right wing, propagandist media, the other state regime media that Trump has in the Oval Office that launder the lies. Watch what happened in the Oval Office earlier today. Let's play it. Sir, go ahead please. Photos Have emerged of Senator Van Holland sipping what appears to be margaritas with the Bra Garcia down in El Salvador. Do you encourage other Democrats to fly down El Salvador, meet with this illegal alien who's an accused of weapon?


I like this guy. See, now this is, this is the kind of a reporter we like. There aren't enough of them. We gotta get some more of them. Senator Van Holland was asked questions by the media about Rachel Morin, who was killed by an illegal migrant having nothing to do at all with Abrego Garcia, but the Trump regime wants to use that incident. And then they have Morin's mom show up, basically using her as a prop to attack Abrego Garcia and all other migrants, just so you know, the data. Americans engage in far more violent crime than migrants do.


If you look at the actual data, and again, the Rachel Moore situation is tragic. The killer was prosecuted, sent to jail, as you know, is getting the maximum penalties that exist. And as Senator Van Holland says, he goes, well, look, I'm glad there's accountability there. We live in a system of law and order, so there should be justice for all. Play this clip president, Anything about the agreement Right here, and then I'll go right there. Okay. The response from Republicans to your visit is that you care more to meet with Arango Garcia than you do with Rachel Moore, who is the mother of a woman, a Maryland woman could die in, in your state. What is your response to that criticism, specifically?


Well, my response is that my, my heart goes out to the family of Rachel Warren. As I said at the time, my heart breaks for what happened to them. That should not happen to any family in America. And I'm very glad that a court of law convicted her killer and is going to punish her killer in a court of law. The reason we have courts of law are to punish the guilty, but also to make sure that those who have not committed crimes are not found guilty and arbitrarily detained. In other words, everybody has due process.


So the effort by the Trump administration to try to conflate these two issues goes to the heart of what I was just talking about, their effort to change the subject. But again, to the, to the moron family, I, I, you know, we have three children. I cannot imagine losing a child in the heartbreak that caused, and it should not happen. And my heart breaks for everybody in Maryland or America who has lost a loved one to violence regardless of the perpetrator. Senator, one of the things I've learned recently too, about Rachel Morin's mother who's been out there, there's actually a lawsuit that's been filed by the children of Rachel Morin saying that the gra, their grandma, Rachel Morin's mother, took all of the GoFundMe money from the kids.


So there's that lawsuit that I believe is still pending. And here is Senator Van Holland. You see him right here again at the press conference. One of the things that was mentioned is he's no longer abrego's, no longer at Sea Cot. He's been moved to another detention cent detention center where conditions are better, but still has no communication with the outside world. This was Na b Kelly's Post. Now that he's been confirmed healthy, he gets the honor of staying in El Salvador's custody. And then NA also posted Na b Kelly Post in Kmar. Abrego Garcia miraculously risen from the death camps and torture, now sipping margaritas with Senator Van Holland in the Tropical Paradise of El Salvador.


You now know the propaganda being used by Boo Kelly and the Trump regime, both fascist authoritarians behaving in this despicable way. Heroic, heroic stuff by Senator Van Holland and a great press conference. Wow. Wow, wow. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Can't Get enough Midas. Plus, check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.