
Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions apply. See terms and conditions at KL and Dao.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcast to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads


Nero fiddled. While Rome burned, Donald Trump golfed at Mar-a-Lago with his limpy leg. Take a look at what Donald Trump was doing over this weekend as he set the world on fire with his disastrous behavior. Play the clip. And we could have had her, we could have had Vice President Kamala Harris. He or she is, and her husband, the former second gentleman, Doug m Hof goes, Oscar watch Party Prep. Even Marco Rubio's like, what the f? More on him in a moment.


'cause he's a spineless. Coward Donald Trump than at Mar-a-Lago. As his poll numbers continued to crash, his support among independence is almost in the thirties. I think it's at 41, based on a new poll that CNN just released here. Donald Trump is again dragging his leg at Mar-a-Lago. Let's play it Coming. But by the way, everybody, this community note on Twitter now, X wants you to know that this is how people walk all the time.


It's called turning. While Trump doesn't lift his leg very high, he's doing a maneuver known as turning. He does this to face the person he is talking to. Okay? You know, I always come with receipts here. It's, look, it's okay. Look, Donald Trump's basically an an 80-year-old person. Donald Trump is elderly. I understand that. He paints his face orange because he would really look like this if he didn't paste his face orange. Yeah, I had to see that. So you have to see it too. That's what his face would actually look like, at least according to that, that rendering right there. But remember when Donald Trump dressed up like a garbage man during the campaign because he called Puerto Rico garbage.


And so then he dressed like a garbage man. I, maybe that was a sign. You shouldn't have voted for the guy when he called Puerto Rico garbage and then dressed like a garbage man. But anyway, take a look at his walk during the campaign. Play this clip. But yes, folks, as the markets are or have, we're tanking last month, as I'm sure your 4 0 1 Ks are probably down like mine are. Although they were up significantly under former President Biden as Donald Trump's gearing up to put new, you know, the tariffs on Canada and Mexico, as Donald Trump is kissing Putin's ring and attacking our allies, Ukraine and Europe and nato.


As Elon Musk is making posts, American needs to get out of nato is what Elon Musk is. Basically reposting messages like that as there's an emergency meeting that took place over the weekend in Europe called by UK's Prime Minister, Keir Starer, who's done an incredible job as a statesman, bringing all of the European countries, or most of 'em other than Hungary and bringing Canada into the fold, although Turkey showed up as well, and showing solidarity with Ukraine, having President Zelinsky there. Donald Trump was dancing around at Mar-a-Lago to like the YMCA. That's what Trump was doing over the weekend.


Here play this clip. But folks, all the right wing influencers want you to know that what Donald Trump was doing, there was an absolute boss move. That's what bosses do. Yo absolute boss man. That's what Benny Johnson wants you to know. Benny Johnson wasn't one of these MAGA influencers who were at the White House on Friday who got the fake Epstein binder, but he's of that ilk, like Donald Trump brought a bunch of like ridiculous dumb MAGA influencers to the White House. And they were given binders that said transparency.


These are the Epstein files. They were like the call log from 2021 that was already released back in 2021 during the Ghislaine Maxwell trial. And they were like dancing with it. We got the files, we got the files. The hell is even going on. You. Those aren't the files. Number one, they're clearly not gonna turn over the files. 'cause I'm sure Trump's names likely on them. It was on all the other, it was on a ton of other documents, depositions, flight logs, call logs. Trump said, Epstein's a great guy. I'll, I I do the Epstein takes a lot so you could watch the other videos I do there, but people are making their voices heard. National parks belong to us, not Trump and the billionaires.


Thank you for standing up and defending our parkland. As Christopher Webb says, people protesting in national parks fired national park workers and others. Watch this. Let's play it. Park Parks, park r Parks people United. We'll never be defeated. The people united, we'll never be defeated. The people United will never be defeated. So people united will never be defeated. Show me what democracy. This is what democracy in North Slide show Me what Also in a stunning display of strength, protestors arrived at Elon Musk's Tesla showroom in New York to protest his and Trump's efforts to dismantle our government.


Play this. Don't Buy SWA cars. Don't buy SWA cars. Don't buy SWA cars. Don't, don't buy SWA cars. Don't buy SWA cars. Don't buy slo cars. Don't buy S slot cars. Don't buy slot cars. Don't buy the monster cars. Don't buy monster cars. Don't buy S monster cars. Don't buy slot cars. Don't buy slot cars. Don't buy foster cars. Don buy cars. Don buy cars. Goat buy foster cars.


Don buy foster cars. Goat buy foster cars. Don't buy foster cars. Goat buy foster cars. Don buy foster cars. Don't classic cars, nobody plastic guard go buys plastic Cars. By the way, lower Manhattan's not the only city and area where protests against Musk's Tesla. You also saw 'em in Boston. Let's play it.


You also saw it in Tucson, Arizona. Let's play it. So all of this is going on. What else is, what's what? What was Trump posting about as he was frolicking on stage with his orange pasty face? He was posting this a US Crypto reserve will elevate this critical industry after years of corrupt attacks by the Biden administration, which is why my executive order on digital assets directed the presidential working group to move forward on a crypto strategic reserve that includes X-R-P-S-O-L and a DAI will make sure the US is the crypto capital of the world.


We are making America great again. Notice in that there's no, he didn't even list Bitcoin in the first iteration. So he's talking about a lot of these like shit coins. I'm not saying that that crypto, that all crypto is scammy, but a lot of it is. We've seen that repeatedly. But isn't it just so interesting that Trump has Bit, has not Bitcoin, he has his crypto, the the Trump coin and the meme coins and all of this, and now he wants to use our taxpayer dollars, which can't be spent on healthcare like they, like you get what's going on here, right? Like they're cutting your Medicaid, they want to go after your social security.


I've showed you a lot of videos where Elon called it a Ponzi scheme. I'm not gonna play it again. Go back and watch the video. I'll do more videos on that. But he called it a Ponzi scheme. They're cutting essential government services like they're firing people who are doing the research to create the next flu vaccines. They're getting rid of N-I-H-C-D-C. They're getting rid of FAA people. They're getting rid of people who work at NA National Parks. They're getting rid of i i government workers. They're tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of government workers are being fired. Your Medicaid's getting gutted. Farmers are getting destroyed, but they wanna use your taxpayer dollars to buy up shit coins.


As Armand Dusky says, Trump, we simply can't afford to pay Park Rangers and cancer researchers also Trump. We must spend billions on shit coins. You take a look here in terms of a lot of these coins and w as, as Deva Eureka goes, wow, what a lucky coincidence that Trump's cryptos are is part of this company Bitwise that has a lot of these, a lot of these meme coins or whatever the hell it is. Sacks company, Kraft Ventures has been investing in a startup called Bitwise since 2017.


And it goes on to say Bitwise is celebrating because the main crypto coins going into this crypto strategic reserve fund, as Derek Martin points out, just so happened to be bit wise's top five Crypto Holdings. Would you? Whoa. Oh my gosh. So you're telling me the crypto czar is now doing a strategic reserve with the coins that he owns. While you, like, again, how could you be, unless you're like an evil billionaire, how are you rooting for this? Like they are screwing you no matter what party you are in the ruralist red area, are you?


Yeah, they're gonna, they're gonna buy up Solano Bitcoin while they screw, while they're getting rid of your freaking jobs and gutting your Medicaid and taking away your healthcare and taking away the programs that help you live. Like what are we talking about here? Even this guy, Jason, who's one of the co-hosts with the, with the crypto ZR guy, he's one of these, this is like a pod bro. These are like pod bros. Everyone talking about be pod bros. This guy, only one conservative Trump supporter has come out and said, what an insane grift the crypto strategic fund is as far as I can see. But 99% of them are thinking it, but are too scared to disagree with Trump.


Let's pause If you're too scared too. Challenge the president when he makes a mistake. Where do you think that will lead us? What does that say about you? Any other Trump 2.0 supporters wanna stand up against this grift? Or is it just me and this guy, JT Lonsdale who went taxation is theft. It should be kept to a minimum. It's wrong to steal my money for grift on the left. It's also wrong to tax me for crypto bro schemes, efficient defense courts, national parks should fund themselves, prisons, et cetera. Fine. Cut it out with these schemes. Guys. The, what the hell is going on here? What's this guy even talking about? I mean, we don't want national parks.


You don't, what are, what are we even talking about here? I like this from Justin Wolffer who makes a great and easy point. It was reposted by Carl Quintanilla. So you know how Trump and Musk are saying they found all of Doge has found all of this fraud, right? They're calling it fraud. Fraud is criminal and people are engaged in these crimes. Who's being arrested for the fraud, huh? Right. Have, show me the Doge arrests who's been, you're saying all this fraud. Well, who's, who's the crime Zero number of arrests attributable to Doge uncovering actual fraud within the federal government?


Zero. Love this as well. JD Vance showed up in Vermont where he got a nice Vermont welcome. The two finger salute. They called him an effing traitor and he left his vacation early. You know, who was not vacationing? The prime minister of Canada and the leaders in European democracies, British Prime Minister Kiir Star, were held an emergency gathering in London to support Zelensky, to support Kyiv, to support Ukraine. Take a look at this list of dignitaries, presidents, prime ministers who attended. Meanwhile, rt.


Russian State Run Media is quoting Dmitri Pescov, who's their chief propagandist. He's like, he's Putin's Caroline Levitt. And he said, this is amazing. The u, the new US authorities are changing political configurations in the world. The US is now voting with Russia in the un, which was previously unimaginable. The new US foreign policy largely matches Russia, Donald Trump, Meanwhile posting photos of Elon Musk and emails that he's sending to his supporters, dancing on stage with Elon Musk while they gut your Medicaid and destroy your lives and destroy our government.


And I'll just leave you with this. I always love these political cartoons. You see this one right here? Trump the art of the knee with Putin's boots on Donald Trump's head. I think the next image would be Trump licking those boots trader. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't Get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Hey, I am Ryan Reynolds. Recently I asked Mint Mobile's legal team if big wireless companies are allowed to raise prices due to inflation. They said yes. And then when I asked if raising prices technically violates those onerous to your contracts, they said, what the fuck are you talking about? You insane. Hollywood asked. So to recap, we're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch, $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra beats lower above 40 gigabyte C details.