
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it, and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms apply.


Your burger is served, and this is our finest Pepsi Zero sugar. It's sweet profile. Perfectly balanced is the savory notes of your burger. That Is one perfect combination. Burgers deserve Pepsi.


This MLB season FanDuel's Dinger Tuesday is back, And this year all customers get a profit boost to BET home runs every week. So gear up to go yard all season long on FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 Plus in President Select states opt in required bonus issued is non Withable profit Boost tokens. Restrictions apply, including any token expiration in max wager amount. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER


10 years from today, Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses. Lisa's taking now with A A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does, and she can finally run with the big dogs. And the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are, the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and Special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, And you could be next. With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere, without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself And ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


Hmm. Disturbing A very, very sickly looking. Donald Trump returned from a disastrous trip to the NATO summit in the Netherlands at the Hague. He was struggling to walk down the steps of Air Force One as he returned to the United States, and then began ranting and raving like a lunatic over the leaks that the military strikes against Iran were not as successful as he claimed. Let's take a look at him. Struggling to walk down a flight of steps from Air Force One, play this clip. While on Air Force one, Donald Trump was ranting and raving like a lunatic.


He was begging Israeli courts not to pursue cases against Benjamin Netanyahu. I'll show you those posts in a minute. He was also attacking anyone who dare criticize the United States intelligence from the Pentagon and centcom, which state that these strikes on the nuclear facilities in Iran were not as successful as Donald Trump claimed, and that Iran would likely be able to continue to build a nuclear program if it desired, and that Iran was able to move the uranium out of the facilities in advance of the strikes based on Donald Trump's erratic behavior. And Donald Trump's constant posts today or tomorrow.


It's unclear with this Trump regime. They're supposed to be some briefing with the Congress over what took place, but apparently the Trump regime is no longer allowing Tulsi Gabbard to be part of that anymore. Specifically excluding their director of national intelligence from issues regarding national intelligence. Also, the Trump regime is severely curtailing any of the classified information that Congress will be able to look at. Why? Because they are hiding a lot of stuff. Here's what Donald Trump posted. I'm not gonna read the whole thing. I'll just give you a flavor of what a lunatic he is.


He goes, secretary of Defense War, exclamation point, Pete Hegseth, together with military representatives, will be holding a major news conference tomorrow morning. It's happening already. It's happened today at the Pentagon. In order to fight for the dignity of our great American pilots. These patriots were very upset. After 36 hours of dangerously flying through enemy territory, they landed, they knew the success was legendary. He puts that in caps, and then two days later, they started reading fake news by CNN and the failing New York Times. They felt terribly so in Donald Trump's unhinged, deranged, lunatic, fictitious world, the fighter pilots of B Twos are calling him up to complain and cry that they think the reporting by CNN and New York Times of the actual intelligence by the United States government shows that Iran's military or Iran's nuclear facilities were not destroyed.


And that now our fighter pilots are crying as a result. So in Donald Trump's world, he's making the fighter pilots seem like they're whining when it's Donald Trump who's whining and using the fighter pilots as props to insulate the fact that the mission was not achieved, that the mission was not successful, and that Donald Trump tackled. I didn't want to see a war to begin with there. But then after not completing the successful mission, Donald Trump then entered into a ceasefire, which he claimed he was never going to do before. He said he would never enter a ceasefire. Remember what he said? He said that he wanted total denuclearization, and that would be the total surrender of Iran.


Well, that didn't happen. But when Donald Trump was in the Hague, when he was at the NATO summit, all he seemed to be doing was praising Iran. And he was so excited about, you know, Iran doing a trade deal with China. First, let me show you this clip where Donald Trump talks about how brave and heroic the Iranians were and how he said it was very nice that the Iranians hit the American military base in Qatar and how they planned it together and just how nice the Iranians are. Here's what he says, play this clip. You Saw that where 14 missiles was shot at us the other day, and they were very nice. They gave us warning.


They said, we're gonna shoot them. Is one o'clock okay? They said It's fine. And everybody was emptied off the base so they couldn't get hurt except for the gunners. They called 'em the gunners. And out of 14 high-end missiles that were shot at the base in Qatar, all 14, as you know, were shot down by our equipment. Amazing stuff. Amazing that they could do. It's like shooting a bullet with a bullet. It's the same thing if you think about it. 14 outta 14. And they were, they weren't even that surprised. I said, you do that. Well, often they say, we pretty much do, sir. Now Here's the clip of Donald Trump saying that he's really happy and he really encouraged Iran to sell its oil to China.


This is gonna be great for Iran, it's gonna be great for China. Donald Trump says, and it's really his honor to make this deal between Iran and China. And I'm watching this. I'm like, what? What the heck? You play this clip Yesterday, you said China can now continue to purchase oil from Iran. Yeah. Are you giving up on your maximum pressure campaign with who? Because with they're sanctions right now. With who? On Iran? No. Look, they just had a war. The war was fought. They fought it bravely. I'm not giving up. They, they're in the oil business. I mean, I could stop it if I want it. I could sell China the oil myself. I don't wanna do that. They're gonna need money to put that country back into shape.


We wanna see that happen. Would they? No. If, if they're gonna sell oil, they're gonna sell oil. We're not taking over the oil. We could have, you know, I used to say with Iraq, keep the oil. I could say it here too. We could have kept the oil. Now, China's gonna wanna buy oil. They can buy it from us, they can buy it from other people. But you're gonna have to put that country back into shape. It needs desperately needs money. So then Donald Trump posted this again, I'm not going to read the entire thing, but here's what he says about the Prime Minister of Israel, Benjamin Netanyahu. He goes, breaking news. I was shocked to hear that the state of Israel, which has just had one of its greatest moments in history and is strongly led by Bibi Netanyahu, is continue.


Its ridiculous. Witch hunt against their great wartime. Prime Minister Bibby and I just went through hell together, fighting a very tough and brilliant longtime enemy of Israel, Iran and Bibby could not have been better, sharper, or stronger in his love of the incredible Holy land. Anybody else would've suffered losses, embarrassment, and chaos. Bibby Netanyahu was a warrior like perhaps no other warrior in the history of Israel. And the result was something that nobody thought was possible. Then Donald Trump goes on to say, Netanyahu's trial should be canceled immediately, or a pardon given to a great hero. What an odd statement to give.


By the way, let me show you two weeks ago, just, I want to come with receipts. I want to give you the data. Remember, two weeks ago when Donald Trump was in the Oval Office, you had the NTUs Football Club, the soccer players for our American viewers behind him being used as a prop to promote fifa. But Donald Trump kept on talking about Iran. This was before the strikes, and Donald Trump said he wanted total surrender, which he said was denuclearization here, just play the clip so you can hear it for yourself. President Emmanuel Macron in France the other day, the G seven, It sounded like, no, he's a nice guy. Look, he said, I was going back home to make a ceasefire, not a ceasefire.


We're long beyond ceasefire. And I said, why do you say that? Why would you say ceasefire? It's a bad term to use. 'cause a ceasefire means like everything's going swimmingly. We'll take a little time off. It's not, we're not looking for a ceasefire. We're looking for a total complete victory. Again, you know what the victory is? No nuclear weapon, Mr. President. So it was a, I thought it was a very badly worded statement by him, and obviously I let him know that Our editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski, I think puts it in the proper context. They, the regime, are lying about Medicaid cuts. They're lying about the deficit increase. They're lying about what they accomplished in Iran. They lie about everything. It's just a nonstop torrent of lies intended to flood the zone with propaganda.


Let's take a look at the data right here. Look at May Home cells, US may new home sales fall 13.7% month over month, which again, is another recession indicator. The LA Times has done a report on, they did a good job here on WHO ICE has disappeared, who ICE has attacked in Los Angeles most were taken off the streets have no criminal convictions at all. It's the data point that we have. And again, I think it's important that we use accurate data right here. You know, and a lot of what we see, and I'm gonna just show you a short version of this clip, is you just have ice agents masked.


Are they actually ICE agents? Are they just deputized Gestapo? Here they are in Huntington Park. By the way, hp, that's where my wife grew up. Just so you all know, that's where my wife's family lives. I've been to this Home Depot before. Huntington Park, hardworking Latino community that's being terrorized by ICE agents who are doing this here. Let's play this clip. Hey, where's your fucking warrant? Where's your warrant? Fuck, back. No, fuck you. Gimme your badge on your name. Give me, beat that beat. Gimme your badge on your name. You guys have no warrant, no probable cause.


Shame on you guys. Shame on you. Horrific, horrific stuff right there. And then I'll show you a short clip over here. This is people in wheelchairs getting arrested at the Russell Senate office building in DC yesterday. They showed up to tell Republicans and Congress not to cut their Medicaid because they can't afford healthcare without it, and they will die. And you'll see these individuals in wheelchairs being zip tied and being pushed out in a line here, play this clip Clear.


Finally, one of Donald Trump's disastrous moments in NATO as well. He was asked by a reporter, look, you said that you would end the war in Ukraine in 24 hours, but you didn't do it. Can you explain what's happening? Can you explain why? Then Donald Trump said, I never really meant that seriously. I meant it sarcastically. I never truly meant I could end the war in Ukraine in 24 hours. He said, but I have given peace deals between India and Pakistan, which by the way, I've showed you videos. The India Prime Minister said Trump had nothing to do with the ceasefire between India and Pakistan.


Also, it was Donald Trump's weakness. I think that led to the conflagration in that ar in that region in the first place. Trump is taking place for peace in Serbia. Donald Trump is taking credit for peace in Rwanda. Donald Trump is taking credit for peace through. He goes, I all all deals in the past 30 years. He claims that he did it. Let me just show you what he said. Play this clip. Mr. President Johannes Petra from Austrian National Television. How are you? He once said that you would end the Ukraine War in 24 hours. You later said, you said that Sarta sarcastically. Well, of course it was sarcastic, But you've now been in office for five months and five days.


Why have you not been able to end the Ukraine war? Because it's more difficult than people would have any idea. Vladimir Putin has been more difficult. Frankly. I had some problems with Zelensky. You may have read about 'em, and it's been more difficult than other wars. I mean, look, we just ended a war in 12 days. That was simmering for 30 years. Frankly. We ended Rwanda and the Congo. It's coming to sign the documents. We've already signed basic documents, but they're coming, I think, to the White House On Friday. We ended, Serbia was gonna go at it, but maybe the most important of all India and Pakistan, and that wasn't whether or not they may someday have nukes, like we're talking about in the Middle East, like we're talking about with Israel and Iran.


This is the half nuclear weapons. I ended that with a series of phone calls on trade. I said, look, if you're gonna go fighting each other, it's gonna, it was getting very bad. You know how bad that last attack was. It was really bad. If you're gonna go fighting each other, we're not doing any trade deal. No, no, no. You have to do a trade deal. I said, we're not doing any trade deal. And in fact, I had the general, who was really was very impressive. The general from Pakistan was in my office last week. You know, prime Minister Modi's a great friend of mine. He's a great gentleman. He's a great man, and I got them there reason, and I said, we're not doing a trade deal. If you're gonna fight and if you're gonna fight each other, we're not doing a trade deal.


And you know what? They said, no, I wanna do the trade deal. We stopped the nuclear war. Go ahead. Now, let me just share with you a clip of what Donald Trump's campaign promise was so you can judge for yourself. Was Donald Trump being sarcastic or is this what he actually promised the American people about stopping the war in Ukraine in 24 hours? Play this clip, End the war in Ukraine in 24 hours. Yes, I do. How would you do that? I know Zelensky very well. I, I'll end that war between those two countries in 24 hours. It won't even take that long. I will get the war ended. I'll stop all of those lives from being wasted and lost, and there'll be no more bombing of Ukraine.


There'll be no more bombing of Russia and everybody will be happy. It can be negotiated, I think within 24 hours. It really has to be done from the office of the President, and you have to get 'em both in a room and there are things you can say to each one of them, which I won't reveal now, which will guarantee that this war will end immediately. Yep. So you had a very sickly and weak looking Donald Trump making America look very weak in that NATO summit. I've done other reports on this. I'll do another report in about 90 minutes or so on this. So check our YouTube feed, but you have Canada and the European Union entering into a defense pact, which I think has major implications.


Just a very weak, weak, and sickly Donald Trump. You see right there for yourself. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 6 million subscribers. Thanks all. New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest Prodemocracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot midas touch.com


Want the same expert advice you get from the pros in the store while shopping online at Discount Tire dot com. Meet Treadwell, your personal online tire guide that matches you with the perfect tire for your vehicle. Get your best match in one minute or less with Treadwell by Discount Tire. Let's get you taken care of.