
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at shopify.com/special offer


This MLB season FanDuel S Dinger Tuesday is back. And this year all customers get a profit boost to BET home runs every week. So gear up to go yard all season long on FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 Plus in President Select states opt in required bonus issued is non Withable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply, including any token expiration in max wager amount. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER


10 years from today. Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses Lisa's taking now with A A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does and she can finally run with the big dogs. And the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere, without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself. And ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


By looking at the objective data and evidence before us, it's obvious Donald Trump is falling apart physically, mentally, emotionally, since he returned from Europe where he humiliated the United States in the Netherlands, in the Hague at the NATO summit. He's been behaving in a extra deranged and adult fashion. He's repeatedly been posting daddy's home and selling daddy merch with his face on it. This is from the official White House account. America's back, daddy's home. They're actually selling this stuff from the official government White House account.


But one of the things that Donald Trump's been doing over and over again, and if you have a family member who has dementia, you may be seeing similar things. Donald Trump keeps calling women around him attractive. And he keeps saying, you know, I think you're so beautiful. I think you're so pretty. And he's saying it in all of these public settings. And he's done it repeatedly over and over again at multiple press conferences this past week. I mean, look, that's an addition to him talking about having an imaginary friend, Hannah Lecter. It's in addition to him making up fake trade deals and having fake conversation with world leaders that aren't taking place. And I understand corporate news wants to normalize it and say, oh, that's Trump being Trump.


This is having a profoundly negative impact on our economy, on our people. It's having real consequences. I mean, On Friday the economic data reflected the following. Core inflation spiked to 2.7% in May. That's worse than expected. But Donald Trump and Stephen Miller, they say, there's no inflation. We've won. We beat inflation. It's just false income falls by 0.4%. A sign of a recession looming. The GDP has been revised down to 0.5%. In Q1, consumer spending drops to 0.1%.


New home sales are down by like 15 plus percent. Mortgage rates are above 7%. It is quite rare, as Justin Wolf's economist says, for consumer spending to fall in inflation adjusted terms that happened during COVI and during the financial crisis. And it's happening now. And, and let me just show you, this is him On Friday where he was holding a press conference in the White House and he turns to the woman next to him and goes, oh, you are pretty. Oh, you're so pretty. I'm gonna, this may not be politically correct. You are pretty, just a weird thing to say from the Oval Office to a woman next to you.


I mean, just play this clip. She's beautiful and you are beautiful. I'm not allowed to say that, you know, that could be the end of my political career. But I said Anyway, but you are beautiful and you're beautiful inside. And as I mentioned, he's done this multiple times during a press conference that he had earlier in the week. He talked about a woman named Angelina who he says, Angelina, you're very pretty. Angelina, you play this clip. Angelina Banks from Philadelphia. Where's Angelina? Where is Angelina? Oh, oh, oh.


You are very pretty. And then he talked about how he likes to call waitresses pretty and how he likes to say that waitresses are beautiful, just strange stuff here. Play this clip. I don't say, I will never say good looking waitress because looks don't matter anymore. You know, in our modern society, she happened to be beautiful, but I won't say that. I'm not sure if you saw, but when he landed back in America, he struggled to get down the steps. I'll, I'll show you this right here. Let's play this clip. And you may recall recently where he fell while he was trying to go up the steps.


I'll play you this clip right here. And when you listen to his press conferences, and I, I guess unfortunately for me, I watch 'em all so I can just show you what's going down and I do longer takes on it. So if you wanted to have more context, you can go back and watch. I mean, I, I just show you a few of these clips 'cause they're, each one's more insane than the next. But like, he talks about paperclips and he's like, someone invented paperclips and they got very rich off of paperclips here, play this clip. And people said, what a great idea. It's so simple. It's like, it's like the paper clip. Somebody came up with the idea of a paper clip many years ago, 18, 17, and he became a very rich person and everybody looked at it and said, why the hell didn't I think of that?


But it's like the paperclip, but only if the car is made in America. Remember that? And again, like, what in the world is he talking about here? So then On Friday he mentions that he, he bashes Canada again. He says the United States is pulling out of all trade negotiations with Canada. He goes, we've just been informed that Canada, a very difficult country to trade with, including the fact that they've charged our farmers as much as a 400% tariff for years on dairy products, has just announced that they are putting a digital service tax on our American technology companies. Then Donald Trump basically says, this is egregious.


We're terminating all trade discussions with Canada. If he, you know, if, if he just lived in the real world, he would know that what he, I guess what he's referring to, I think the digital service tax act from Canada came into law in 2024. No one was complaining about this thing. Really, American farmers are not complaining about competing with Canada's dairy farmers. That, that, that that's just not what's happening. American farmers are getting screwed because the retaliatory tariffs placed on the United States now have places like Canada and China elsewhere going to Brazil and places in Central America and South America to get their stuff.


But what, what in the world is, is is he talking about here? I think this is important also, as we learn more details, how these strikes on Iran were not successful objectively Iran's able to still have nuclear capabilities and in a few months, if they wanted to potentially have a nuclear weapon, Iran is now no longer cooperating at all with the IAEA as a result of what went down. They're declaring victory in Iran, although not a victory in Iran. But their people are like celebrating and acting like they won. I think they were able to move their uranium out before the strikes took place.


Donald Trump is talking about a deal that he's encouraging China to buy cheap oil from Iran and ultimately who's that gonna benefit? Ultimately that's gonna benefit. Vladimir Putin, who gets the Shahid drones from Iran. I mean, that's the alliance. Russia, Iran, China and North Korea. We learned this fact as well. The United States depleted 15 to 20% of its Thad, T-H-A-A-D missile, interceptor stockpile. That is just a acronym for the missiles that were used to kind of shoot down the ballistic missiles and the other rockets from Iran.


So during the 11 day Israel Iran conflict, the United States spent close to a billion dollars and depleted 15 to 20% of the T-H-A-A-D Thad missile interceptors. Like that's, that's not a, that's not a good fact. Like that's, that's not a good stat right there. Donald Trump talking about a made up deal with China that didn't take place. We just signed a deal with China yesterday, he said on Thursday. So that would be Wednesday. There's no deal with China. He's just making this up. Like, what are you, what are you talking about? And now everybody from the Trump regime is saying, well, we should wait for Labor Day.


Labor Day. There's gonna be deals. Here's Donald Trump talking about we just signed with China yesterday. Play this clip. Everybody wants to make a deal and have a part of it, right? I know you and Howard and Scott are working overtime making deals with other countries. You remember a few months ago the press was saying, do you really have anybody of any interest? Well, we just signed with China yesterday, right? Just signed with China. We have everybody. We're not gonna make deals with everybody. Some were just gonna send 'em a letter, say thank you very much. You're gonna pay 25, 35, 40 5%. That's the easy way to do it. And my people don't wanna do it that way. They wanna do some of it, but they wanna make more deals than I would do.


But we're having some great deals. We have one coming up maybe with India, very big one where we're gonna open up India And now here's Treasury Secretary Scott Bessant pushing the benchmark down the line and saying maybe by Labor Day we'll have deals. And it doesn't really matter. Donald Trump will just send letters to countries and he will tell them what the tariffs are going to be here, play this clue What is the next country we should expect a trade deal to do with the United States? Are you gonna be able to get some deal announcements beyond just the UK before this August deadline? Where we're gonna hear from the, the, the Court of International Appeals, Maria, you know, with with with all things they, they get done at the end, you have to put on a deadline.


You know, as you and I know nothing gets done in, in Washington, well, well in advance. So I think a lot of the countries are feeling pressure as President Trump has said, you know, he's created maximum negotiating leverage for Ambassador Greer, secretary Lutnick and myself by saying like, if you can't get to a deal, he's happy to go back to the April 2nd level. So we have countries approaching us with very good deals. We have 18 important trading partners, you know, UK, China, the are the behind us for now are, are behind us. And then Secretary Lutnick said yesterday that he expects 10 more deals.


So, you know, if, if we can ink 10 or 12 of the important 18, okay, you know, there are another important 20 relationships, then I think we could have trade wrapped up by labor days. So, you know, we, we will have taxes and trade, which I think will provide a great stimulus from the economy. And then there's the, the, the deregulatory impact. You know, Trump continues to say that gas is a dollar 98 cents when it's not a dollar 98 cents. I mean, just think about that. I mean, I, I I if I said former President Biden claimed gas was a dollar 98 and it wasn't. You'd all be like, okay, Biden's got dementia, Biden's got, just think about the way the media would report this, but here's what Trump says about gasoline.


Energy prices are way down. Gasoline now is down to close to $2 in a lot of places. A couple of places I see it even broke. It's like 1 98 a gallon. We've done a great job on inflation and honestly, pretty much everything else, You know, and I think this moment right here from Donald Trump's press conference On Friday was the most telling. 'cause you could really see what sheep will, what sheep the media is, and that they're willing to throw away our democracy for access to this cognitively adult physically decaying, dangerous dictator who's destroyed our constitution. So like Donald Trump says, alright, who wants to ask me more questions or should I leave?


Do you want me to leave or do you want me, do you want me to stay? And then everybody in the media was like, stay, stay, stay. Please stay, stay. I mean, it's really embarrassing here, play this clip. Should, by the way, so many questions. Should we keep this going, Pam? Or Yes. This is the opposite of Biden. Biden would take a half a question and he'd leave without answering it. Go ahead. You tell me when it gets boring. I think that right there is a perfect microcosm of the media giving us all the middle fingers. Stay, stay, stay, stay, stay. You know what? On right wing media, they're still talking about former President Biden.


Oh, you, you still have like a Jake Tapper going around. Did you know that Biden Dude, shut up. We can see Donald Trump before our eyes behaving the way he he did. This is from aging care.com. While some of the inappropriate things that come out of dementia, patients' mouths tend to be off the wall or even comical, other comments are deeply hurtful to those around them. These remarks are the product of interacting with the world as usual, but without any social filters. A senior with cognitive impairment, for example, may comment on a person's attractiveness, weight, clothing, accent, or even race.


And I mean, here, Donald Trump keeps talking about his imaginary friend, Hannibal Lecter. Here, watch this. And during the campaign, I talk about the late great Hannibal Lecter. Do you know who that is? Hannibal Lec. Silence of the Lambs I'd talk about in the fake news would go crazy. Why does he keep mentioning? Well, 'cause we won a landslide. That's why they don't wanna have, they don't wanna have Hannibal in our midst. So I, I think it's important that I point this out, that we discuss the meltdown that's taking place and also we ex we attach it to the real world consequences, right? Like, how is this also impacting you?


It's impacting you because inflation's real. It's happening. It's going up. Core inflation's up 2.7% in May. That's higher than expected. So Trump lied about making things cheaper and he'll say, oh, in the big Bill, there's no tax on Social Security. That's not true. It's not in there at all. It's just a lie. It's just a lie. Housing is certainly less affordable right now. We've got ice agents disappearing, people on the streets. It's bad out there, it's bad out there. Our economy's contracting. People are being laid off. That's the reality, you know? And, and then you have this right wing maga cult trying to pretend that, oh, daddy's home.


Daddy, dad, daddy the what? Daddy? This is the united daddy calling the president daddy. It's some weird stuff and it's not normal. It's not acceptable. We're not gonna normalize it ever. Here on the Midas Touch Network, hit subscribe. Let's get to 6 million. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.


DMV, the rhythm is here. It's the soul circus rhythm of the world tour. The most electrifying cultural experience of a lifetime is going on now, rhythm under this big top, every beat tells a story rhythm. Every move shakes the soul. Oh, you don't just watch this show. You feel it, you live it. And if you miss it, you miss out. It's the Rhythm of the World Tour going on now through July 20th at National Harbor. Tickets on sale@universalcircus.com


Want the same expert advice you get from the pros in the store while shopping online at Discount Tire dot com. Meet Treadwell, your personal online tire guide that matches you with the perfect tire for your vehicle. Get your best match in one minute or less with Treadwell by Discount Tire. Let's get you taken care of.