
You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a price they have. My favorite brand. It's like a whole new bu Ah, I I'm saving so much. Yeah. Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals you'll love Burlington. I told you. So.


This episode is brought to you by Enterprise Mobility. From fleet management to flexible truck rentals to technology solutions. Enterprise Mobility helps businesses find the right mobility solutions so they can find new opportunities. Because if your business is on the road, they wanna make sure it's on the road to success. Enterprise mobility, moving you moves the world. Find your road@enterprisemobility.com.


The new KFC Dunk IT bucket with juicy original recipe tenders. New mashed potato poppers, crispy fries, plus three sauces that fit right on top of the lid. So you can dunk anywhere. You can dunk at the game dunk while security points to the no outside food sign and dunk as 20,000 people watch you and your dunk it bucket. Get removed from the stadium dunk almost anywhere with the new $7 KFC Dunk it bucket. Or get the double dunk it bucket for 25. Prices and participation vary while supplies last, taxes, tips and fees extra.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Every idea starts with a problem. Warby Parker's was simple. Glasses are too expensive. So they set out to change that. By designing glasses in-house and selling directly to customers, they're able to offer prescription eyewear that's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Warby Parker glasses are made from premium materials like impact resistant polycarbonate and custom acetate, and they start at just $95, including prescription lenses. Get glasses made from the good stuff. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


What did I just watch? Look at Donald Trump here throughout this interview on Newsmax with Greg Kelly this evening. He looked like he was going to fall asleep the entire time. Sleepy Donald with his eyes closed as he spent most of the interview whining about the 2020 election and saying the 2020 election was rigged here. Play this clip before, But in most people knew it before too. But you mentioned something today. Ashley Babbitt. I'm gonna look into that because what happened to Babbitt is, is so sad. That whole, that whole story, that whole period of time and what they, what they did was so bad.


What? There were so many F forces at work that people are starting to find out about it. It was an evil period of time. And then a very lethargic, a very fatigued and sleepy. Donald Trump said that he was saved by God to save the country. A demented man. Play this clip. I Think, you know, somebody said that God saved me in order to save this country. This country was going down, Greg. If, if this election wasn't one, this country had no chance, this country is gonna be, remember I used to say for years, we're gonna be Venezuela on steroids. And that's what was happening to the country.


And now we're turning it around and I think we're turning it around fast. I said before demented man a demented thing here. Donald Trump talks about tariffs and he says, the deals that were made by my predecessors on these trade deals were so bad, Donald, the big trade deal with Canada and Mexico, the U-S-M-C-A, it's your deal. It was your deal. Play this clip. But we've been ripped off as a country, like nobody, like no country has ever been ripped off before. I read some of these deals that are made by my predecessors and it's almost like saying, how could anybody allow this to happen?


Like, as an example, who would allow men to play in women's sports? Then Donald Trump and this host, Greg Kelly walk around the Oval Office and then Greg Kelly looks at portraits of George Washington, Andrew Jackson and Ronald Reagan and Greg Kelly's like, just look at all of these people. They're like you. They're like you. And then Donald's like, yeah, that's why I like you to interview you as he fall. Just watch this, play this clip. And I said, they all look like, you know, old timey guys. This will start people talking and the inevitable comparison to you.


And I think you win that comparison. I've heard you say that. That's why I like, that's why I do interviews with this guy when you say That. But you know what I mean, they'll Talk. I mean, we're watching the outtakes from Idiocracy, not even Idiocracy, the outtakes from Idiocracy. Donald Trump then talks about why his national security advisor, defense secretary, and others were discussing war plans on a group text message thread and invited a reporter, Jeffrey Goldberg, onto the thread. What he says makes no sense. Play this clip. What it was, we believe is somebody that was on the line with permission, somebody that was with Mike Waltz, worked for Mike Waltz at a lower level, had I guess Goldberg's number or called through the app.


And somehow this guy ended up on the call. Now, it wasn't classified as I understand it. There was no classified information. There was no problem. And the attack was a tremendous success. So I can only go by what I've been told. I wasn't involved in it, but I was told by, and the other people weren't involved at all. But I feel very comfortable. Actually, You were on the then Donald Trump, he's amazed by the word groceries. He goes, groceries, groceries. Have you heard of this word? All the groceries are going down. No, they're not. What? What world are you living in? The prices are not going down. You are tanking the economy, though. Play this clip. They talked about the price of groceries and how expensive it was.


And I campaign on it. In all fairness, I, I never, I haven't used the word groceries. It's like an old fashioned word, but really it's not. And people understand it. And I campaign very hard on groceries. And they're coming down very much. If you look at your gasoline prices, it's, it's really coming down tremendously. And that's bringing other prices down with it. So, I mean, I just have, I have really great people, but it took a period of time. You know, I never, Then Donald Trump tries to attack Social security by lying. That illegal immigrants get Social security when they don't play this clip. It's Like, I have nothing to even think about with social. Now, if you have an illegal immigrant on social security, I think everybody wants to make sure that doesn't happen.


So doesn't make make, you know, I have to make sure there's as little fraud as possible, but no Social security, Medicare, Medicaid, people don't have to worry, but they make up stories. They're liars. They lie so badly and they lie so much. Then Donald Trump seems that like he praises Russia here for not doing a deal with Ukraine. And he's like, you know, it's like me, like when I used to do contracts and I didn't wanna sign a contract, that's like, Putin a good negotiator here, play this clip. We're Hearing that maybe Russia is dragging its feet at this point. And Zelensky has shown some openness, especially after what happened in the Oval Office a few weeks ago.


Yeah. Is that, is that accurate at this point? I don't know. I mean, I'll let you know at a certain point, but I think that Russia wants to see an end to it. But it could be they're dragging the feet. I've done it over the years. You know, I don't wanna sign a contract. I wanna sort of stay in the game, but maybe I don't wanna do it quite, I'm not sure. But no, I think Russia would like to see it end. And I think Zelensky would like to see it end at this point. We had a case last week where Ukrainian soldiers were surrounded by Russian soldiers, and this was not good. And I think it had a big impact on not having all of them killed, but they were killed. It's a bloody war.


You know, they lose 2,500 people on average a week. Think of that. 2,500. They're not Americans, but it doesn't matter to me from that standpoint. They're Notice. He can never say anything negative about Putin. He'll attack Ukraine, which has agreed to an unconditional ceasefire when Russia has refused to unconditional ceasefire. And then Donald Trump attacks Ukraine here. Donald Trump then talks about starting a compensation fund for the January 6th. Insurrectionists play it. No, but I took care of 'em. I said I was going to and I did. Is there any talk of, 'cause they lost opportunity, they lost income.


Any kind of compensation funder, anything that, well, there's talk about that. We have a lot of people talk about, a lot of the people that are in government now talk about it because they, a lot of the people in government really like that group of people. They were patriots as far as I was concerned. I talked about, I talk about 'em a lot. They were treated very unfairly. You know, the thing they show is they show a group of a thousand, whatever it may have been, 1500 people down. What they don't show. You never see the crowd that day. It was the biggest crowd I've ever spoken before. It went all the way to the Washington Monument. It was so wide. You couldn't, you, you virtually couldn't see anything else.


But people, they never show that. Whether it was a million people or less than a million, I don't know what it was. But you know, I see Bernie Sanders has a few people out there and they say, oh, the crowd is so big, they don't talk about the crowds. But a group of people went down there peacefully and patriotically. Remember that,


you Know, I often get asked, what's the secret to how Midas touch has grown so fast? I said, it's easy. It's the community, the Midas mighty number one. Then we have to make good content. Number three, we gotta have the business behind the business, the nuts and bolts that make it all work. And we use Shopify here at the Midas Touch Network. Nobody does selling better than Shopify. It's home of the number one checkout on the planet and the not so secret secret with Shop Pay, it boosts your conversions by up to 50%, meaning way less carts going abandoned and way more sales going down. So if you are into growing your business, your commerce platform, make it better today and sign up with Shopify. Join Shopify businesses that sell more. Sell on Shopify. So here's what you gotta do. Upgrade your business the way we did, and I want you to head to Shopify dot com slash midas. That's S-H-O-P-I-F y.com/midas. Upgrade your selling today. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period right here. If you go to Shopify dot com slash midas, all lowercase, that's Shopify dot com slash midas and get that $1 per month trial period right now. Thanks Shopify.


Donald Trump then blames George Soros for attacks on Tesla. Let's play it Tesla violence. Have you heard anything about billionaires on the left, whether it's Soros or somebody else? Have you heard anything about planning, coordination, funding for these attacks? I believe that that is part of it. Yeah, there are some of them that were involved with my trials that were, I think, probably involved with that also. And you know, Elon's done a very good job. He is found tremendous waste, fraud and abuse like levels You've never seen people that don't show up to work and they get checks. I mean, so many different things that you can't even go over to so much.


Done a great job. And he's basically a patriot, you know? Then Greg Kelly tries to get Donald Trump to say that there was gonna be a lot of exceptions to the April 2nd tariffs. And Donald Trump's like, no, not too many exceptions. Play this clip A couple things more, if you don't mind. You're such a positive person and I love it. You even acknowledge that there will be disturbances with the tariffs. There will be disturbances. Question is how far, how bad could those disturbances be? And how far are you willing to go when it comes to April 2nd? I know there are some exceptions and it's an ongoing discussion, but not too many. Not too many exceptions. No, I don't wanna have too many exceptions.


Yeah, look, we've been ripped off for 45 years by other countries, 50 years more. We always were soft and weak. It's almost like we had people that didn't know what, what they were doing. We were just ripped as a country like nobody has ever seen before. That's why we, and Do you hear there as well? He's like, yeah, there's gonna be disturbances, disturbance. Why are they disturbing our, I don't want disturbances. I, I just, I want to go about my day with my family, right? I just want to wake up, maybe read a book, have some breakfast. My wife and my daughter go for a walk.


That's what I want to do. Not have to deal with disturbances. Have economic hardship inflicted upon me. Whatcha doing? Then Donald Trump said lies and says, Biden paid $350 billion to Europe, to Ukraine. Europe paid a hundred billion, so we're 250 billion. All lies, Europe has paid more to Ukraine than the United States. And the United States payments to Ukraine came in the form of old weapons that the United States was not even using. And Europe gave more. It just, everything he says is a lot. There's nothing true about this play, this clip, And I just wanna see it stop.


I also don't wanna pay. You know, the Biden paid $350 billion. Europe paid a hundred billion dollars. And I said, why didn't they equalize? Why? Why were we so far ahead of, of Europe? Then I found out that Europe, as you know, took loans. In other words, they gave it in the form of loans. We didn't, but I was able to make a deal for rare Earth, which will be good. At least we don't feel so stupid. But we had $350 billion and there, so were 200, $250 billion more than Europe. Isn't it ridiculous? And Then Donald Trump praises Ashley Babbitt, who was the lady who got shot and killed on January 6th.


She was leading a group of people trying to break into the area where senators and Congress members were to attack them. And the group, the mob wanted to kill them. And Ashley Babbitt was going through the, the glass that had been broken to attack police officers. And then Trump of course, attacks the police officer and praises Ashley Babbitt play this clip. Emily of Ashley Babbitt is suing the government wrongful death. Mm. The DOJ right now officially is still opposing that lawsuit trying to justify it. Hmm. Shouldn't that be something that can just be settled at this point? Well, I'll look into that. I mean, you're just telling me that for the first time, I haven't heard that.


I'm a big fan of Leigh Babbitt. Okay. And Ashley Babbitt was a really good person who was a big MAGA fan. Trump fan. And she was innocently standing there. They even say trying to sort of hold back the crowd. And a man did something to her that was unthinkable when he shot her. And I think it's a disgrace. I'm gonna look into that. I did not know that. No. And And the officer who shot her, yeah, Michael Bird is still on duty. They gave him a raise and they gave him a medal. And I believe a promotion. I think it's a disgrace. He's a federal Employee. Yeah. Would you or could you do something like That? I'm gonna Take a look at it. I'm gonna look at that too. By the way, here's Donald Trump celebrating the U-S-M-C-A, his trade deal with Canada and Mexico that he now says is the worst deal.


I just want to bring out the receipts. This is during the first Trump administration, the trade deal with Canada and Mexico is literally his deal. Play this clip. It's my great honor to announce that we have successfully completed negotiations on a brand new deal to terminate and replace NAFTA and the NAFTA trade agreements with an incredible new US Mexico Canada agreement called us MCA, sort of just works MCA US MCA, and that'll be the name, I guess that 99% of the time we'll be hearing.


U-S-M-C-A has a good ring too. Yeah, Donald. So the person who made a stupid deal, stupid, that was you, Donald, that was you. Who did it? I had the opportunity to interview former ambassador to the United Nations and former national Security advisor, Susan Rice. And I asked her about the cell phone, text message threads by these Trump officials where they were talking about their war plans. Steve Whitcoff Trump's envoy to Russia was in Moscow while all of this was taking place. And he was on the thread. So I asked Ambassador Rice, so do the Russians have all our info now? And she's like, yep.


If he's on that thread, he's using signal. They have it here. Play this clip. Donald Trump's special envoy to Russia. Steve Witkoff was allegedly in Moscow while he was on this group chat. The CIA director John Ratcliffe, testified today that he wasn't even aware today that Witkoff was in Moscow when I knew about it, because it was a matter of public attention. How dangerous is that? Do you believe the Russians now have all of that information and potentially more, what can you give us based on what, what would you know about these things?


Well, if unless no, there's no Yes, the Russians have whatever Witkoff was doing or saying on his personal cell phone. The way Witkoff should have handled this and, and the way this meeting should have been conducted is Witkoff should have gone into the US Embassy in Moscow and gone into their secure compartment facility and conducted a, his participation by video conference. That's how this whole thing should have happened. There should never have been a signal chat used as the vehicle for a discussion that involved anything sensitive regarding national security. The Russians undoubtedly have it.


Well, there you have it folks. Let me know what you think. That was Donald Trump. Sleepy. Donald Trump's appearance on newsmax. Really weird stuff. Dangerous stuff. Tell me what you think. Can't subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Philip Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.