
Donald Trump looked very unwell during a speech in Charlotte North Carolina today slurring his words lethargic. Very odd. Right here, let me show you. Donald Trump couldn't even say God bless. Here, play this clip. God Bless you. God bless God. Then Donald Trump talks about how he wouldn't want to be filmed sleeping in public. You play this clip And I say, you know, have I ever hit that kind of a condition? And hopefully it won't happen for a long time. The last thing I'm gonna wanna do is be sleeping with cameras all over the place. Taking your picture. I don't wanna be sleeping in public. I think this speech was supposed to be about crime, but here he is talking about golfing and his handicap.


Here, play this clip Handicap and oh, and he is a six handicap. Yeah. You ever see him swing? He goes like, he, the ball goes three yards. If he's lucky, if it doesn't go backwards. Then he talks about how he likes to call the Democratic party, the Democrat Party, because Democratic sounds too nice here. play this clip. It is true though, I mean, it's got no votes. And now she's running. So she explained that one. It's not the Democratic way, it's not a Democrat, you know, I never call it, they call it the Democratic Party 'cause it sounds so nice.


I call it the Democrat Party. It's actually the Democrat Party. They ought change the name. They're always arguing that. I always call it that. It's called Democrat Party. Democratic sounds so beautiful, the Democratic Party, it's even nicer in a speech, but they ought to change the name instead of complaining. Then Donald Trump again at this event that's supposed to be about crime, and it's in front of a police union. He mocks Nancy Pelosi for the fact that her husband was almost murdered and the murder suspect has since been convicted. And Donald Trump finds that funny play this clip. Well, While they, they live in safety in many cases behind walls.


You know that Nancy Pelosi is a big wall wrapped around her house. Of course, it didn't help too much with the problem she had, did it. And again, is Donald Trump there saying that walls don't work? What is, what is even with that? Then Donald Trump says that vice President, Kamala Harris is a threat to democracy. Because he took a bullet to the head, He says, which he did not, but play this clip All fair. She was vice President that nobody knew she shouldn't have been vice President. If you, you know, they call threat to democracy. She's a threat to democracy the way they call me a threat. I take a bullet in the head and I'm a threat.


No, no. She's a threat to democracy. Think of it. But, And again, he keeps saying he took a bullet to the head. I mean, again, release your medical records and you know, it looks like something hit your ear. Was it shrapnel? Whatever it was. But an AR 15 bullet did not hit you in the head. I mean, I think we know that Donald Trump then says that New York is really bad. I mean, he ignores the fact that he sends his son to NYU now, but it's really bad and it's a a hell hole here. play this clip. You can't even go to a pharmacy without everything being locked behind glass. The new thing in New York, you, you go to a pharmacy to buy aspirin, to buy a toothbrush, and it takes you 45 minutes to get a clerk to open up the the glass because people are walking and just taking as much as they want.


I don't know if you know that. Donald Trump then talks about vice President, Kamala Harris trying to practice for the debate, but she can't. He says, because MAGA people yell at her. play this clip. She's right now practicing. Do you know that She's in Pennsylvania and she's practicing for the debate. She's locked herself in a room. She's got a lot to learn. She's locked herself in a room and they have one problem. You know what the problem is? They have MAGA people outside screaming. We love Trump. We love Trump, we love Trump. And they can't focus. Can you believe it just came over? They got MAGA people all over the place, and they're screaming, we love Trump, and she can't focus.


That's okay. As Again, I doesn't even know what we're even watching right now. I mean, again, I know that corporate media wants to s watch this and make it look normal, but there's nothing normal about this here. Donald Trump then says people can't walk out to get loafs of bread because they get wrapped. Play the clip. To me, the number one thing that I get spoken to by the people and I meet so many people is crime. I mean, they can't believe it. They can't walk out of their apartments and buy a loaf of bread without getting mugged or wrapped or shot. You look at Chicago, it's like He then says that terrible countries don't have the same amount of crime that America has.


Again, everything he's saying is false. Let's be clear. Violent crime is down now, significantly higher than when he was in office. Here play this clip. You know, everyone's always talking about these terrible countries to live in that regime and this or that, but those countries don't have crime like we do. Not even, not even close.


I have to tell you about this game changing product I used before. A night out with drinks. It's called Pre-Cool. Let's face it. After a night of drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. I used to feel like I had to make AdChoices. I could either have a great night or a great next day, but now I don't have to choose thanks to pre alcohol biotics. Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic, toxic byproduct in the gut. It's actually this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your next rough day. Pre-Cool produces an enzyme that breaks this byproduct down. Just remember to make Z biotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I pre alcohol, before drinks, I notice a difference. The next day, even after a night out, I could confidently plan on getting up early for a workout or handling a busy work day. Without worry, I won't lie. I was a bit on the fence about pre-cool at first, but then while hanging out with some friends at a rooftop bar, I gave it a shot. I had my first pre-cool before my go-to Margarita, and the next morning I felt amazing, just like my normal self ready to take on the day. I kept hearing about pre-cool and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I believe the hype. And with their GMO technology, Biotics is working on more products to address other toxic byproducts of modern living in the gut. Go to biotics.com/midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order when you use the code Midas at checkout, that's M-E-I-D-A-S-Z. Biotics is backed by a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to z biotics.com/midas and use that code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S, at checkout for 15% off.


Then Donald Trump says he wouldn't even have to be campaigning if there wasn't all of this cheating taking place. So again, what he's setting up when he loses is he's gonna say, oh, it was a cheating. It was rigged. It's all unfair here. play this clip Frankly, so easily. And he was very much into securing the vote. That's why he's the head of the whole look. If We can keep the cheating down to a minimum because these people cheat, they cheat like hell. If We can keep it down to a minimum, we win easily. If we had, let's say, a beautiful vote counter, an honest person comes down from on high to count the votes, we win.


I, I could stop campaigning. I told Michael and Laura, I don't have to come anywhere anymore. I'm just gonna relax because, but we have to win. You know, we too big to rig is the statement we use. He then encourages the police officers in the audience to stand by the polling sites with their badges. 'cause that will scare people. play this clip Crazy and I hope you as the greatest people, the just as great as there is any, anybody in their country. I hope you watch for voter fraud. So it starts early, you know, it starts in a week, but I hope you can watch and you're all over the place. Watch for the voter fraud because we win without voter fraud.


We win so easily. Hopefully we're gonna win anyway, but we want to keep it down. You can keep it down just by watching, because believe it or not, they're afraid of that badge. They're afraid of you people. They're afraid of that more than anything else. They're afraid. So I hope you can watch during, He then praises a ruling in North Carolina to take RFK Junior's name off the ballot. And He says that that's because RFK is a team player who's gonna help women's health, huh? Play this clue. The appeals court ruled today that Robert F. Kennedy Jr's name should be taken off the ballot and, and that sounds like a bad thing for him.


It's not. It's actually a great thing. He's an incredible team player and he didn't want anybody to be voting his name. 'cause as you know, he fully endorsed us. He's with us. He's gonna be watching out for women's health and everybody's health and got a lot of great things to say. He is very smart and very good, great person and very popular. I mean, again, we're actually watching the rantings and ravings of, of a complete lunatic right here who can't even complete sentences and is just saying the most psychotic things, just ob objectively. Here he is. He talks about people can't even go to schools anymore because all the pupils are being beaten.


play this clip. And how about what they're doing to our schools? They're going into schools, they're beating the hell out of our other pupils. We're giving them chairs and we're telling people that have been their families, that have had their children in that school. You can't go to that school anymore. Again, he's just lying about the United States of America and he's creating in his own mind and projecting this hellhole. This as Governor Wall says, this Mad Max environment. Then I guess he thinks if he repeats it over and over again and corporate media buys this, just get people to feel miserable about This country. And there are problems, don't get me wrong, but our country isn't the country that he's talking about right now. And then here, By, the way you have Donald Trump saying that one of his main priorities will be an executive order to ban cartels and gangs.


That's what it's gonna do. And he goes, I'll sign an executive order saying No more cartels on day one here, play this Clip gorge. I will sign an executive order on my first day making it the official policy of the US government to completely eliminate the presidents of drug cartels and foreign gangs in the United States. We're gonna eliminate them. Let me just show you. President Biden spoke today as well. Here's what he had to say. In Thousands of cities and towns across the country, we're seeing the Great American comeback story. My predecessor believes America is a failing nation. He's a failing president of a failing man. He's wrong America's, Here's another clip of President Biden here, let's play it.


But my predecessors doesn't get it. He refused to visit American Cemetery in France that I was just new because according to his own chief of staff of four Star Marine General Trump said, those servicemen buried there are suckers and losers. My son died 'cause of a year in Iraq. I'm just happy and I mean this in front of my heart. I'm glad I wasn't there. I think I would've done something. No, I think he would've too. They're heroes.


He's the sucker. He's the loser way. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million together. thank you. Real quick, Medis change their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.