
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry With LifeLock. Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


Hey, aren't you that PBM Middleman at your service? Doctor? Don't you get rebates that save money on medicines? Oh, PBMs like me get big rebates. So why do patients tell me they're worried about their costs? No one says we have to share the savings with patients. Congress should make sure medicine savings go directly to patients, not middlemen. Visit PMA dot org slash middleman to learn more paid for by pharma.


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year's. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Get ready to tackle the NFL action with FanDuel America's number one sportsbook. Because right now new customers can bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if you win. The FanDuel Sportsbook app gives you everything you need to place live bets on the NFL all in one place. So when you get a hunch in the middle of the game, you can check out the latest stats view, live, play by play, and so much more on the same page where you place your bets. Just visit fanduel.com/sports fan to join today. You'll get started with $150 in bonus bets if you win your first $5 bet. That's fanduel.com/sports fan. Never waste a hunch and make every moment more with FanDuel. An official sports book partner of the NFL must be 21 plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $10 First deposit required. A bonus issued is now withdrawal. Bonus bets that expire seven days after receipt restrictions. Apply C terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER


MAGA Mike Johnson. What happened? You were on the airplane with Donald Trump and Elon Musk. You were at the UFC events and you even pointed at Donald Trump. You thought you were a cool kid. Well, now you're getting booed at the big MAGA Republican Conference in Arizona. It's referred to as AM Fest. American Fest is one of these right wing events put on by Charlie Kirk and Mike Johnson was supposed to speak at the event, but after Donald Trump and Elon Musk undermined his bipartisan compromise with the Democrats earlier in the week to pass a continuing resolution and threw MAGA mike under the bus, the MAGA Republicans to spies MAGA Mike Johnson at this point, they want maga.


Mike Johnson gone. So MAGA Mike Johnson was afraid to even show his face at AM Fest at this big MAGA Republican convention. But that didn't stop the MAGA Republicans in attendance from booing MAGA Mike Johnson, he got booed ruthlessly over and over again. Here is a magar Republican, an actress named Lee, Allen Baker, and here she is saying a bunch of things that aren't true about the continuing resolution, but going after maga, Mike Johnson, who again refused to show his face at this conference where he was actually supposed to speak. And you'll hear the people in the crowd going, boo here, watch this.


Did you hear that Speaker Mike Johnson? This is what it looks like when I dig my heels in. Did you hear what was in that spending bill vaccine mandates, mass mandates, vaccine passports, expanded emergency powers and gain of function research. That is so 2020, I mean, as his employer. What do we think about that? No. So I just wanna let you know if you're listening, Supreme Leader Johnson, that I for 1:00 AM not doing that. You know, one of the interesting things is that maga, Mike Johnson tried to act all tough.


He tried to act like when the Republicans brought back up the continuing resolution that did not include anything to do with eliminating the debt ceiling or putting an extension on when the debt ceiling would have to be addressed, which was exactly what Donald Trump was saying that he wanted in the continuing resolution, or else he said, shut down the government. But Magda, Mike Johnson said, look, I was speaking with Donald Trump the entire time. Trump absolutely loves this new continuing resolution. He loves it. He says that this is a great thing. Look how weak MAGA Mike Johnson is as he basically brings right back to the floor.


The thing that he withdrew removes certain other things from this ridiculous stuff. But, but Trump's main thing that he wanted in this bill never made it into the bill Here. Watch this. So, so we, we, I was in constant contact with, with President Trump throughout this process. Spoke with him most recently, about 45 minutes ago. He, he knew exactly what we were doing and why. And, and this is a good outcome for the country. I I think he certainly is happy about this outcome as well. And again, MAGA mike looking so weird and and just so weak, there. Weak. I was meant to say weak, not weird but weird. Also works as well mean.


Meanwhile, all these MAGA Republicans on social media are just ruthlessly trolling maga. Mike Johnson, if you just look at the replies to any of his posts, they all look like this. MAGA Republicans posting AI memes like this one, I was bitch slapped yesterday on X. Mike Johnson has betrayed the American people. Gosh, I would be so embarrassed to show my face if I was you. Another MAGA republican influencer goes, speaker Johnson. My first reply was trying to be nice. I realized my mistake afterwards. We don't want you as the speaker. We want someone who will listen to the people. Also MAGA Republicans posting polls like this one has.


Mike failed us as the speaker. 85% of the Magnas who responds say Yes. Other responses to MAGA Mike Johnson's social media posts like you already failed. The Best for America is a new speaker. Just take a look at these photos one more time. MAGA mike with RFK Maga Mike with Kid Rock MAGA Mike giving the pointy finger to to Donald Trump. Next to Dana White as well at the UFC match, Fox is already basically writing the speakership obituary for MAGA Mike Johnson. Take a look at what Fox is posting names floated to replace Johnson as speaker Elon Musk. Vivek Ramas Swami.


Nothing says man of the people like unelected billionaire bureaucrats or Jim Jordan. Byron Donalds or Tom Emer right there. Let's take a look here, let's take a look at this one. This is Tommy Tuberville basically saying, the problem with MAGA Mike is he's been flying on these planes in first class with Donald Trump and with Elon Musk, and he hasn't been doing the work of Magna's play this clip. What They're mad about, and they should be, is we should have done this two months ago, even before President Trump was elected, this should have been done, but Mike Johnson's been riding around on airplanes, going places, doing speeches with the president, get back here and do your damn job and get the people here. I don't care if you stay seven days a week, we do things half ass up here, okay?


We do things in a slow motion. Don't worry about getting reelected. Don't worry about, you know, your speakership job. Do your job. Get in a situation where the people start believing and the people again up here, because right now, you know those people that actually blocked it last night, they're actually trying to do the right thing. Now they've put them in a situa bad situation 'cause they've waited to the end to do this. Yeah. So it makes them look like the bad guy, but they're really not. We gotta get people on the same page in the Republican Party. Do you think Speaker Johnson should keep his job? Well, that's gonna be up to them. I'm, it's, it's going to be very, very tough. I'm like Mike Lee.


Support for today's episode comes from iHerb. iHerb offers the best curated selection of wellness products at the best possible value across categories like supplements, sports, nutrition, groceries, and beauty. It's your one stop shop for all your health and wellness needs. iHerb really cares about what's inside every bottle, whether it's part of your morning routine, your workout cool down, or your self-care rituals. They test and verify everything to make sure what's inside matches the label. Their site is super easy to navigate too. You could search by category, brand, or even specific needs like circulatory or digestive support. You could also narrow your search by ratings price or diet preferences like vegan. They've thought of everything I've been using iHerb recently and it's become a huge part of my health routine. I love their range of products, especially in sports nutrition and supplements. My favorite so far has been their California Gold Nutrition Hydration up. It's the perfect thing for rehydrating after a workout so I can get the electrolytes my body needs. The quality is always top-notch, and I love how quick and easy it is to find exactly what I need. iHerb offers over 50,000 products across a variety of categories, including supplements, beauty, and groceries. You could trust that your products will arrive in perfect condition because iHerb ships from climate controlled fulfillment centers in the US plus they ship to over 180 countries. All products are sourced directly from the brands or authorized distributors, so you never have to worry about third party sellers. And in the US you get free shipping on orders over $30 plus if you have any questions. Their 24 7 customer support has you covered. Our listeners get 22% off their first order when you use code Midas at iHerb dot com slash shop slash midas. Existing customers receive 15% off. That's 22% off your first order at iHerb dot com slash shop slash midas use promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S choose iHerb because wellness matters.


Next up, you have victorious spars saying, and again, I it's, I'm not really even sure what she's saying. It's really hard to like actually understand what she's saying with such a thick accent, but she goes, MAGA Mike Johnson dragged Donald Trump into the circus. It's Maga Mike's fault play this clip. But unfortunately, you know, on top of it, speaker Johnson dragged President Trump into this circus. You know, he completely didn't mishandle it. He didn't work with Republicans. His staff has made deal with Chuck Schumer tried to jam us before Christmas with bunch of Christmas presents for Chuck Schumer, and then he's continued doing it again. So I think this is unfortunate where we are, but this is an example why we haven't been governing and the country is on a fiscal calamity course and we need to start doing something about it.


So you see how Donald Trump threw MAGA mike under the bus, like Mag and Mike already had a bipartisan deal, worked out, no drama. But then Elon Musk started posting, kill the bill, kill the bill, this bill is criminal. And Musk started posting things with himself like Samurai swords next to the bill and all this ridiculous performative stuff. And then Donald Trump said, under no circumstances do we allow this to be passed unless we attach a elimination of the debt ceiling to the continuing resolution. Well, that didn't happen either. Here is MAGA Republican senator Mike Lee saying, look, MAGA Mike's lost control. It's time we bring in Elon Musk and Vivek Ram Swami to be the speaker of the house.


Play this clip. Well, I, I don't think Johnson likes you Now, next time you guys see each other walking through the calls of Congress, I like him. He's gonna probably kick you in the leg. He is a good man. He's a friend. He's been a long friend for a long time. Great person. He's lost control of this process, okay? And he's, this is, I don't know how he can remain in power. All right, we need Elon or Vivek as speaker. He's a friend. And you just threw him overboard, man. Yes I did. Politics is tough, Senator Ling. Well it is, especially when you try to jam an entire country with the 1500 page bill that nobody's read and you try to trick them and bully them into do it. Yeah, some of us take that personally, Jesse. Yeah, no, I don't like it either. I think it's terrible and we gotta stop doing it and it's gotta stop now.


Alright, Marjorie Taylor Green echoing those sentiments at, well, she says that she supports Elon Musk to be the speaker of the house. I mean, folks, these are not serious people. They really are not serious people. Here we have a MAGA Republican, Dan Mauser, and here he's saying, look, here's the thing. What we need in the House of Representatives, even though we're a co-equal branch of government, is we should just be the board of directors that rubber stamps what the chief executive does. We need to make sure that we're like a board of directors who reports to the chief executive. Newsflash Mr. Mauser, maybe a little lesson on corporate governance. That's not the way it works.


The board is superior, senior to the chief executive, but who cares about facts here play this clip. The, the Francis Scott Key Bridge, all that other nonsense in, in a CR that was supposed to just have disaster funding and economic assistance for farmers. Alright, so they added the garbage, we removed the garbage Republicans need to get on board with, with President Trump. He is the commander in chief. He is the president, he is the decider in chief and he is the CEO. You know, our role is really to be more of a, of a supportive board of directors so we can implement what the American people voted for and our, our, my colleagues need to appreciate that. Or there's going to be trouble, then we won't be able to deliver and we'll lose over time.


The most importantly, the American people will. So, so there you have it folks. MAGA republicans, booing maga Mike Johnson. Even when he doesn't show up even in his absence, MAGA Mike Johnson gets booed. Tell me what you think in the comments below. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching and have a great one. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter. Oh, the weather outside is rightful plus it riding snow delightful. Buckle up and take it slow.


Let it snow. Let it snow. Let it snow. It doesn't show signs of stopping and I'll issue wipers or wiping turned down mode Brought to you by Youth of Virginia. Speak out and Halifax County High School.