
I'm joined by Congress member Eric Swalwell. So Congress member, not the result that people wanted. I'm telling our audience though, now is not the time to give up, not the time to give up hope. Now is the time to get to work. You put out a message today to that effect. What's your message to everybody out there? Yeah, let's get loud and let's get going. Because if a young woman in Florida where a six week ban is now the law of the land can get up today and find her way through, we can too. And if a soldier in a trench in Eastern Ukraine who just saw their best ally walk away from them can keep fighting, we can too.


And if a high school student who's gonna go to school today in a country that's gonna arm mass shooters to the teeth and they're still gonna get through it, we can too. It doesn't feel good to lose. It sucks. I hate it. I hate what this winner says about our country and the people who make it so great, but we have work to do. We, we've dealt with this guy before. He's a one term president coming in. He's in serious cognitive decline. We're not helpless. We are privileged to be among those who can do something. And by the way, there's no time to You know mourn or grieve for too long because the next play is gonna happen pretty soon when he starts to nominate all of the cabinet officials who will implement Trump's project 2025.


And so we gotta be loud. We have to get in front of all of the senators who are gonna be voting on this and, and make our cases to them as to why people like Rick Grinnell and Cash Patel and all these others in the Rogues Gallery cannot be in charge of our country. Why our kids need vaccines. And we're not going to let RFK Jr as the Health Secretary take them away. So there's a lot of plays coming down the field. And so we should You know, be upset, but let's put our helmets on, get back on the field and defend You know the yardage between us and Project 2025 becoming the Law of the Land. You talk about two individuals there, Rick Grinnell, cash Patel, who are now at Donald Trump's top list of leading the Ccia A you talk about, Yeah.


And, and by the way, if either of them are there, it's just the ca Right? Then you then you then you have You know his picks for You know Attorney General Judge Eileen Cannon, who dismissed his case when he stole Nuclear Secrets is at the top of that list. Other individuals who have You know said some really serious things. What, what, what can we do? First off, what's Congress gonna do as you're speaking to your colleagues? What is that resistance gonna look like? Well, here's the good news about Congress. Best scenario is Democrats win are in the majority. Hakeem Jefferies is a speaker that can still happen. Worst case scenario is that we're in the minority, but Republicans only have a two or three seat majority.


We just saw what that looked like with the shit show under Speaker Johnson. And Speaker Johnson was formally the speaker functionally, Hakeem Jefferies was the speaker because no vote of consequence passed without Democrats delivering the vote. So we know what that looks like. We can do that again. So we have to use the house as a way to fence in Donald Trump and his worst instincts. And a lot of people are talking about how the Supreme Court, we did a video on this this morning, You know, the Supreme Court overturned the Chevron decision, which used to provide not carte blanche authority for agency discretions, but gave agencies a lot of deference.


Donald Trump and all of his You know people got that overturned. Now, Donald Trump controls the agencies. And so there are people saying, and, and you're a lawyer, that the federal courts are now a route as well to kind of curb it, which is interesting that, and it just goes to show you the lack of strategy that, that they're having where they would've had all this deference to agency decisions. Now that deference is stripped away in federal judges in the first instance are now making decisions, which is what they wanted. 'cause they wanted to own the Libs and own Biden. But now that's back to kind of haunt them here, if you will, or protect the people's is probably a better way of putting it. No one has ever accused them of being strategic or smart.


And so yes, now they're going to have to live with the decision that their Supreme Court came up with, which means that everything effectively has to go through this pretty gridlocked Congress. And, and again, I want your viewers to know, because I understand like they may be upset, they may be feeling down, but the work that you did to elect Ruben Gallego and Alyssa Slotkin and Tammy Baldwin, that is the difference between running away with this stuff in the Senate and and having tight margins where Murkowski and Collins and Tillis and others are gonna feel a lot of pressure to work with us to inoculate against Trump's worst tendencies.


The work that we did to win four house seats in New York, hopefully a couple in California, that is going to be the difference between You know a, a robust Republican majority that can just rubber stamp Donald Donald Trump's agenda, or one that is going to really pa it down. So we, we did work that mitigated against what could have been just an absolute disaster. And so I I, I want your viewers to know that I'm grateful that they did that work because it's all going to pay off as these next couple plays come down the field. You know, finally on my TikTok feed, at least I'm seeing You know all these videos of this group pointing fingers at that group and these people pointing fingers at these people.


And, and You know I've been telling the audience, I I, I'm not sure that's the most productive way of dealing with this. And there are certain lessons to be learned, of course, but I think the recriminations and especially dividing each other is exactly what You know. Ultimately the people who helped Donald Trump get into power. The Elon Musk want the people to be pointing fingers, I'm not helping you, so, so I'm not helping you. So what, what are the lessons though that You know it's recent? I'm sure you have some lessons that you've taken out of this election. And what are, what can we do though to build back You know this robust coalition that brought You know a, a, a big Biden victory in 2020?


Well, first, let's show gratitude. Black women and black men showed up. I mean, they showed up at the same levels as they showed up for Biden or Greater, and, and they You know were really, and, and leading up to this election, You know the press, You know extended this narrative that they were not going to show up. And, and there was really no reason to extend that, and they still did. So I think we should thank black men and black women for really showing up this election. We have work to do clearly with different segments and people in our country, and we'll do that work and we'll take the time to understand You know what it is. I will just say from where I sit and I'm just a blue collar kid, You know who's the son of a cop and was the first in his family to go to college.


I think we have to be more real and plainspoken and authentic as we deliver our message. And, and we shouldn't lead with policy. We should lead with our personality. And if our personality reflects our values and our principles and what we'll do if trusted the lead, I think that connects more rather than the Harvard Law School moot court approach that I see too often. But there's work for us to do and, and we're gonna do it. But as I said, we don't have the luxury of admiring the problem because the next play is gonna happen pretty soon. And we all need to be in the game to make sure that You know they don't score with Trump's project 2025. Well, Congress member Swalwell our forum here is open to you, anyone else in the Pro-democracy community to make sure we get out to all, all of those messages.


And when we have you back, we'd love to hear too about You know what is it that people can do You know. Should we be writing letters, calling Congress members protesting, being in DC You know what, what, what is it we should be doing? And Then just item, item one on the to-do list is start to look at the committees in the Senate who will confirm these nominees. And again, if you don't want RFK to take away You, know your kids' You know Polio vaccine or the measles vaccine. Get to know the health committee that's going to be confirming them. And then look at the senators who are, are gonna be up for reelection and, and ask them, are you gonna be looking out for my kids? Or are you gonna be looking out You know for your You know your leader, Donald Trump.


What, who you, who will you choose? So we've got, as I said, that's coming soon. Congressman Swalwell, thanks for joining us. Thanks Guys. Right, Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Real quick, metas changed their algorithm to suppress political content. Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.