
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spend $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's number one sports book two one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem dry.com today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a price they have. My favorite brand. It's like a whole new BU Dodge. Ah, I Think buy two. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington, I told you so.


Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads


Republican members of Congress and in the Senate are giving Americans the middle finger as the markets look like this down about 4%. The Dow, the s and p was down about 5%. Nasdaq down about 5% on Friday. This was on top of similar losses on Thursday. So I wanna show you, what are these MAGA Republican members of Congress, state representatives, senators, like what, what is their message to the people right now? Well, let's go to Arizona. See what this state legislator has to say. Maga, of course. Here, Play this clip. President Trump, this is your favorite state senator from Arizona, Wendy Rogers.


I just want you to know that I am wearing the Trump watch and I sport these gold Trump shoes every chance I get on the floor of the Arizona legislature. And I'm proud to be working for you here in Arizona. Yeah, that's, that's real. I mean, she's really a state legislature, a senator, state senator from Arizona. I will go to DC How about maga Republican Senator Jim Banks, who says, we all knew this was gonna be disruptive. That's what we wanted the goal of. This is what we promised you. Disruption, pain, suffering. So this is a win.


This is actually what MAGA Republican Senator Jim Banks is saying. The these other countries are already coming to the table. And this is what's brilliant about what President Trump is up to. He's put other countries on notice. You're not gonna take advantage of us anymore. They're already reacting Canada and Mexico is begging President Trump to come to the table and negotiate their tariffs down and, and do away with our tariffs too. We know this is going to be disruptive, but there's a silver lining and good news in the midst of all of it. And as you said, it's happening right in my hometown at a General Motors plant that's gonna pay more in overtime and create hundreds of new temporary, hopefully permanent jobs and make more cars in America.


Because Gen General Motors, a great American company, actually makes less cars that they sell in the US than Toyota, Honda or Subaru dos. We're seeing massive GDP contraction, massive layoffs in factories. Worse, the opposite of what he said up is down, down is up. When it comes to these MAGA Republicans, I at least give, I can't believe I'm even saying this, Ron Johnson from Wisconsin, a fraction of a fraction of a fraction of credit, at least he says, I'm concerned about what's happening right now. At least there's a modicum of saying something semi accurate on Fox. Listen to this Surplus. But we're $2 trillion away from balancing the budget.


So for, from my standpoint, I'm, I'm certainly concerned about what's happening right now in the markets and I hope the administration's looking at that as well. The Democrats. Let's talk about what the people are saying right here. This from cap action speaking to small business and families across the country. Let's play it. So Trump just destroyed my business. Trump announced his massive tax plan on items coming from other countries. He says that the countries are gonna pay that. That's false. It's the person bringing it in. And I own a small business. I wonder what our grocery bill is gonna be like. I wonder if we can afford to upgrade our car when it breaks down.


All those things are on my mind. I Think it's really gonna hurt our pocketbook. Tariffs are freaking killing me, man. We're a startup. We are American entrepreneurs. We got our life savings in this. We got a loan. We are trying to make it happen, but we don't have the option to get this product made anywhere else. Not really. We've looked into it. Right now. We're under serious strain from tariffs, especially on aluminum. Most of our beer is put in cans and our aluminum prices have increased 17% this calendar year and are expected to grow even higher. Now let's bring in executive director of Swing left. Yasmin Rogers been the executive director since 2022.


Yasmin, you run an organization. People powered a million people across the country, chapters across the United States. I've been fortunate enough to be invited to speak at a lot of them here in California. What, what are you hearing from your membership and your different chapters right now? Thank you so much for having me on Ben and being such a long time friend of Swing lefts, million members around the country. You know, I Think this has been a week of a lot of emotional ups and downs as you can imagine. Yesterday's economic hit, as you know, you covered really thoughtfully just now is really scary for folks, right?


And our volunteers and our grassroots donors are people who have small businesses and have families and have car payments and have mortgages. And so the weight of this week is significant as you know, really every week in this administration has been sort of overwhelming. And at the same time, this has been a week of a lot of real hope and a feeling like we have entered a new and more hopeful political paradigm. And that's because, you know, as you know, the Wisconsin Supreme Court election was this Tuesday night, or was this Tuesday. And the results were called pretty early in the evening, which was exciting because what they showed was a full throated victory for the liberal justice on that court.


And that's really, really important because not only does that mean Wisconsin now has a, a liberal majority or keeps a liberal majority on its court. It also means that we're setting the stage for the ability to draw fair lines for critical house districts and to have free and fair elections in Wisconsin. And of course so many other issues. And then we also saw other amazingly hopeful results in some of the deepest red turf in Florida. What two districts, house districts that we knew were unwinnable. We saw incredible double digit democratic over performance. And you know, as you well know, Republicans are running really scared of everything that you showed in those clips earlier shows what we are all feeling, which is that Donald Trump made, you know, a series of pretty effective lies over the course of the 2024 election, telling people that if they voted for him, he'd bring prices down.


And what we saw yesterday, and it's sort of, it's surreal that he called it a Day of Liberation. It was really a day of real hamstringing of our economy and of people's lives. Folks are not just thinking, oh shoot, maybe we made the wrong decision. Folks are organizing in astronomical numbers around the country. And Wisconsin and Florida we're just the beginning signs of the electoral consequences of, of what Trump is doing. But we're also seeing, you know, republicans, independents, voters, democratic voters who stayed home this cycle showing up at town halls and organizing. And at Swing left, you know, we've got, as you mentioned, a million members and about 400 groups all around the country led by volunteers.


And we are seeing levels of enthusiasm, not just in Wisconsin this week, but all across the country for folks to start really getting involved in, in the fight ahead. And we just launched this week our campaign called Three to Win, which is anchored on the number three, which is the three districts that we need to win to flip the house. And I'm talking about that here in response to your question around energy, because I Think folks are both really pissed off and really worried about things like what Trump is doing to wreak havoc on our economy.


And they wanna do something, but they're not really sure what they can do that doesn't just, you know, feel like they're blowing off steam, but feels like it is meaningful. And it can put an actual check on Donald Trump, Elon Musk, and on the MAGA agenda. And winning the house is that fight. And we, as we saw in Wisconsin, as we saw in Florida, there's enthusiasm, there's energy, we've gotta point it in the right direction. We're only three seats away from winning the house. And if folks organize starting now, including in your backyard, in California, in my backyard here in the, in the DC area, and in all sorts of even really blue parts of the country, most of us live within 90 minutes of a competitive swing district.


We only need to win three of them to win back a house majority. And that's only 7,309 votes. That's, you know, smaller than a Texas football game, smaller than a concert in la. And we can do that. And that really is gonna put a meaningful check on an agenda that is deeply, deeply, deeply unpopular. As your clips earlier showed, You know, I Think these protests that we're seeing, like the hands-off protests this weekend are growing in strength. We're seeing the coordination of labor unions, people powered movements all together. These protests are growing in strength, they're growing in size. I've predicted we're gonna have, what's gonna be known as a summer of democracy or democracy summer.


So on the one hand you have these protests. Now one of the things that I love about Swing Left is you say, in our backyards we have these events. They, they're literally, sometimes these events are held in people's backyards. That's right. And so the different chapters hold events in their backyards where they draft postcards and they do canvassing together and just exchange ideas. And you know, someone will be the designated person in a specific town to host it at their house this time. And then it's their house this time. And they bring in good food. And it's a fun way to have civic engagement with people and to take the concepts that we talk about here in the digital world, bring it into the real world and, and be warm and welcoming and empathetic.


And so that was my experience going to these events. So let people know where they wanna join a Swing left chapter or start a swing left chapter or be a part of one. What does that look like? What, what do they do if they see those clips at the beginning of the maga people selling Trump sneakers or whatever. And the MAGA Republican said, they're like, you know what I, I'm, I'm going somewhere today. Where do they go? What do they do? That's, you framed it. Exactly right. First of all, folks can go to swing left.org/house and they can get involved today in the fight to win back the house. They can join, as you said, a local group because you know, it's, we're 18 months away from this election.


So what we're not looking for is to just have folks do one click and then, you know, move on with their lives. Of course, if folks wanna do one click, they'll be able to donate to the highest impact races. They'll be able to, you know, get involved in that one click. But a lot of folks, as you said, you know, digital fatigue is really real. And I Think one of the reasons why your show is growing in its popularity is that we all gather online, right? We read, we engage with content online, we text our friends and DM our friends online, but we all also have an appetite for real human conversation and engagement. And so all of that online engagement, whether that's listening to shows like yours, whether that's going to swing left.org, it ultimately needs to have people have more to talk about when they're gathered together at dinner, find ways to connect and if we're in an 18 month fight to win back the house, and then we're gonna have two years before the next presidential election, and then after that, we're gonna have a lot of work to do to rebuild our economy and our country, given all the damage that Donald Trump and Elon Musk have already done.


We've gotta do that in a way where we are well trained for the marathon ahead. And our vantage point is we need to be really strong online and meet each other there. And in order to really build those muscles for the marathon ahead, we have to engage offline. And so when folks go to Swing left.org/house, they can sign up to join a swing left gathering in the community that they are closest to wherever they are in the country. And whether or not there's a gathering already scheduled in your home Turf folks can host a gathering of their own. And that might be opening your doors, whether at your home or at a coffee shop or a park, or whatever the case may be to others that you might not know yet.


Or whether it's getting your existing community a book club, your group of friends that you wish you saw a little bit more. This is not just, it's actually like very strategically important for us to spend some time slowing down offline as we engage also in this very fast moving digital media landscape. Both so that we've got the, the strong muscle for the marathon ahead, but also because something I've observed a lot as we're getting feedback from volunteers and donors in this really, really challenging moment for our country is that folks are also feeling things outside of our politics that are impacting them. And that's a, a real sense of loneliness, of isolation, a fracture.


You know, these are things that Surgeon General, Vik Murthy, you know, Biden's Surgeon General in the last administration called the top public health crisis in this country. And so at Swing Left, we are all about what are the highest impact actions that folks can take to make a material difference in shifting the balance of power for Democrats. So we've got a fighting chance on fighting for an economy that works for all, for a democracy that thrives for a country that we can be proud of that lives up to our values. But in that process, we've gotta do it in a way that grows our connection. And, and if folks get involved again@swingleft.org, my hope is that they're not just having a big impact, they're also driving meaning from that impact and sink their teeth into a political strategy that even if they are brand new to politics and they've never done anything besides listening to news and listening to great shows like yours, they've never turned that into action yet that they can get involved.


And the vast majority of folks are much stronger political leaders than they know. And our job is to hold a mirror to them and also offer them the on-ramps to really high impact opportunities that again, will shift the balance of power, which we can do. We're only three seats away from doing that in that one of, one of the most critical lever levers of government, which is the House of Representatives. Yeah, I always get asked from our viewers, well, what can I do now? What can I do? I Think this is a step that you can take. Go to the website, take a look at what chapters are nearby, think about starting your own chapter, and then, you know, share the photos and videos online.


Tag us. I'm sure there's a place where people can post the photos and share the ideas. They'll get to me, you know, and Midas will do our best to also kind of share what's going on out there, you know, in the field. Now's the time to start. And so I thought it's important to highlight all of that. And Yasmin Raji, executive director of Swing Lift, thanks for joining us. Thank you so much. It's great seeing you, Ben. You too. And everybody hit subscribe and let's get to 5 million subscribers. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.


We interrupt this program to bring you an important Wayfair message. Wayfair's got style tips for every home. This is Nicole Buyer helping you make those rooms flyer today's style tip when it comes to making a statement. Treat bold patterns like neutrals. Go wild. Like an untamed Animal Print area rug under a rustic farmhouse table from wayfair.com. Ooh, fierce. This has been your Wayfair style tip to keep those interiors superior. Wayfair, Every style, every home.