
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% Off terms apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck G. PT, What do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days at receipt. Restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Imagine you're a business owner relying on a dozen different software programs. Each one disconnected, more expensive and more complicated than last. It can be incredibly stressful right now, picture odu ODU brings all the tools your business needs into one simple platform, CRM, accounting, inventory, manufacturing, marketing, HR, and more. All seamlessly connected. Everything works together, giving you the peace of mind that your business is running smoothly from every angle. Odus open source applications are user friendly and designed to scale with your business. Save you time and money. Say goodbye to juggling multiple platforms and hello to efficient integrated Management. Stop wasting resources on complicated systems and make the switch to DU today. Visit du.com OD o.com and discover how ODU can simplify and streamline your business operations. ODU Modern Management made simple.


Want to sharpen your aim, save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantisx X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, and you could be next With Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself in ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


GR power equipment has given homeowners the power to do more with powerful field and brush mowers, capable of clearing acres of grass and brush trimmers that deliver up to five times more power than any ordinary handheld model. And chippers that turn nuisance brush piles into beneficial mulch. Start doing more this season with equipment from Dr. Power. Visit dr power.com today and shop the sale.


The White House just held a disastrous press conference. Chief Propagandist or press secretary, Caroline Levitt was asked about all of the fraudulent citations on a recent MAHA Make American Healthy Again report by RFK Jr, which makes it appear that the report was pretty much created using AI with fake citations and fake articles and fake authors. Here's what Caroline Levitt had to say, play the clip. I just wanted to follow up on your statement last week regarding the MAHA Report. Sure. You said that there was, you said, I understand there were some formatting issues with the MAHA report that are being addressed and that report will be updated.


We also understand that since that there have been some citations that came about, there's citations of studies that either did not exist or did not back up the report's conclusions. So when you were referring to formatting errors, is that what you were talking about or was it So could you just explain that? Yeah, that's what I was talking about. There were formatting errors and those errors were updated by the proper policy components here at the White House and a new report was issued, so exactly what I said took place. Sure. Next Caroline Levitt is asked about when are these deals happening? And now we hear that instead of doing deals, Donald Trump's just gonna write a letter to countries saying, here's your tariff number, play the clip.


Worders was reporting that there is a letter that is meant to be sent to other countries, which would give these countries a deadline of Wednesday to produce their best offer on the trade matter. What is the administration feel? The need to send this letter. And I have one more follow up on Trading. Sure. I can confirm the merits in the content of the letter. USTR sent this letter to all of our trading partners just to give them a friendly reminder that the deadline is coming up and they are in talks. Ambassador Greer, secretary Bess and Secretary Lutnick are in talks with many of our key trading partners around the globe. As you know Brian, I know the Wall Street Journal has covered this quite heavily and they continue to be engaged in those discussions.


And this letter was simply to remind these countries that the deadline is approaching and the president expects good deals and we are on track for that. I will emphasize On the trade side though, Next up Peter Ducey from Fox asked Caroline Levitt, how mad do you think Trump's gonna be when he finds out that Elon Musk has come out against the budget bill, play this clip, This cross. Caroline, how mad do you think President Trump is gonna be when he finds out that Elon Musk said, I'm sorry, but I just can't stand it anymore. This massive, outrageous, port filled congressional spending bill is a disgusting abomination. Shame on those who voted for it. You know you did wrong. You know it.


Look, the president already knows where Elon Musk stood on this bill. It doesn't change the President's opinion. This is one big beautiful bill and he's sticking to it. Thank You. And by the way, Elon Musk says, I'm sorry, I just can't stand it anymore. This massive, outrageous pork filled congressional spending bill is a disgusting abomination. I'm gonna make a whole other video on just Elon Musk tanking the budget bill. Next up a reporter asks Caroline Levitt. So what are you gonna do with the fact that 40% of crop farm workers are undocumented? Are you going to deport them and just kill the entire agriculture industry?


To which Caroline Levitt says yes, play the clip on. Thanks a lot, Caroline. I want to bring it back to the way you began your briefing, talking about the president's mass deportation program. Sure. And his priorities, 40% of crop farm workers in the US are undocumented, and that's according to the agriculture department. Do they have a carve out in terms of the president's mass deportation program? The president and the Trump administration have been very clear. If you are in the country illegally, you are subject to deportation. Is There any concern that given that large number, if that number's correct, 40% of crop farm workers being undocumented, that that could impact the food supply here in America if those individuals that obviously help pick crops all across the country are deported and mass.


Again, this administration is focused, focused on deporting individuals who are in our country illegally. It's something we have to do. We cannot allow the previous administration's invasion of our country of illegal immigrants to continue. We just can't have it. And this is a law and order president, as per our farmers and their concerns. They have a president who has their backs and listens to their concerns and hears them, but we also have a legal pathway to come to this country and work in specifically for agricultural work. So there's a legal way to do it and we encourage that pa, that legal pathway, and we're currently working on strengthening our legal immigration system for that reason. Next up you have a reporter asking Caroline Levitt that business leaders are begging for certainty in the markets to which Caroline Levitt responds.


Actually, business leaders are begging to meet Donald Trump. They're begging to meet him. Okay. Really weird play the clip. Thanks Caroline. You're welcome. You've got us business leaders begging for certainty. So why did the president suddenly decide to Hike tariffs on steel and aluminum again? You also have US business linkers begging to meet with this president and begging to come to the White House to talk to him because they know that he is a negotiator in chief, that he's making good deals on behalf of the American worker and the steel worker in particular when it comes to the steel and aluminum tariffs, which he discussed in his speech at length at Pennsylvania and the need for them.


And I would.


This episode of the Midas Touch Podcast is brought to you by Graza. It's that time of the year, whether you're grilling on the deck or chilling at the beach. Graza is your one and only summertime, never blended single origin olive oil. I love the trio. There's frizzle with a 490 degree smoke point ideal for grilling, frying or crisping. Sizzle is your everyday go-to for roasting, marinating and sauteing and drizzle. Bold, punchy, grassy, and bright. It elevates everything from potato salad to bread, even ice cream. I've made some of the best salad dressings with that drizzle by the way. And here's what sets it apart. Graza is extra virgin, super fresh, single varietal and always clean and pure. No blends, just vibrant, aromatic, traceable goodness from one olive varietal from one region. Personally, I love the no mess, squeeze and spray bottles. It makes cooking cleaner and quicker and with a zero mess. And I'll be honest, I was so psyched when Graza came on board as a sponsor because as someone who loves to cook, I had already been the biggest fan of their olive oils. Here's the best part. You get 10% off your first order on Graza site, but I highly recommend grabbing the trio sizzle, frizzle, and drizzle. So you're covered for every kind of cooking. So head to Graza Co and use Midas to get 10% off the trio, which includes sizzle, frizzle, and drizzle, and get to cook in your next chef quality meal. That's Graza co code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S.


Caroline Levitt is next. Asked about the South Korean election where the center left candidate Lee Jay Young just won South Korea's presidential election defeating the conservative candidate. She knows nothing about what even happened. She's like, let me go and read it. Oops, I don't have my notes play this clip. Just Does the White House have a reaction to the results of the election? Yes we do. In fact, let me find it here for You. It should be somewhere in here. Thank you. We do not, but I will get you one. Jeff, go ahead.


Thanks, Kelly. Two questions on trade. So today Laura Loomer the right wing conspiracy theorist, like nine 11 conspiracy theorist like total wacko. Laura Loomer was meeting with JD Vance today, the vice president and Caroline Levitt was asked about that play, this clip. Then On domestic there is a report that Laura Loomer met with the vice president today. Can you speak to her relationship with the administration and if you know if, if she's informally advising in any way, She is not, I do know she met with the vice president. As for what was discussed in that meeting, I would defer you to his team. Thanks Caroline. Next up a reporter asked Caroline Levitt, when are we gonna see the text to this supposed deal with the United Kingdom?


People in the the UK parliament are saying, okay, well where, where is this? Where is this deal? That was supposedly made? You said there was this deal, but we don't see a deal anywhere. There was a memorandum of understanding which said this is not an actual deal, but here play this clip. Thank you Caroline. You're welcome. It's, it's been just about a month since president and Prime Minister Starr announced. Can't see you all the way back there in the way. There you go. So it's been just about a month since Prime Minister Starr and President Trump announced that the US and UK had reached a trade deal. I used to frame it from a deal.


Now there are at least some conservative mps in London who are complaining that Parliament has not yet seen the texted any deal. So I'd like to ask you from this side of the pond, is there a text for the deal ready to be released? Submitted? And if not, when can we expect it? And then I have one more. There's most definitely text with this deal. There is language that this side has seen. You'll have to ask the UK Parliament why they haven't seen it from their own government. I obviously can't answer that question. And on Caroline, one more on Ukraine. Please go ahead, Jonathan. Next up Kaitlyn Collins from CNN asks Caroline Levitt what her thoughts are about other Magar Republicans like Ron Johnson and Rand Paul saying that this budget bill will substantially increase the deficit.


Play this clip. Caitlin, two questions for you as well. On the big beautiful bill. You said recently that it is quote blatantly wrong to say that it adds to the deficit. You essentially said that an estimate from the Congressional budget office and other scorekeepers you believe are wrong. But Republicans like Ron Johnson and Rand Paul disagree. They are saying that it will add to the deficit that is their concern. Is the White House's position that those two Republican senators are quote blatantly wrong? It is those senators. It's not news that they disagree with this president on policy and the president has vocally called them out for it and for their not having their facts together. Then Caroline Levit attacks the congressional budget office, the CBOA nonpartisan group, which is inside Congress, and she goes, oh, you know they've never donated to Republicans since 2000.


They're a leftist organization. No, no, no, they're not. The head of the CBO was appointed by the Republicans in the Senate. But go ahead, play the clip. Also point out, I don't think many people know this, there hasn't been a single staffer in the entire congressional budget office that has contributed to a Republican since the year 2000. But guess what? There have been many staffers within the congressional budget office who have contributed to Democrat candidates and politicians every single cycle since. So unfortunately, this is an institution in our country that has become partisan and political and we are very confident in our own economic analysis of this bill. There is $1.6 trillion in savings and our office of management and budget director Russ Fa, is a fiscal hawk.


He's well known in this city for being a well-respected fiscal hawk. He has tools at his disposal to produce even more savings. And as you know, the White House will be sending our Rescissions package to Capitol Hill today. And On next up, Caroline Levitt is asked about, was there anything in particular that caused Donald Trump to withdraw the nomination of Jared Isaac man to lead nasa? Remember Isaac man was Elon Musk's guy, handpicked guy to run nasa. And you see kind of this war going on between Trump and Musk. As soon as Musk left the White House, Trump gets rid of Isaac man as kind of an FU to Elon.


Elon then does an FU to Trump and attacks the budget. Bill, watch this playlist, this clip. Thanks. You're welcome, Brett. Thanks Caroline. I wanted to ask, A couple days ago the president announced that he was withdrawing the nomination of of Jared Isman to lead NASA citing a thorough review of prior associations. I wondered why did this review happen just now after the nominee was so far into the process, and can you explain the president's thinking on who he might choose? Look, the president reserves the right to nominate individuals to key administration posts. He also reserves the right to remove those individuals if he chooses, just like he reserves the right to fire anybody in the executive branch that he wants. And so a new replacement for NASA will be announced very soon as the president himself said.


Was there something in particular that came up that can cause the president concern with this nomination? The president wants to ensure that all of his nominees are aligned fully with the America first mission of this administration. And again, he will be announcing a replacement very soon. Caroline Levitt is next asked by a reporter that the new head of FEMA said that he doesn't know what hurricane season is, to which Caroline Levitt says that was a joke. He was just being funny. Of course he knows what hurricane season is. That's just how we do jokes in the Trump White House here play this clip. Kelly, good afternoon. We're now in, we're in hurricane season and obviously there is great concern every year about the potential for that.


Can you speak to how the president is planning to have the level of support should it be needed to be as it has been with a reduction in the workforce? And is he still comfortable with Administrator Richardson who had talked, whether joking or not, about not being aware of a hurricane season for this country? What is the president's level of briefings on what may be required? If you could give us kind of an overall update on that. Sure. Well of course we know that we are into hurricane season now, and I know FEMA is taking this seriously. Seriously contrary to some of the reporting we have seen based on jokes that were made and leaks from meetings, but Secretary Christine, om and the FEMA leadership are all over this.


They are committed to ensuring that federal resources and tax dollars are there for Americans in need. And the president continues to review requests for emergency aid and carefully considering them. However, this president has made it clear we're not going to enable states to make bad decisions with federal tax dollars and then have the federal government later have to bail these states out. We wanna see states be responsible with their tax dollars to do as much as they possibly can. And then the president will deeply and thoughtfully consider any requests for federal aid that come to his desk. And I think some of the media reporting we've seen on this is frankly, sloppy and irresponsible. There are serious people who are taking this issue seriously, starting with the president himself, who, as you know on his first domestic trip back in office, visited both North Carolina and California, both of which were of course hit by natural disasters when he wasn't even president.


But he took ownership of that and visited those places and those people immediately. Is Brian about hurricane Season appropriate though now that we're we're This is serious business, as you talked about It, it's serious business, Kelly, and I'm not gonna engage in such fodder with a question like that, Brian. Thanks Caroline. So then naturally the reporter said, so you think jokes about hurricane season from the head of FEMA's supposed to be funny play the clip and about Hurricane season appropriate though now that we're we're, this is serious business, as you Talked about it, it's serious business. Kelly, and I'm not gonna engage in such fodder with a question like that. Brian, Then Caroline Levitt is asked if Donald Trump approves of Ukraine, striking Russia and that incredible drone strike that got rid of about 31% of Russia's strategic Air Force fleet here play this clip.


Go ahead. Thank you. Same topic. Just to put a finer point on it. Does President Trump approve of Ukraine's decision to strike nuclear capable bombers in Russia? I would like to let the president speak on that himself. And Just to follow up, has the president, I Would just add to that the president does not want to see this war prolonged. He wants the fighting to stop. He wants people to stop dying and he wants this to be solved at the negotiating table. The reason he is so deeply involved in has spent so much time and effort on this war is because he hates to see people dying. There You have it. One of the most disastrous press conferences I've seen, unprepared, dangerous propaganda.


That's what comes to mind when I watch that. Tell me what you think hits subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free Now@midasplus.com.


Life can be chaotic if you're running a retail business. Don't let disorganized order fulfillment add to the chaos. Use ShipStation instead. With ShipStation, you never have to worry about shipping and fulfillment again. Whether you're running a business out of your garage or you have multiple warehouses, ShipStation is ideal for every phase of your business's growth. Save time with one login for all your stores and by automating repetitive tasks. Plus, you'll save money with the best shipping rates from global carriers. Ship station's, industry leading features help you deliver a better customer experience. They'll get accurate and faster shipments along with automated tracking updates with your branding and with up to 88% off UPS and USPS rates and up to 90% off FedEx rates. ShipStation is the fastest and most affordable way to ship. Calm the chaos. Switch to ShipStation today. Start a free trial at shipstation.com/audio. That's shipstation.com/audio.