
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spend $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast Terms apply.


We started the morning saying Be cool and Be Cool. Just a few hours later there was a pause put in on the tariffs. Can you walk us through what your thinking about why you decided to put a 90 day pause? Well, I thought that people were jumping a little bit out of line. They were getting yippy, you know, they were getting a little bit yippy, a little bit Afraid. We've got some major breaking news. The headline. A panicked and terrified Donald Trump has folded on his tariff plans in a major policy reversal. Trump announced a 90 day pause on his massive tariffs after he sparked an economic crash globally. My name is Brett Marcellus with the Midas Touch Network.


Remember to hit subscribe now and add the Midas Touch podcast. On Apple Podcast and Spotify stocks were collapsing. The bond market imploding. The 10 year treasury yield was skyrocketing, indicating that mortgage rates and other loans were about to skyrocket. So naturally, Donald Trump did what he does best. He caved effective immediately. All of the tariffs will be capped at 10% for the duration of a 90 day period with those additional higher tariffs being paused. The only exception is China, which will now face a dramatically increased tariff rate of 125%. So I wanna be extra clear here just for a second. Trump has still put a 10% tax on virtually everything Americans will buy. Cost for businesses will still be higher.


Prices for Americans will still be higher. Trump announced the pause on his truth social website writing the following quote, based on the lack of respect that China has shown to the world's markets, I am hereby raising the tariff charge to China by the United States of America to 125% effective Immediately. At some point, hopefully in the near future, China will realize that the days of ripping off the USA and other countries is no longer sustainable or acceptable. It's always projection with the sky, right? Let me continue. Conversely, and based on the fact that more than 75 countries have called representatives of the United States, including the Departments of Commerce, treasury, and the USTR, to negotiate a solution to the subjects being discussed relative to trade, trade barriers, tariffs, currency manipulation, and non-monetary tariffs.


And that the countries have not at my strong suggestion, retaliated in any way, shape or form against the United States. I have authorized a 90 day pause and a substantially lower reciprocal tariff during this period of 10%. Also effective immediately. Thank you for your attention to this matter. So yes, we are seeing this popular meme play out again in real time. Trump makes a stupid decision. Something really bad happens. He convinces his followers, the problem is now magically solved and he then reverses his stupid decision and the cycle repeats and repeats and repeats. It should be noted that Trump this morning encouraged his followers to buy stock writing just hours before he made the announcement.


Quote, this is a great time to buy DJT. Naturally. Once Trump made the announcement, the markets had a massive jump market manipulation. Anyone, the Trump propagandists kicked right into gear calling this panicked reversal, the art of the deal, and pretending that Trump was not reacting to crashing the global economy and US bond markets. Trump's chief propagandist, Caroline Levitt, was one of those people calling this the art of the deal. Listen to this, it Happens, excuse me if I, excuse me, recall if I could just add to what the Secretary said. Many of you in the media clearly missed the art of the deal. You clearly failed to see what President Trump is doing here. You, you tried to say that the rest of the world would be moved closer to China when in fact we've seen the opposite effect.


The entire world is calling the United States of America, not China, because they need our markets, they need our consumers and they need this president in the Oval office to talk to them. And that's exactly why more than 75 countries have called because the United States of America is the best place in the world to do business. And as the president has shown great courage, as the secretary have said, in choosing to retaliate against China even higher, Elena, go Ahead. It's so embarrassing. She literally did this meme. Trump goes, I'm adding the tariffs. His followers go, this will create jobs. Trump says he's removing tariffs. His followers go, this is the art of the deal. And this cycle repeats. And if you're not feeling the secondhand embarrassment enough just yet.


Well, let me show you this clip of Benny Johnson. This was put together at Project Liberal and in the first clip you'll see Benny Johnson, a MAGA talking head, who is literally being paid by Russia to spread pro-Trump propaganda talking about the economic crash occurring under Donald Trump. He was telling his listeners that these are just numbers. Everyone loses money, it builds character. But in 2024, when Joe Biden was president and the stock market was down for a single day, he called it the Kamala Crash. And he treated it like the apocalypse. Watch this. Losing money costs you nothing. This is just the reality of life. You're like, were you young, young and dumb? How much money did you lose? Everyone loses money. Everyone loses money. It costs you nothing.


In fact, it builds quite a bit of character. In fact, you learn a lot of lessons actually by losing money. It's bloody, Bloody, bloody, bloody black Monday. Holy Moly, the Kamala Crash is here. Kamala needs to get in front of a camera today. People are losing their homes today. People are losing their fortunes today. People are losing their futures today. People are losing their 4 0 1 ks today. This is shaping up to be one of the worst market days in American history. You've got a lot more to report. I'll be right back after this.


Let's be real. Coffee isn't just the drink, it's a ritual, A lifeline, the bridge between half asleep and ready to conquer the day. And if it's that essential, why settle for anything less than extraordinary? That's where a trade comes in. Listen, you know, I take my coffee seriously and every single bag of coffee I've received from trade has been next level. Trade is not just a subscription. It's like having a personal barista who actually knows what you like. You just take their quiz in an under a minute, they'll match you with your perfect coffee. And if your first bag isn't a hit, they'll replace it for free until they get it right. I love that. Trade is the number one US coffee destination working with over 50 of the best roasters around the country. You're getting top quality coffee roasted to order while supporting local businesses. That's a win-win. Just this week I got a bag of Ethiopian coffee from a roaster called Necessary Coffee that's based in Pennsylvania. And it was just incredible. And I love that I never have to worry about taking an emergency run to the grocery store for a mediocre, overpriced bag because trade delivers top-notch coffee straight to my door right now. Trade is exclusively offering our listeners 50% off your one month trial@drinktrade.com slash midas. That's drink trade TRAD e.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S for 50% off your one month trial. Trust me, you will never go back to grocery store coffee.


If you remember just yesterday, Donald Trump was calling any Republican who suggested even pausing the tariffs weak and panics. So I guess this makes Donald Trump weak and a panicking. And by the way, if tariffs were supposed to make us so rich and strong and be the quote medicine that we all needed, then why would he pause them? Can a single Trump supporter answer that for me? Huh? Crickets thought. So let's pull up some receipts here. Was Trump on April 7th saying that he was not looking into a pause? Mr. President European Union To the markets today, and would you be open to a pause in tariffs to allow for negotiations?


Well, we're not looking into That. Here was Caroline Levin on April 8th saying that no delay was being considered. Elena. Hi Caroline. It's clear the president has found the world's attention with these tariffs. Is there, is he considering at all potentially holding off on imposing some of 'em before the deadline or maybe later, you know, reversing them because he's having these negotiations and having these good talks with other leaders? The president was asked and answered this yesterday. He said he's not considering an extension or delay. I spoke to him before this briefing. That was not his mindset. He expects that these tariffs are going to go into effect. And you said something very important, Elena, in your question. You said the President has captivated the attention of the world.


Absolutely he has. And it's about time we have a president in the Oval Office who is putting the world on notice and is putting the American people first in again is using the leverage of the United States to negotiate good trade. I I Just a quick and just two days ago, Caroline Levitt told the press that the idea that Trump was even considering a pause was quote, fake news. Watch this, Spoke to Caroline Levitt, the White House press secretary on the phone just a short time ago. And she tells me it is quote unquote fake news that the White House is considering a 90 day pause. So the White House pouring cold water on this idea, wherever it came from, Trump's treasury secretary Scott Besson, who said he hasn't been included in like any of these tariff decisions, is now saying that this was all part of the plan And that Trump actually goated China into a bad position.


Watch this. All This was, again, this was driven by the president's strategy. He and I had a long talk on Sunday and this was his strategy all along. And that, you know, you might even say that he goaded China into a bad position. They, they responded. They have shown themselves to the world to be the bad actors. And we are willing to cooperate with our allies and with our trading partners who did not retaliate it. It wasn't a hard message. Don't retaliate. Things will turn out well. And then This is just typical loser and abuser behavior. You try to punish somebody, they react to protect themselves, and then you try to punish them more and blame them saying that they were asking for it.


Just, it's so disgraceful, this whole thing. Oh, and by the way, speaking of China, Fox is now reporting that any TikTok deal with China is now off the table. Watch this. Vara was talking as of yesterday about not taking the win and now they did. And it's all because of the bond market. I wanna point out one other thing. Because of China, there will not be a TikTok deal, okay? Hmm. That the White House has confirmed to me that is basically off the table. As Roger Solen Berger of the Daily Beast rights quote, the volatility of Trump's presidency seemed like it may function as its own kind of non-monetary tariff, eroding trade relationships without generating the additional tax revenue. And that really is the issue. I mean, Trump has lost complete control of the tariff narrative. He has proven himself to be an erratic and untrustworthy trade partner and abuser of the global economic system.


He offers no stability businesses or governments under his leadership. There is no reason for our allies or our rivals to place any faith in the consistency of US policy. And for American businesses, the uncertainty has to be paralyzing. How can a company justify sinking billions into building factories in the United States? If those investments could instantly be undercut by a single tweet, Trump could raise tariffs, lower them, scrap them entirely at a whim, obliterating an entire business model overnight. There's no strategy here, no coherence, only chaos. And we all suffer because of it. As Midas touch editor-in-chief Ron Philip Kowski says, quote, the credibility of the US government is completely shot, gone, annihilated.


Nobody anywhere in the world can believe a single word that comes out of this administration ever. Oh, and here's a photo that the Democrats on the House and Ways committee posted. Trump's trade. Representative Ambassador Greer was in the middle of testifying to Congress about why Trump's tariffs were so great and should never be paused. And at this very moment in the picture that I'm showing right now, he found out that Trump reversed the policy for those listening. He's staring down at his phone in disappointment and confusion. After hours and hours of testimony, the ways and means Democrats tweeted the following along with this image. Heartbreaking man discovers he has to backpedal on a policy he just spent over four hours defending. Ouch. So there you have it.


Trump caved again, the propagandist. They're out in full force to try to spin this. Our alliances are shattered and Americans are worse off because of Donald Trump's erratic behavior. We're going to continue to follow this and all the news, so make sure you are subscribed to our YouTube channel. Also, make sure you add the Midas Touch Podcast right now on Apple Podcast and Spotify, and join us on substack@midasplus.com. Thanks so much. I'll see you soon. Can't Get enough? Midas? Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.