
You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What? On price? They have my favorite brand. It's like a whole new bu Ah, I give, I I'm saving so much. Yeah. Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals you'll love Burlington. I told you. So.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


It is turn time and with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 plus in President select states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non withable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including token expiration and max wager amount. C terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Wanna save time and money on ammo while dramatically improving your shooting? Meet Mantis X, the revolutionary Drive fire training system that 94% of shooters say improves their accuracy in just 20 minutes. Used by the Marine Corps Army and Special Forces Mantis Ax Springs military grade technology to everyday gun owners at an affordable price. Train anytime, anywhere with your own firearm and pay for the system in ammo savings alone in less than two weeks. If you believe in your Second Amendment rights, you must also act on your Second Amendment responsibility to be confident, confident and accurate. Whether you're a beginner or a seasoned shooter, mantis X is the must have tool to take your skills to the next level. Start improving today. Get yours@mantisx.com. That's M-A-N-T-I-S x.com.


Could a Ruby Red Congressional District in Florida turn blue Momentum seems to be gathering for the Democratic candidate in this special election. His name is Josh Wheel. This from of all places. Florida Voice Democrats putting up a fight in Florida. Congressional District six early voting data shows where Republican, a very unpopular ultra maga Doge extremists by the name of Randy Fine, is facing Democrat Josh Wheel, who is a public school teacher. A massive cash disparity. We're seeing as well as people are really going to Josh Wheel's side here.


People are very nervous that this Randy Fine is going to deify Florida's six congressional district. We're seeing even people like Steve Bannon terrified. This is what Steve Bannon said on his podcast, the War room the other day. Let's play it. Was it Florida six Waltz's District. Trump won that district by 30 points in November. I'm old enough to remember when he won in November by 30 points. We have a candidate that I don't think is winning. That's an issue. That issue he is talking about is, again, Randy Fine is a state senator in Florida.


The seat being held by Waltz. Who he is referring to is Mike Waltz, the National Security advisor, who you probably know best right now for the individual doing the fist bump emoji American flag emoji, flame emoji when leaking our war secrets and war information on a group text thread with others in the Department of Defense and within the Department of National Security. Now let me show you over here just some videos of Randy fine so you can see who he is. Randy Fine. Is someone at, at a hear why he is also so unpopular at a, there's a lot of reasons.


At, at a hearing over women's reproductive health, he looked at the women and he said, if you dare even breathe, I'm gonna have you arrested here, play this clip. Sergeant staff has been preauthorized to remove people. There will not be warnings. You'll be removed. If I can hear you breathe from my seat, that will be the standard. So I would encourage people to keep that in mind. We're gonna have a hearing. We're gonna hear from these folks. It's gonna go for as long as it goes and then that we are, then we are going to be done. And don't test me. I'm sure you won't like the outcome. Alright? Members, Don't test me. I'm sure you won't like the outcome. I'm a big tough guy who hides under my desk when process servers try to serve me with paperwork.


This is a guy, he got like a public records act like deposition. It's like, okay, you're a public official. You're gonna get those from time to time. The dude was hiding under his desk from the process server Here, watch this. He really hiding behind the desk.


Under the desk. Wow. Come out, come out wherever you are, Randy. Fine. Let's bring in the Democratic candidate for that seat in this special election. Probably have heard about this guy, Josh Wheel. Josh Wheel. You're making news in Florida and across the nation right now in this race. What are you seeing on the ground? My man? Yeah, People are excited. You know, we have a, a real race here. You know, we've known from the beginning that, you know, this is a district that has been neglected by the state and National Party for a long time. And, you know, if we were able to handle our business, get our fundraising right, you know, build the right campaign, that we'd be able to get a real response from people.


And, you know, then January 20th happened, then, you know, we've got all of the executive orders, the fast and furious barrage against, you know, the infrastructure of our nation public services that residents here rely on. It's a district that's 25% age, 65 plus. You know, they're not happy about massive cuts to the Social Security Administration. They're not happy about cuts to veterans benefits. You know, Medicaid, Medicare, they're, they're feeling the impact immediately. And you know, we've been here with them the whole way. Making sure that they have someone who will fight for them to preserve those systems in Congress.


You know, Randy fine this guy. I mean, he's a really loathed individual. Like if, if I guess there's something that brings people together, it's like, other than Donald Trump and Elon Musk loving this guy, and, and Trump posted Randy, Randy, Randy, we love you, Randy, because, you know, he's a, he's a Doge rubber stamp. He's a get rid of the social security Medicaid screw over the older people in your district kind of guy, destroy people's lives the way Trump and Elon wants to do. But even DeSantis doesn't like this guy. Like DeSantis. Oh, they hate each other. Des DeSantis hates this guy. He goes, he's a tell, tell us about the, the hatred that's that's there as well.


Oh yeah. So when DeSantis was running for president, Randy Fine was the first Republican to jump off and, you know, support Trump instead. And they've had this just furious relationship ever since we've seen it. He called like three special legislative sessions earlier this year, right? Leading up to the main legislative session that started earlier this month. A big part of it was just he wanted an excuse to not be in this district campaigning, which is great for us. But, you know, he spent most of the time, you know, they were fighting over which, which immigration, which horrible immigration bill. You know, that they wanted the one that Trump recommended or the one that DeSantis was putting forward.


And he's been the most outspoken critic of Ron DeSantis. He calls him Rhonda Rhino. And a lot of people, a lot of Republicans here like Ron DeSantis. So they don't take that kindly. You know, there's, there's two types of people here in District six. There's people who don't like Randy fine. And there's people who haven't heard of Randy. Fine. So That's pretty much everybody. Randy fine. Randy Fine is one of these guys who is like, he just wants to party at Mar-a-Lago with the, the pink Birkin bags for FI 450,000. Like this is a guy trying to like, I don't know, live the high school years. He didn't have as like a, a member of, it's, it's a total weird MAGA mutation for this guy.


Randy, fine. And he is a very dangerous guy. I mean, when he takes to the floor of the state legislature, the types of things that he talks about is like, he goes, we need to erase. He said, what the entire L-G-B-T-Q community or words to that effect. He goes, 'cause he connected the community to drag shows. And even if it means getting rid of drag shows, if I have to erase all the gay people, I, we said something, I think we have the clip here, play that clip salty. If we got, and They're the ones that are saying this definition applies to them. Well, if it means erasing a community because you have to target children when damn right, we ought to do it. I just don't think you have to inherently say because you're lesbian or gay that you want to target children.


I find that statement to be offensive to them. I mean, dangerous, weird dude. But here's the thing, Josh, you know, we, we, we cover before some of these movements in Florida where there seems to be hope and look, the early voting data is very good for you leading in the first two days if you factor in some independence, you know, there could be a, i I don't want to get people overconfident, so I'm not even gonna go through necessarily what the data is reflecting other than people need to go out and learn about you. But how are you really feeling? There are some people who go, we always get our hopes up thinking about a red district flip. I'm sure you get asked this before, what do you say to those people who were like, yeah, but it's still Florida.


It was a plus 30 Trump area. It's not possible. What do you say to them, Josh? Yeah, I mean, oh look, it was a plus 30 Trump area because we had no real democratic campaign here, the last three cycles. One of them, there was no democratic nominee for this seed. And the other two, the congressional candidate was unable to raise more than $35,000 over the entire two year stretch. So, you know, it's really, it's like more like an r plus 14 when you look at the current voter registration data, which is a lot more winnable. You know, it's, it's not that our message has been rejected in the past, it's that there was No one here getting the message out. You know, messaging isn't free.


It, you gotta be able to build a real campaign to get out and talk to people. And, you know, not only have we been able to do that, but in his arrogance, Randy Fine felt that he didn't have to, he spent months not campaigning last month he was interviewed by a newspaper and they asked him, you know, what are the issues most important in the district? And he's like, I don't know. He goes, it doesn't matter. He goes, because I'm here to serve Donald Trump. I don't need to know what issues are important to the people there. You know, he, he took two months off, raised no money, which I mean, honestly, we were surprised by, we knew we were gonna have outraised him because we were handling our business and getting our work done. But he didn't even try raising money for a future war chest for 2026.


I mean, he did absolutely nothing, no outreach, no messaging, no building of a campaign, just hiding out in Tallahassee from the voters. And now he's scared. Now he's struggling and we feel really good about it. I mean, look, there's a lot of Republican voters in this district, right? If they, there's definitely enough that if they overturn out, they can take this thing back from us in seven days. But right now we feel really good about where we're at. Yeah, Randy Fine has a pattern in practice of hiding under his desk like a little doji coward hoping that his daddy, Elon and Donald Trump will bail him out.


And they're trying. But I think the people in your district are seeing what Doge means to the services that literally keep them alive. I see back there it says April 1st is the day of the election. Early voting is taking place right now, right? Yeah. What, what else do people need to know? Where could they find out more? When's the voting period? What do you, what do you tell them? Early voting goes through this Saturday, the 29th. You can learn more about the campaign@joshwheel.us. Js HW eil us. We have links to sign up. You know, we have volunteers from all over the country who've been doing phone banking for us, reaching out to voters. We have, if anyone's local or nearby canvassing, right?


Right now it's just about getting out there, knocking on doors, driving out the vote. And you know, we're, we're all the money that we raise going forward is gonna, you know, help increase what we're on TV because the Republicans poured like $3 million into the final eight days for television. So, you know, we're making sure that we're keeping pace on tv, that we're scaling up our campaign team as much as possible to make sure we drive out the vote. You can donate, you can sign up to volunteer or you can learn more about me all at our website. There you have it Josh Wheel running for Florida's six congressional district in the special election, April 1st. We'll be following it closely.


Thanks Josh, appreciate You. Thanks you Everybody hit subscribe and let's get two 5 million subscribers.


Can't get enough. Midas, check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.