
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season, and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear, $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington Price. They have my favorite brand, just like a whole new bu. Ah, I give I too. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great Brands? You'll Love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


So when I ask what is odu? What comes to mind? Well, ODU is a bit of everything. ODU is a suite of business management software that some people say is like fertilizer because of the way it promotes growth. But you know, some people also say, OO is like a magic beans stock because it grows with your company and is also magically affordable. But then again, you could look at OO in terms of how its individual software programs are a lot like building blocks. I mean, whatever your business needs, manufacturing, accounting, HR programs, you can build a custom software suite that's perfect for your company. So what is odu? Well, I guess ODU is a bit of everything. ODU is a fertilizer magic beans, stock building blocks for business. Yeah, that's it. Which means that ODU is exactly what every business needs. Learn more and sign up now@oo.com. That's od o.com.


A MAGA republican congress member from New York just revealed the entire game plan in a stunning admission on M-S-N-B-C. He said that social security cuts maybe, maybe happens, probably needs to happen. Listen to maga Republican congress member Mike Lawler in his own words, saying it's not realistic to rule out cuts to social security, Medicare and Medicaid Play this clip. Basically defense spending, social security, Medicare, Medicaid. That's about 90% of it right there. So you can't cut from the rest of the budget to balance things.


This, this, this has been the whole challenge, right? Because we're blocking off roughly 87, 90% of federal spending and saying we can't touch that. Can't touch it. So we're arguing over roughly 13% of federal spending, you know, in terms of trying to find savings. And it's just not realistic. So the, the issue long term that we all have to grapple with Republicans and Democrats and we have to get serious about is how to tackle our national debt. Most of our debt is accrued by mandatory spending. There are savings to be had in the defense Department. No question about it. There are savings to be had across every agency and department in the federal government.


You know, the last time I checked, Donald Trump is proposing a $1 trillion spending bill for the military because he likes the number trillion. And also the last time I checked maga, Republican Congress member Mike Lawler, who you saw there, wants to give 4.5 trillion. Yeah, that word trillion again, tax cuts for the billionaires. And there was that town hall on CNN. It was very odd moment where this maga Republican Congress member Lawler, continued to try to interrupt the Democratic congresswoman haze from Connecticut as she was trying to make a point. And I guess he just didn't like the truth. So he kept it, it was just very odd and, and honestly kind of creepy Here, Play this clip.


If he has found all of this waste, fraud and abuse. We don't want that either. But what we're talking about is burning down the house instead of taking, is there one thing? I'm still talking please. One, is there one thing? What we're talking about, what we're talking about is burning down the house instead of taking out the garbage, there is waste in the federal government. All of us would like to see that go. So we Help identify of waste. Mr. Lawler can please let finish my, you've been talking, can you, lemme finish my conversation and I'm gonna finish. Okay. And I'm gonna, Noah reminded me of that debate with Hillary Clinton and Trump, where Trump was like kind of creepily looking over her and then interrupting her. One more thing I wanna share with you about Lawler, who by the way, once kind of claimed he was like a centrist, but I think he's revealed his true colors.


This is from the Democratic majority pack right here, house majority forward. Actually, here's what they're running this ad about. Lawler, it's brutal Here, Play this clip. Tariffs are part of the president's economic policy. I do believe the economy is going to boom. Tariffs is a tax and it will be passed on consumers an exceptionally brutal day on Wall Street. Millions of retirement accounts took a beating. Today the economy is going to boom, Expected to increase the cost of everything from close to electronics to alcohol. It's gonna push the US economy, the global economy into recession. An all out recession. The economy is going to boom.


And Lawler says Americans need to experience pain. I wanna bring in Mike Sacks, one of the Democratic candidates for that seat in New York's 17th Congressional District. Hey, Mike, what do you make of, of, of all of that? I mean, you know, he, he branded himself originally when he first ran a while back as centrist moderate. But he's shown that he's maga through and through. Yeah, Ben, thanks for having me here on Midas Touch Network. We just saw on those clips who Mike Lawler is now he is up here in our district outside of New York City, Rockland County, Westchester County, Putnam County, Duchess County. Mike Lawler pretends to be a moderate up here while he votes MAGA down there, right?


He has allowed our social security office to close and then had to beg the dear leader to reopen it. Here in Westchester where I live with my two young children, he's failed to combat threats to Medicaid and is now saying, yes, we have to find some cuts to social security in order to pay for the tax cuts for the wealthy and the billionaire best friends of Donald Trump. He is let Trump ram through tariffs that'll, that would raise prices for families here in the Hudson Valley. Tariffs that just Trump on his own whim said, okay, nevermind. Well, 10, still 10% across the board, 125% on China. But still, Congress could have stepped up at that moment and said, no.


You heard the Senators in that ad, Republican senators in that ad saying this will, this is a tax that raises costs on everyday Americans. And Lawler saying, well, you know, it is worth checking out to see how this goes. That is someone who's not willing to use the power of the purse and the people's voice in the house to stand up to a personalist autocrat in the White House who's willing to give the power in the purse and the voice of the people in the people's house wholesale over to the White House. So the dear leader, Donald Trump, can do whatever he wishes and, and ultimately tip off his best friends to make billions on his saying, go right before the tariffs themselves, the big ones he'd announced, he decided to cancel on his own whip.


Meanwhile, Lawlers failed to do a damn thing about veterans losing their livelihoods thanks to Trump and Musk's chainsawing federal jobs, and that's affected veterans in this district as well. So, no, he has played moderate up here, but he's clearly voting MAGA down there. He's, he's Maga not moderate, You know, it's, I I I grew up in Long Island, you know, I, I know the ROC you know, I had people who went to George Washington University where I went to undergrad from, from the area also, you know, they elected Lawler, I mean Republican, and they reelect.


They've reelected him a few times. Are are things shifting there? I mean, do you sense that there's an actual dynamic that's changing there because of what Doge has done or, you know, a lot of people, you know, a a a lot of people look at these races and you know, and wonder how is it that, you know, still there are people who are like voting to gut their own social security and voting to gut their Medicaid, Right? I mean, this was something that Trump the tariffs, at least he promised. And people were just like, la la la la la They didn't realize what was gonna happen. Musk talking about social security being a Ponzi scheme. People were warned, but still, even with those warnings, what Doge has been doing, which was not what Doge had announced it was going to do in the first place, when it first took the pages of the Wall Street Journal and what he was proposing then was bad enough.


But Trump's and Musk's chainsawing through its proposed, its supposed waste, fraud and abuse. We heard the Congressman talking about that on the CNN clip. He played the chainsawing through real people's jobs, real people's livelihoods in a way that no one asked for. Not a single person who voted for these people, asked for it. It's not waste, fraud, and abuse. And when Lawler is saying, can you identify one thing of waste, fraud, and abuse, it is clearly not anything of the inflated millions or billions or whatever of non-existent numbers that Elon's claiming to have cut.


You know, you hear Secretary of Chance of James Mattis would say, he'd go line by line through the defense budget and he'd find actual waste, fraud and abuse. None of that is what Doge is doing. So people did not ask for this, and people are not waking up to that here in this district. People see Lawler and they see that's Maga not moderate. People are, people are seeing what he says and they don't trust him or believe many anymore. And I think there's gonna be a lot of people, even beyond the Democratic primary people who are mad as hell up here. The Democrats in this district are mad as hell. But even beyond that, people who thought they were voting for something and got something very different from these people, billionaires who are stealing their voice and their power to enrich themselves at all of our expense and laughing all the way to the bank with it and think that we won't do anything about it, that is going to be the main dynamic driving this coming election and lawler's a part of it.


We heard something also the congresswoman said that they're burning down the house, Trump Musk burning down the house. What's happening is not only that Waller's letting that happen, but it's, it's, it's more than, it's, it's, it's knocking it down. It's leaving rubble and wreckage in the people's house. And that's the one part of the federal government in 2026, that democracy lovers, not just Democrats with a small D, but also small or Big D, but small D Democrats, right? People who believe in fighting autocracy in this country and cutting this vicious cycle where the rich just keep making themselves richer because they've hijacked our country.


This is what's gonna be left in rubbles because lawler's laying it happen. And we need someone with the vision to match this moment where people are rising up, taking to town halls, going on marches, doing the hands-off rallies. Someone who's willing to take that energy, bring it to the people's house, build back from the rubble of what Trump, Musk and Lawler will have left us into a newer house. Something that can rebuild our country into something bigger, better, bigger, stronger, more secure, freer, and more prosperous, a democracy that represents all of us, not just the billionaires who've hijacked it. People wanna find out more about your campaign, where, where do they go and find out more about you?


Yeah, everyone watching you can go to mike sacks for congress.com. You can check out what I'm all about, which I've got two young sons here in the Hudson Valley, and we are looking for a better life for everybody. We're looking for a way that all of us can prosper people here in this New York 17th district. We can see our children be able to afford housing up here in ways that is vanishing. For those who've grown up here, we can make sure that those who have been deeply affected by this spot in our freedom and our pocketbooks, in our democracy that we rescue, that we build back from that rubble. Now, the reproductive freedom, which has been gutted by this long-term right wing movement, we can restore it.


We can build a vision coming back from the house that we can make sure that come 2026, come 2028, come 2030, we are resetting our country back to be stronger, more prosperous, more secure and freer than ever before. There you have it, Mike Sachs, thanks for sharing the wealth of knowledge about that district and what I see as definitely someone pretending to be moderate, but as MAGA through and through. We appreciate you. Thanks Ben. Everybody Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Love This video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.