
Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.


Hello, I'm Dr. Steven Hassan with another episode of the Influence Continuum. I have a, a newly minted doctor as a guest today. I'm very, very excited to have with me Dr. Dustin Rosario Steinhagen is a privacy expert. You just got your doctorate degree in cyber defense. You publish numerous times and privacy literature, including fields of privacy education and neuro privacy. And we wanna talk today about the topic of your dissertation research, which is titled, Defending the Security of the Mind, A Mail Survey of Thought Reform Literacy in South Dakota.


And all I can say is I was very excited to learn about your doctoral research. I know you approached me to be on your committee, which I unfortunately was overcommitted in other ways I couldn't serve. But my dear friend and colleague John atac did serve. John is an ex Scientologist and a brilliant mind unto himself. And it sounds like you're really doing cutting edge work. So I wanted to interview you, hear more about what you were interested in, how you got interested in this, it's applications, and get more people, especially young people interested in this topic.


So Dustin, Dr. Dustin, welcome to the Influence Continuum. Thanks Dr. Haston. And first, I just wanna say it's an honor to be on your show. I first caught wind of your research in 2019 when I was first researching the, what, what's out there in terms of malicious influence. And we'll get into the backstory of kind of, kind of how a cyber defense PhD got involved with thought reform research. 'cause it's very unintuitive and might even sound inappropriate without some context. So yeah, yeah. Please tell us. Sure. So in 2018, I was a senior at Cornell University in my undergrad program. And the most important course I ever took in my life was this course called Computational Psychology.


So the whole thesis of this course is that the brain is literally a type of computer and the mind is computation and we don't have time to go through, You know, all the mechanics of that. But the, the citation I would provide would be the professor's book, which is called Computing the Mind, how the Mind Really Works. And The author's name Dr. Shimon Edelman. Okay. Yep. Thank You. And so, so essentially also in 2018, as your viewers and listeners might recall, that's when the Cambridge Analytica scandal broke in the news in, in the spring. So right around the same time I was, I was taking this course and, You know, that really opened my mind to like how much manipulation there is out there and how our personal data is used to, You know, politically manipulate us.


And that that, I mean, that's really just the tip of the iceberg too. And I didn't realize how deep this and broad this subject is until I really dug into the literature. So may I interrupt you Justin? And just for my listeners who may need a refresher on Cambridge Analytica, and I know, I think Christopher Wiley wrote a book about it. Tell tell our listeners just a a bit about what, what that was about. Sure. So Cambridge Analytica was, I, I think it's most properly termed, should be termed a psychological warfare firm. They were doing p political manipulation using personal data in various countries prior to essentially meddling in the 2016 presidential election in our country.


And then also the, the Brexit referendum in the uk. So they got in big trouble and had to go ba and they eventually went bankrupt because of this huge privacy scandal where they were essentially scraping thousands of data points from Facebook. And then combining that with psychometrics analysis to target specific voters and, and sway the election in, in unethical ways. You know, I mean, influence doesn't have to be inherently unethical, but the reason why it came into Analytica was, was wrong, was because people's data was being scraped that they didn't consent to, and that they didn't understand what was going on. Right. And it was on such a massive scale as well.


If I may add, there was a documentary, I believe called The Great Hack. Yep. For people who want more details about it. And my recollection, if I may add, is just that they, they got into Facebook and was, were doing questionnaires and use the questionnaires to get to all the friends of the people who responded. I was in that hack. I got a notification from Facebook that my data was scraped and all of my followers, so I was very displeased. So thanks for sharing that. So that, that happened and you were like, wow, The brain is a computer, but it's not just a computer, it's a vulnerable computer and it's routinely hacked.


So then, You know, I, I mean, I'll just be honest, I got really scared, You know, and it wasn't just Cambridge Analytica, You know, I learned about during 2018, I also learned about romance scams, which are a very sophisticated type of scam where a hacker will convince someone to fall in love with them. So it's like an online dating situation usually, but it's a false persona. So this person has genuine feelings of affection and love for this fake persona. And then there's this cover story of like, You know, maybe it's like a medical emergency or they're stuck in an airport and they need money all of a sudden. So then they have this cover story to extract money from the, the person who who genuinely loves, You know, this, this fake person. And oftentimes romance scams succeed at draining a person's entire bank account.


It's actually, it's one of the the worst types of scams that, that I'm aware of, just in terms of the emotional damage. And It's how cults like to recruit using people. Yeah, it's similar people to recruit others, right? Yeah. Except it's online often. So people, You know, fall in love with a projection based on false information and it's very, very nefarious and harmful and painful. And forgive me for adding one more thing, but just recently there was a young boy who fell in love with a chat bot on character AI and killed himself 'cause he wanted to be with this chatbot for eternity. Yeah, yeah. I saw that, that story in the news recently as well.


Yeah. So, so let's go back to you. So there you are, the brain is a computer, it can be hacked Cambridge Analytica and your Yeah. Cornell going, okay, what do I wanna do with my life? Yeah. And that's when, that's when I really decided to pursue a degree in cybersecurity. 'cause and I'm not sure exactly how I first heard, but cybersecurity professionals, many of them deal with, we call it social engineering in the field. I'm not sure why we call it social engineering. 'cause most other fields will call it psychological manipulation, malicious influence. I think there's better terms for it. But, but be that as it may, a lot of the literature in the cybersecurity field, you'll, you'll see the phrase social engineering.


So I was aware of social engineering and I started reading books and I really got interested, You know, I started kind of falling in love with learning about social psychology. And so that's, and, and privacy too. I mean, and You know, the privacy connection is from Cambridge Analytica. And just realizing that there's this intimate connection between people losing their privacy and their vulnerability to influence. You know, the more data you have on someone, the easier you can control and manipulate them and deceive them. Right. And to state the obvious, America does not have any data privacy laws in place. So all of these companies are taking our data, putting 'em on the dark web. Right. So we have thousands of pieces of information about our choices on some dark cloud somewhere that some bad actor could potentially buy and use.


Is that right? We, we do have some privacy protections, but they're quite inadequate. And I mean, just as a comparison, over in the European Union, they have something called the General Data Protection Regulation or GDPR. So that covers all contexts and it has very robust protections for privacy here in America. We don't have a federal law like that. We have some federal laws and many state laws, and it's just, it's incomprehensive so that there are some protections in place, but definitely not enough. And again, Cambridge Analytica was kind of proof of that, so. Right. So tell us more about your, how you went about this study, what you were hoping to, You know, with, with science, you are always trying to do research that's cutting edge, that moves the boulderer a little bit further up the mountain.


So tell us about your, your process. Yeah, yeah. So after, and, and again, like a large part of coming up with your, your initial idea for research is just reading what's out there currently. So actually the, the, i I read your book Combating called Mind Control. That was actually the first book on thought reform and, and destructive cults that I had read. And that's when I really realized like, this is thought reform that is, is the most serious security and privacy threat that we have, You know, has the potential to destroy all humans, You know, through nuclear war, like the Ricchio case study. And even, even If we don't, it's the Japanese SAR and gas apocalyptic conspiracy cult that issued SAR and gas killed and injured many Japanese.


And my mentor Robert j Lifton, who wrote the seminal book, thought Reform and the Psychology of Totalism did a book called Destroying the World to Save it about apocalyptic cults and featured the Shin Rio Cult. Yeah. And so there's that connection where, I mean, that's kind of the most extreme negative consequence of unmitigated thought reform. But e even just the, the smaller things too. It's, I it reading the different types of exploitation that's out there, like, for example, psychological warfare, You know, I, I mentioned romance scams, the other types of scams. But the, when I was learning about all those, it really seemed like thought reform and the, the consequence that it is, it has for the people that are affected by it, really, it seems to be the wor one of the worst things that can happen to a person.


And it's because it covers so many different contexts. You know, it covers domestic abuse, human trafficking, terrorism, and, and so, so many more contexts. So I really wanted to do a study that would help push the envelope in thought reform research, especially since I learned that it was so under underappreciated by social scientists. And, and I think our, our colleague ATAC has, has said that it's almost a, a neglected research field. So, so I was learning as much as I could about thought reform and I realized that one of the best, we call 'em defensive controls in the security and privacy field. So a defensive control is a technique or tool you put in place to reduce risk.


So education and awareness about thought reform is a defensive control. And it really, and I know you and many other experts have really are huge fans of this idea of education awareness. So that seems like the best area for me to do my work in. You know, I wanted to make a, a big difference. So, so that, so the main idea of my survey is that I wanted to quantitatively measure how much people knew about psychological manipulation and psychologically manipulative groups. So psychologically manipulative groups is, is a term that's pretty much synonymous with destructive cults and it's a less controversial descriptor. So that was the, the term that I led with rather than cults. Right. 'cause that can be, especially 'cause I'm gonna, I was, I was surveying lay people.


I just wanted to make sure that, to reduce bias. Right. So How did you find your, your, your, your respondees, just out of curiosity? Sure. So this was a, a mail survey. And what I did is I purchased a comprehensive mailing address list. So the, the state that I studied was South Dakota. So South Dakota is a pretty rural state here in the United States. And it wasn't too expensive, it was within my budget that is to purchase a whole, a whole list of physical addresses. So then I could randomly sample that physical address list and essentially get statistics that would represent all of South Dakota. That was the idea. So you were doing snail mail surveys?


Yep. And the reason for that, that it had the best coverage of the population. You, you choose your survey type based on the population that you're studying. So it, it, it would cover the population better and and allow me to get more accurate statistics. So I guess that's a little ironic, You know, a cybersecurity student using snail mail, but, and there's a higher rate of response for, for a male survey compared to something like email or, or telephone. You typically, Yeah, I believe that you see Higher Response. So do you live in South Dakota? I did, yeah. I was a, a student employee of my university Dakota State University for four years. I See. It was, I ended up finishing my, my PhD program after my work contract ended.


So I moved to Iowa, which is where I'm currently located. Okay, good. So please continue. So tell us about what you asked and Yep. What the results were and Yeah. So in collaboration with several thought reform experts, I developed a curriculum of 47 questions to ask the South Dakotan lay people. So each, each question was weighted equally. So that means that 47 was the max score on the test. And I had 147 respondents. So that was the sample size. And the scores that I saw were between one, so what a single point, correct. And 46. So no one got a perfect score, no one completely flunked it with a score of zero.


And the average, the weighted average score was between 37 and 39. So that it's approximately equal to like a c plus or a B minus if, if this was like a grade school test. Okay. Okay. So then some to get to some of the individual questions, please. The, the, this is my favorite statistic of the entire survey. So it was a humility question. So essentially asking people if they believe they're vulnerable to psychological manipulation. So the, the question stem was do you believe you could be lured into a psychologically manipulative group or relationship so they could answer, yes, it is possible, or no, it's not possible. 31% of my respondents said it's not possible. So they were, they assumed that they were immune and two thirds, so 66% selected that it was possible.


And I just found this very interesting because it, well, first of all, we didn't have any, like from a broad geographic population that is, we didn't have any statistics about what people believe of their own vulnerability to thought reform. So, I mean, two thirds of people were humble, You know, I think that's hopeful actually. And I, I I thought it was gonna be a lot less. I thought more, more people would be assumed that they were immune. Yeah. Well, folks like me from big cities have ideas about Dakota and South Dakota and stuff. So I think it's really fascinating. Frankly, I, You know, and I'll just comment that it is the biggest vulnerability to think that you're invulnerable to being deceived and manipulated.


It's like, oh my God. And it's amazing when I talk to people who say, no, it would never happen to me. And then I asked them questions and they're like, oh, actually I did fall for someone who was a narcissist and they did, You know, hurt me and I did have this boss. And, and, but they, but people walk around thinking they're, they're too smart. Yeah. The optimism bias and several other cognitive biases work against us for, for that. Yeah. I was gonna say continue. Yeah. Oh, go ahead. That, like, in terms of the humility, the most interesting statistical finding of my, of my survey was that there was a positive correlation between those who were humble and getting higher scores on, on the test.


So the, for, for the pe for the people who are methodologists or researchers, the exact correlation was 0.251, which corresponds to a low to moderate positive correlation. And I guess just to put it in plain English, if, if the respondents in my survey that were humble knew more about thought reform and cults than those who assumed that they were immune. And I think this is a, You know, this is a very, i I, I mean it's, it's a, we just had didn't have data about this prior to my dissertation that there would even be a re a relation between these two variables at all. And this, this really coincides with what is stated in the thought reform literature, like you just alluded to a few minutes ago, that, You know, if, if you assume you're immune, then you're vulnerable.


And assuming that a person's knowledge is correlated with how protected they are, then this, this study actually gives quantitative evidence for, for this theory that humility is protective. Right. And I, I have a question 'cause I didn't read your dissertation, forgive me yet, but did you ask any questions if people had children? I did not. Yeah. And I can talk about the other demographic variables. I, I didn't study all the demographic variables. I know it would've been interesting to study political belief, political affiliation, or religious beliefs. I just wanted to keep the, that could've harmed response rates, You know, 'cause those are more sensitive questions. And along with asking about people's children as well I, that might've harmed response rates.


So I just wanted to keep it with kind of the bread and butter demographics. So I studied educational attainment, age, biological sex, something called subjective social status, which is similar to socioeconomic status. But instead of asking for a person's income, you directly ask them about their social class. So whether they're poor working class, middle class, or affluent and race and ethnicity. So there was five, these five other demographic variables. And I ran a multiple regression analysis. And f first I would, just a caveat, I I pretty low sample size, so that could have affected things, but I did not find any statistically significant correlations between any of these five demographic variables and people's knowledge.


So, and, and that's also consistent with what's said in the literature, that what a person's background really doesn't influence their susceptibility to cult recruitment. You know, you can come from, You know, You know, it affects the poor and rich alike, so to speak. So I would, I would argue though in this day and age, that bad actors want wealthy people and influencers. So they'll target them over somebody who is not knowledgeable, educated, well situated, You know? So I think there's a, there's a targeting piece that may be at play, Right? And I guess I, but my thing wasn't a quantitative measure of a person's exact vulnerability, right.


Just their knowledge. But assuming those variables related. So, and the last thing I wanna say about general, like, or the general idea of my survey is that I found two thought reform deniers is what I called them. So these were the people that answered, well, rewinding a little bit, some of the distractors of the questions in my survey were like, psychological manipulation doesn't exist, or we don't know how it would work because it doesn't exist. So I included those distractors because for my literature review, I realized that I, I think you and others have stated that many people deny that thought reform, brainwashing mind control even exist at all. And I want to be these people if I did find them to be able to answer my survey in good faith.


So I'm really glad I kept those distractors in the survey because I did find two people who, and they were consistent with it too. They didn't just just answer it once. They went through the whole survey and said, said like, it doesn't, manipulation doesn't exist, whereas zero people are being psychologically manipulated in the world. That was one of the questions in the survey. Wow. So that, that were one of the answers. So interesting. These people do exist. The de deniers, I hadn't personally met one, but it's just interesting to think and that's really important. Sorry, go ahead. No, I'm, I, I, I apologize dust. I told you I do. Didn't wanna interrupt and talk too much. No, It's okay. I Just, You know, it's the, the the, anyway, please continue.


It's really important for future researchers in this field to make sure that they keep those types of distractors in the curriculum so that they can catch these deniers and we can continue to estimate what the proportion is in the population. Again, my sample size was so small that it's hard to know if it's just like the one to 2%, which the two out of 1 47 respondents, or if it could be higher 'cause of non-response. You know, maybe there's a higher proportion of people that I didn't catch, but future research will have to discover that. So Yeah, I was, I will add just that there are oc cult ologists who are paid sociologists of religion, who are go out of their way to say there's no such thing as brainwashing and mind control or cults and want people to call religious cults new religious movements instead.


So there's that, You know, element just as big tobacco had deniers that smoking class, cancer and fossil fuel companies do that too. But then there are people in cults who really don't believe that they've been brainwashed. Like I was in the moonies, I was like, no, definitely not. So anyway, please continue. Yeah, and I, I guess because it, if you consider like denying the existence of thought reform and then just assuming that you're immune to it, denying that it exists is probably far worse for a person's vulnerability than, than acknowledging that it exists.


But then falsely believing that, You know, the not me myth that Margaret Singer mentioned. Yeah. So it's kind of three categories of people that I found in my survey deniers good people who thought they were immune, and then people who were humble. Good point. So we don't have time to cover every single question in my survey, but I, I kind of picked four individual questions that I thought I, you would find particularly interesting and then we can talk over. Great. Alright. So one of the questions I asked was about the extent of influence or what, what influence is possible. So which components of the mind can be influenced? So the first distractor was just beliefs and behaviors, which 5% of people selected the, then it, it was, it accumulated.


So the, if a person selected the second answer, it would be beliefs, behaviors, plus thoughts and emotions. So that was an additional 24%. So, so a total of 29% thought it was either just beliefs and behaviors or plus thoughts and emotions. So I would just mention that's kind of the four components of your bite model, right? So, so 24% acknowledged just the bite components. I've taught a social engineering class in the past, and one thing I emphasize with my students is that although it's easy just to think of the bite components that you could, the extent of influence is so much more than that. You know, you can implant false memories, alter altered states of consciousness, and You know, other things as well. So the third distractor was memories and use of language as, as the fifth and sixth things that can additionally be I manipulated or influenced.


So that was an additional 5%. Now, what surprised me was that 59% of my respondents selected the correct answer, which was, it was those prior six things plus a person's core identity and personality. I really thought this was gonna be less. I didn't, I was not expecting 59% to say that Oh yeah, identity and personality can be manipulated as well. I was very impressed with my respondents that because that is, and, and You know, the definition of thought reform, it's really focused on identity manipulation. Yeah. So the fact that these, these lay people understood that identity can be changed, You know, that that's, it's hopeful that, that they can protect themselves Very much so.


And when the public, You know, describes my son is different, he came back one weekend and he's a different person. Like there recognizing as an identity shift that took place. So, yeah. Okay. So that was the first question I wanted to talk about. The next one was talking about call leaders. So the question stem went something like, which of the following describes all leaders of psychologically manipulative groups? So is really getting the respondent to select the core characteristic of what makes a cult leader, or what the type, the type of person who becomes a cult leader, I should say. So the correct answer was that cult leaders are abusive people who have learned manipulation techniques.


So 42% of my respondents selected that correct answer, and the two of the were selected by a lot of people. So the first distractor was that there were intelligent people with compelling ideologies, which was 30% of the respondents. And then the third dis, or the second distractor was that they were highly charismatic people who can influence people with little effort. And that was 27% of the respondents who selected that. So it was very close. And you call them distractors to Explain Yep. A distractor in a, in a, in a survey like a know, so mine was a knowledge survey. So there's a single correct answer. So a distractor is one of the false Got It. Thing or false options in a multiple choice question.


Yeah. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. I guess, yeah, I can't just assume everyone knows what I'm talking about. No, you, you're, you're, and you're teaching me 'cause I'm not an expert in cyber education and social engineering, so please, that's partly why I wanted to have you on the show. Yeah. So I, I guess with this question that I, I just mentioned there was a lot of people who thought that the core element of a, a cult leader is the charisma or, or the fact that they have compelling ideologies, which those are often things that are in place, but that's not what defines a cult leader. What defines it as, You know, the psychopathology where they're abusing people.


Yeah. And that di distinguishes them from benign leaders. Yeah. So, Okay. So the, the third question I wanna talk about was about legal protection. So this is another one of my favorite questions, and I know you wrote your whole dissertation on legal protections and thought reform, You know, covered that in your lit review. So this question asked what legal protections currently exist to protect against psychological manipulation in America? So 7% of people selected the wrong answer to that. It's a federal crime. 12% selected the distractor that it was a state crime in some states, but not all of them. 4% thought it was a state crime in all 50 states.


And 65% selected the correct answer that there are almost no legal protections in America against thought reform. And wow, that's great. Very impressive. Right? Two thirds of people understood that, oh yeah, psychological manipulation, it's a problem, but our legislators aren't doing anything about it. Right? So people do understand what's going on in terms of the current legal landscape and how they, they're left to protect themselves. You know, I thought that the awareness about this would be a lot less. So, again, I was very impressed with, with this question that so many people got Impressed. It's impressive. But I, I, I can't help but comment, Dustin, that I've been attacked by being called brainwashed by Soros and the libtard.


So they think that, that it exists. Only the other side that's critical of Trump is, is getting it. And, and Right. You know, so it's, right. It's, it's confusing for most people, I Suppose. Yeah. I guess just having a basic awareness that psychological manipulation exists doesn't mean that a person's aware of how to detect it. Right. Or, or fully appreciates that it can exist on both sides of the political aisle or that, or all the different contexts, so. Right. Yeah. Good. Okay. Then the last question I wanted to cover was, and this was actually the hardest question on the entire survey in terms of the, the proportion of people that got it incorrect.


So it was, which type of person is most commonly recruited into a psychologically manipulative group? And the first distractor was what people of low intelligence. So only 3% of people selected that. So that's good. 27% selected the correct answer that it's the normal and ordinary. So only a fourth of my respondents got this one correct. The majority, which was 57% said it was the needy independent. And I'll, I'll just stop right here to talk kind of why this is a common misconception. People who are recruited into psychological manipulative groups do become needy independent, but what many people don't realize is that they probably didn't start out at having a dependent personality disorder.


You know, it's pretty rare in the population, right? So the, the overwhelming majority of people that are recruited into these cults have, have a change. Again, it's that change in their personality. And Alexandra Stein's book, Terry Love and Brainwashing is incredible at explaining that, You know, it's about attachment, You know, so pe people develop the trauma bond or the disorganized attachment Yep. As they're getting recruited and, and while they're in the cultic milieu. Yeah. So that why they appear need independent. So again, this Yeah, Go ahead. Yeah. So that, that's why this was probably the most difficult question is people, because, You know, 'cause it's partially correct, You know, that, or it seems partially correct, at least that they have the right idea.


I should say that they, that these call members are needy independent oftentimes, but they got the reasoning wrong as to it's, it wasn't a predisposing factor into the recruitment that was more about deception. So, Exactly. I I was just gonna comment, Alexandra Steen is a social psychologist in the UK and wrote this very good book and connected the dots with attachment disorder. And the, the, the, the other piece is just that it's a dissociative disorder. So the Mooney Steve was dependent, You know, it was a child, You know, personality that was gonna follow the father figure, whatever he said or did.


And the real me would absolutely never do that. Yeah. So it's not a shortcoming of the person's authentic personality. Right? Yeah, Exactly. Alright. Alright. And then the last, the last distractor for this question was that the, the mentally unstable misconception. So only 3% of people selected that one as well. So the most common misconception was the media independent. So very, very interesting. And again, there's many, I I only covered four of the question four, the 47 questions. My, my dissertation is openly available on ProQuest, so people can just search my name and anyone can get a copy for free if they wanna look at the rest of the, at the rest of the questions.


And we're going to do a blog based on this and with, and link it directly to it. So it'll be in my substack. And so I am wondering now that you've completed this, and I know how much work goes into doing a doctorate, what do you wanna see happen? Like talk about your personal curious future reach research goals, and then what you would like to see the field do more of, please. Yeah, I guess the, the first thing that comes to mind is I really hope that I won't remain the only cybersecurity and privacy expert that covers this important topic.


When I was doing my literature review, I saw that there was a master's student who wrote a thesis on psychological warfare. So that was about the closest I came to seeing something related to thought reform Among my colleagues in the field. So, so that's the first thing I would say. But, You know, th thought reform is an, is a multidisciplinary subject. So it doesn't just belong to the cybersecurity and privacy field. It doesn't just belong to social psychology. So I just hope that it, You know, it raises awareness and, and really encourages other researchers in other fields, You know, and not even just my own, You know, expertise, but in other fields that, You know, they can cover this, this topic. You know, you can be the first one.


You know, I, I'm not aware of any other Yeah. Cybersecurity PhDs who have covered this. So Yeah, I'll, I'll add clinical as a therapist that there's, You know, vast numbers of people in need of specialized counseling. But the, the other big thing is public health. There, there's a whole discipline master's and, and PhD level for public health. And I see this as a public health emergency. This is a mind virus coming back to your original comments about the brain as a computing device and the mind can get hacked. So that speaks to the need for inoculation programs for all people to, You know, at least have some filters.


And I offer my influence continuum and bite model just as one, one model. But then, You know, doing, doing training for clinicians, educators, me, media politicians, policy makers, and then what do we do with people coming out of the rabbit hole who are going like, what happened to me? Because they, they need to be reintegrated back into the world and society. Yeah. And, and kind of, kind of what you're suggesting is there's so much work that can be done. And there's, when I think of this through the lens of research, I mean, there's thousands of research ideas and thousands of things that haven't been researched yet.


Even, even just considering the overlap between security and, and thought reform, but also thought reform more generally. 'cause as I alluded to earlier, it's an understudied discipline, and that's part of the reason why it's unmitigated in society largely. So, You know, any, any amount of light that we can shed on this as researchers will be good. I, I do wanna share with your audience several research ideas. You know, I'm one researcher, You know, it would be great if I could, throughout the course of my career, do all of these, You know, write research papers on all of these. But, You know, I'm just one, one guy, You know, one person. So I, and I like competition in this field because it, it helps everyone, You know, this isn't, this isn't about personally bettering myself. This is about protecting humanity, protecting the security and privacy of our minds.


So I, I want people to, You know, pursue these research ideas. So hopefully I can give some research ideas here. The first thing, and this is probably the most obvious future work related to the survey that we were just talking about, is this is one state in the United States, we need these surveys in all 49 states and plus the territories and internationally. Yeah. And the beautiful thing about this is that once we get multiple states, then we can do comparison studies. And eventually if we get enough, we can do a meta-analysis, You know, and, and really start to understand what the, You know, the current state of public awareness about thaw reform and cults really is because we we're in the dark right now, we really don't know. And it's, it's pretty ludicrous to me as a, as a security professional.


Like we we're constantly measuring whether people are aware of phishing, phishing scams, for example. We're, we're constantly testing people, but why are we not doing this for the thing that literally ruins people's lives and drains their bank accounts? And, You know, the minds get hijacked and, You know, this is the, the, the paradigm of influence, You know, talking about thyroid reform. It's the paradigm of influence that causes people to, You know, get involved with human trafficking. Exactly. Like that's so much more devastating than a phone scam or an email scam. Why, why are we focusing more on those things than this other, You know, paradigm of influence that does so much more damage in society? So I really think we need to ramp up education awareness research in, in this area.


So kind of related to that too is literacy studies in specific professions. So do a literacy study among licensed mental health professionals. Do, are they aware of, of salary reform? Do, do they know the best practices for, You know, for for counseling, You know, You know, former cult, cult members, for example, Even identifying whether a client has the background, they don't know. Yeah. That's why I did an online course for them. Yeah. So, and again, you could have specialized curricula for mental health professionals, clergy, You know, law enforcement, medical doctors. I mean, the list goes on and on. And you had mentioned some earlier too, about the specific professions and fields that probably need a more of an awareness about this issue than just kind of the, the lay person friendly curriculum that I developed or curriculum that I developed.


So we'll need specialized curriculum. And, and again, that's, that's across so many different fields that, You know, a single researcher can't do that, You know, so we need, we need more people to get involved. And then I got some other ideas in terms of fully integrating security and privacy research with defending the mind. So for example, psycho, like, I like the term psycho security, psycho privacy. So mind security, mind privacy. I'm not even sure if they appear in the literature, but it's, we need definitions. So what does it mean for someone's mind to be secure? You know, what does it mean to defend the privacy of the mind? And I don't have answers to these questions, and we, this is very foundational, philosophical work.


It, it, it, it, it might sound unimportant, but until we fully define these things, we won't know what we're looking for and whether we've succeeded. So I kind of, You know, really put the, I I kind of jumped the gun a little bit with my research because, You know, I don't think we have the full theoretical foundation yet for, You know, integrating security and, and thought reform or defending the mind in general. But that was a lot, that would've been a lot harder of work than, than my dissertation idea. So Yeah, dissertation committees always want you to chunk it down to something that's actually finishable Right. Within a reasonable amount of time.


Because people have these start out with grandiose ideas and they're like, that'll take 20 years and 20 Yeah. Do Something simple. Yeah. Do something that you can afford that's, that's, You know, just incrementally moving, moving the ball down. The thing I was gonna comment on the law professor Nita Farrah's work on cognitive security, she's been talking about all of these, You know, AirPods and, and virtual reality things, and who's gonna own the data from all of these instruments that are being collected and put it put in the cloud. There's no, there's nothing on that.


And then I'll add that there's a, a graduate student to be Matthew Bywater who's been talking about wanting to create a freedom of the mind human right, that would be more comprehensive, that looks at, at bite model stuff and, and the sub components of that as well. But as we, as you were talking, Dustin, I was thinking about China and Xi and just how authoritarian the whole country is and how they won't allow other cults to exist there. But the whole society is a cult and they have surveillance and, and AI for almost everything.


So what are your thoughts about that as a future since it's so powerful? Yeah. Well this might be related to the idea of surveillance capitalism, which yeah, that way I have not read that book yet, but kind of the idea that, well, let me say this. Privacy is required, is a requirement for having an individual identity and for exercising autonomy. So Say that again, that's really important. Privacy is essential for having autonomy and having an individual identity. So if you look at totalitarian systems, they'll strip people of their privacy. And one thing I wanna mention in in this interview is that a, a very important paper wa was written by a Daniel Solov in 2006 called a Taxonomy of Privacy.


So in that it's a long paper, he explained that there's 16 different ways to harm privacy. And I'll just give a few examples. Surveillance and, and interrogation. So passively or actively gathering information from people sometimes, and with any privacy harm, it's dependent on context. So in, in certain contexts it's, it's wrong. But other privacy harm include blackmail distortion, which is like spreading rumors about people, You know, spreading false information about other people to ruin their reputation. Decisional interference is robbing someone of their autonomy. So that's literally a, a privacy harm. And I won't go through the whole list, but, You know, if you look at these 16 privacy harms, I think that you'd find most, or probably all of them in most thought reform environments.


So when you mentioned China, You know, taking away people's autonomy that there's the social credit system where all this data is being aggregated about people and being used to make decisions about, You know, whether, whether they get certain rights or privileges or not. So I think this could really be a bench benchmark of determining how free a society is. It's looking at the privacy protections, You know, and how many privacy harms are being perpetuated in a society. And privacy is a human right too. I I know you've incorporated, You know, human rights into, into your work and that's enshrined in, in the Declaration of Human Rights. So, And one of Lifton's, You know, eight criteria from 61 was the cult of confession, which not all cults formally get people together and have people stand up and confess all their sins.


But the idea is there's no privacy that the, the group owns and knows everything about your past and can use that information if you get out of line or to punish you or Yeah. That connects the black, the blackmail harm. Yeah. Which can really, I mean, again, then, then blackmail can be used to limit people's autonomy 'cause Absolutely. Yep. Yeah, So I wish, I wish I, you could get a huge grant and get a whole bunch of students and I would love to see like an evaluation done on propaganda videos.


Like in particular, this morning I was reading a Rolling Stone article about how RFK Junior, who's been selected by Trump to head the health and human services that he admitted be funding the pandemic video and anti-VAX videos. And I've talked to people who got converted to Q Anon because of watching those, just from watching it. And for me, when I watched it, it seemed hypnotic at places. It had people pretending, You know, who asserted their, an expertise they didn't have.


And, and, and, and typically with propaganda, you say something true, you say another thing that's true, and then you slip in something that's unverifiable and, and then you go back to something that's true. And then you put something in that's outrageous, but then you put something in that's true and you're like sandwiching in these false beliefs and, and at such a fast rate that consciously people don't have time to, unless you're pausing the video and looking it up, it's just coming in. So I'd love to see something like that done for a doctoral dissertation to like analyze.


Yeah. And I, I guess what I would say in terms of how security and privacy professionals can help with that is we're really specialists in developing, researching and deploying security and privacy controls. That's one thing we focus on in the entire field is what are the tools and techniques we can use to mitigate risk. And we need, we call them control libraries and frameworks. So you need to have categories of what these tools and techniques are, and then specific implementation ideas and technologies that you can use. So we need these frameworks for psycho security and psycho privacy. So we would have lists of controls that we could put in place for mitigating propaganda, for example, You know, the, the example that you were just talking about.


But I, I feel like in the social psychology field, they do talk about defense. You know, for example, there's inoculation theory, which, You know, has applications for defending people against propaganda. And I, I guess for your listeners, if they're not familiar with inoculation theory, that's when you present a weakened form of influence to someone to help protect them against something similar. So you can do it for like gang recruitment or Yeah. Propaganda videos, et cetera. So, so that's one, yeah. Testimonies of former members can serve that function to a certain extent. Have them tell their story of the step by step and where they, where they got tricked or where they got manipulated. Yeah. So I guess where, where I was going with that is that social psychologists do study defensive controls, but they might not be developing comprehensive frameworks in a way that security and privacy professionals naturally, You know, that's how we naturally think, You know, we want, You know, these broad frameworks that we can share with people so that they can have kind of a menu of different things that they can implement to protect themselves.


So, and, and organ, You know, we, we typically focus on organizations, but in terms of, You know, psycho security and psycho privacy, maybe it's, i I don't know if that's mainly something that would happen at the organization or, I mean, definitely the societal level, but it's also a personal issue. You know, a person has to put in place controls for themselves and their loved ones. So it's more personal than, You know, cybersecurity. You know, not giving your underage kid a smartphone, right. Putting, not letting them have a computer in their bedroom and having it in the, in the living room where you can monitor their use and all kinds of interesting things. Can I ask you about AI agents?


Because we are very aware that these are, You know, just trillions of dollars are being poured into this, this area, but there doesn't seem to be any ethical frameworks. It's just more like, You know, how do you get more time and attention from the person signing up or whatever? Yeah, this kind of connects back to where, what I was alluding to earlier, that we don't have sufficient privacy laws in our country so that it's gonna, that would help the situation. 'cause if they're, if they cover, if they're comprehensive privacy laws, they can cover, You know, all contexts. So that's one thing I would recommend.


I'm not an expert on AI policy or AI ethics. I do have a personal interest in, in ai, I use chat GPT personally, I think it's a, it's a wonderful technology. Of course, many risks associated with the development of ai. And the one thing I would recommend to anyone who's using these chat bots is just treat them like you would if you're interacting with a person, You know, a person can lie to you or give you false information. The AI chat bot often does the same. So just be, You know, I, it was, it was indispensable for helping me prepare my data analysis for my dissertation. Actually, it, it does well of teaching code and that's one of the best applications for it. 'cause if the code doesn't work, You know it right away, You know?


But asking you about other things is more risky, right. Because it can give you false information, which you might not know right away, whether yeah. Whether it's false or not. So it's a large language model that it's, that it's working off of. And Wikipedia is, is rife with bad information in the field of cults and brainwashing and mind control. So they hallucinate they make up stuff, but it's because it's being fed junk. Yeah. Actually this is a great research idea too. The intersection of these large language models and cult education. You know, like what if we developed a curriculum for chat GPT and then asked it questions about what is thought reform or how would you define it?


Or what type of person's recruited into a cult? And see does it give out the right answers, You know, or does it give out false information? So I'm not aware of any studies that have done that. Yeah, I've done, I've experimented a little bit and then I abandoned it 'cause I just don't have the funds or the time. But I, I I, I paid for a, a, a bot from MIT AI lab affiliations and I uploaded 2 million words of my writings and my lectures and my courses and everything else. So instead of it drawing upon the, the, the general information of the world, it just had Steve Hassan's expertise on the subject.


And I, You know, was thinking that it would be a great tool for people to come to my website and ask questions and such. But even that was not to the level that I felt comfortable using and stopped paying the a hundred dollars a month. 'cause it was getting expensive to pay for that. Yeah. Well it's definitely a research field that should be picked up by, by people. Yeah. Because, You know, using AI to spread the word about, You know, educating people and inoculating the public, if there can be a beneficial, a application of that, we should be utilizing it. So are you teaching now?


What are you doing? Are you working for a private firm? What are your Plans? I'm currently resting after the dissertation. You know, it's a five year long journey. Yes, good. Currently figuring out what, You know, in terms of employment and, and what I wanna do, I guess what I would say is I'm, I I will be pursuing more federal reform research heading into the future. I don't have any specific projects going on right now. Again, I'm kind of in a, in a resting phase, but, Well, I'll publicly invite you. I'm a fielding fellow. That's where I did my disserta, You know, my doctoral work at Fielding Graduate University. And that gives me access to grants and, You know, fielding will get a big chunk of it, but it's a nonprofit and we could get grants.


So I'm extending a freedom of mind handshake to you if you wanna do something together. Maybe it's a matter of just thinking what next and writing a grant proposal and submitting it and Well, no, I, I definitely appreciate level. Yeah. And You know, because, and this is probably no mystery to most of your listeners, but thought reform is a controversial issue and topic. I won't go into too much detail, but it was hard to pursue it as a dissertation topic because there's a lot of red, I mean, there's red tape and research for universities in general, but there's a lot of skepticism about whether it was an appropriate topic for several reasons.


That's all I'll say though. But, so getting grants for something like that through traditional channels might be quite difficult because I don't think so. No. Okay. I don't, I mean, there was, but I, I, when I did my lit review, I was shocked and I shouldn't have been, but I was just shocked at how much these sociologists of religion who were, You know, advancing the no such thing as brainwashing and no such thing as thought reform and existed in the literature. But what's shifting in the years since I finished my dissertation in 2020, is there's more former members who are mental health professionals and pursuing advanced degrees, doing articles and, and research studies.


And it's so obvious that people are believing the earth is flat or there are green reptiles or that, You know, just so ma it's not just conspiracy theories, but the actual cults, online cults. So I don't think it'll be hard to get a grant if it's something you're interested in. And, and, and I don't think it's controversial. I think people who are doing mind control don't want the public to be informed. So they may try to sabotage right. Or sensor. But, but You know, science needs to advance even if, even if there are those in power that say, no, no, no, we can't go there.


So as we're wrapping up, any other points you'd like to share with my, my listeners? I, I gave, or what I like to talk about? Kind of what, what, You know, when I wrap up an interview like this is that it's important to maintain hope. You know, thought reform is, I mean, it's a traumatizing subject to, to deal with. And I mean to think about, You know, just inherently, You know, thinking about human, human beings abusing each other. And I'm kind of in the wake of our most recent election here in our country, You know, and Donald Trump returning to off office. There's probably a lot of people feeling hopeless or, You know, despairing about the future of our country.


And, You know, the totalitarians want us to lose hope. So the most major thing we can do by to, to resist is to maintain hope, You Know? Yeah. And I'll add to have community in real life with real people that You know, and trust and, and, and lean on each other and, You know, be in nature, listen to music, go dancing, play with animals that you love, You know, puppies and cats and whatever your kids, and do things that bring us back to the human experience. Yeah. Taking care of yourself and the people around you. Yeah. In pets, those are all you can, I like to frame those.


They, they are forms of resistance, You know, against the totalitarian influences. 'cause they want us to be miserable, You know, so we, we, You know, take care of ourselves, maintain hope that that's my Message. Yeah. And a lot of people are learning not to be on their fricking phone for 10 hours a day. And certainly not to be up all night because sleep is critical for our immune system and for our brain to reset. So to really learns, You know, hygiene mind hygiene techniques. Yeah. Limiting social media use or, or even deleting social media apps. Actually in the wake of Cambridge Analytic, I deleted my Facebook. That's, that's how disturbed I was. But I, I do very, very much limit and believe in limiting social media use.


'cause you hear about these teenagers that spend like 6, 7, 8 hours a day on social media and You know, that's not healthy, You know? Right. So Yeah. Make real friends in the real world. So, Dustin Stein Hagen, thank you so much Defending the security of the Mind. A male survey, survey of thought reform literacy in South Dakota, newly minted PhD in, in in Cyber expert. Thank you so much. Yeah, it's been a pleasure, Dr. Hassan. That's it for today's episode of The Influence Continuum.


I've been your host, Dr. Steven Hasson. Theme music for the podcast is by Nasser Mallek. To keep up to date with me and happenings that I think are important, please visit my website@freedomofmind.com. There you'll find in-depth articles about cults, mind control, and other relevant topics. You can also find me on Twitter and Instagram at Cult Expert. If you want to develop a comprehensive understanding of these topics. I highly recommend my books, combating Cult, mind Control, freedom of Mind, and the Cult of Trump in that order.


These books are a culmination of 45 plus years of experience and will really help you grasp the complex web of undue influence. I have also launched a new nine hour online course for anyone interested in a deep dive into issues related to recovering from undue influence in all forms. While this course is designed for clinicians, everyone can benefit, remember, love is stronger than mind control. And thanks for listening.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com today.