
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going. Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit shopify.com to upgrade your selling today.


Ryan Reynolds here for I guess my hundredth mint commercial. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I mean, honestly, when I started this, I thought I only have to do like four of these. I mean, it's unlimited to premium wireless for $15 a month. How there's still people paying two or three times that much. I'm sorry, I shouldn't be victim blaming here. Give it a try at mid mobile.com/save. Whenever you're ready. $45 Upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only. Taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Slower, above 40 gigabytes. C details.


Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request. an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year's. Start your move@opendoor.com or download the opendoor app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc license 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California, an Open Door brokerage, LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Ford Pro Fin Simple offers flexible financing solutions for all kinds of businesses, whether you're an electrician or run an organic farm, because we know that your business demands financing that works when you need it. Like when your landscaping company lands a new account. Wherever you see your business headed. Ford Pro Fin Simple can help you pursue it with financing solutions today. Get started at ford pro.com/financing.


Stop, stop, stop. Had enough kick out, mucus and quiet the cough with Mucinex 12 hour DM for long lasting cough and chest congestion relief by Mucinex. 12 hour DM at your local retailer uses directed.


Let me just go over with you some data right now. right now, the unemployment rate is currently about 4.1% the lowest since 1968. Inflation is low at 2.2%. GDP growth is the best in the world. The financial markets are soaring hitting 71 record highs this year. President Biden cut the deficit by one third. We're experiencing a manufacturing boom because of things like the inflation reduction act, the infrastructure act, the CHIPS act, which by the way, Donald Trump's top surrogate said that the Republicans would repeal right away if Donald Trump got into office.


As at Leah, the trader says, who put together this nice summary? America doesn't need to be great again. America is great right now, but anyway, that's not even the campaign that Donald Trump is running. Trump is running a campaign saying America is currently a garbage can. He's saying America is trash. He's saying America right now is suffering from a depression. It isn't. And I wanna make this video a bit interactive because I requested that the Midas Mighty provide their own personal experiences, which you did by the thousands. And I'm gonna share some of that with you. I do wanna show you a headline about a depression right here. The New York Times US unemployment is the worst it's ever been since the Depression.


You know when the last time that was when Trump was in office, when he was an absolute disaster, the stock market hit record lows each day and joblessness soared under Donald Trump. So Donald Trump's been rooting. He's been trying to have a depression take place right now so that he could run as an authoritarian and say, I will fix it. We have receipts. Do you remember when Donald Trump was doing this interview and he came right out and said it? He said, he hopes the economy crashes before the election. Bad for America, good for Trump. That's what he said. That's how he sees it.


You could watch for yourself Play the clip When there's a crash. I hope it's gonna be during this next 12 months because I don't want to be Herbert Hoover the one president. I just don't want be Herbert over. Now, I'm not gonna show you a a bunch of these clips because I could show you literally every single rally that Donald Trump has done, even the 2020 election, he was saying this over and over again. He would say, if you don't make me your authoritarian leader, he goes, if you don't elect me, the stock market is going to crash. You will have a 1929 style depression. Enjoy it. Here he is saying that, enjoy it. He says, here, play this clip With four more years of commonly.


Your finances will never recover. They will only get worse. They're only gonna get worse. The stock market and, and you have some of the most brilliant people on Wall Street saying this, the stock market is only up because they think I'm going to win. And if we don't win, according to many people, including one of the greatest Wall Street prognosticators name Scott Besant. Has anyone heard of him? One of the most brilliant guys on Wall Street, if I don't win, you will have a 1929 style depression. Enjoy it. I believe that.


I believe that. I believe it. And now Donald Trump has changed his messaging when he was in Michigan on Friday, this past Friday. He says, we're currently in a depression right now. now vote for me and I will get you out of this great depression. Watch this. We're in a depression. You better hope you vote for me 'cause I'm gonna get you out of it fast. But under these losers, We are not in a depression right now. As the financial time says, us consumers keep economy on course as election looms. The Wall Street Journal's headline doesn't give credit to Biden or Harris, but it says, whoever wins the presidency will inherit a booming economy.


I wonder why that's happening. Maybe it's because of the policies of the current Biden Harris administration. Let's talk about the manufacturing boom. Excluding Covid losses in recovery, Biden's added over two times. Even if you exclude that Biden's added over two times as many auto industry jobs as Trump. No doubt about which party has done more to help the auto industry. As Kyle sweeter posts this graph, Kyle sweeter was a two-time Trump voter who's now supporting Vice President Kamala Harris. But as he says, US manufacturing and construction spending was flat under Donald Trump. And right now there is a manufacturing boom under President Biden.


Has any, has America ever had a manufacturing investment boom as big as the one that starred under Biden as billionaire Kamala Harris supporter, mark Cuban says, facts, take a look at this. Job creation is much faster under Biden than Trump, no matter how you slice it and adjust it. Even since pre pandemic jobs peak regained in June, 2022. So even if you excluded the pandemic, the post pandemic recovery, even if you gave Donald Trump a fricking mulligan, but who gives leaders mulligans, it's like the ultimate privilege. Let's just excuse his poor leadership. Biden would still be doing massively better. Take a look at what Simon Rosenberg previously posted, and this was a stat that Bill Clinton talked about undisputed at the Democratic National Convention, 52 million jobs have been created since 1989.


50 million of the 52 million jobs have been created under Democratic presidents, basically all of them. When Donald Trump was in office, he lost jobs other than Herbert Hoover. Sometimes I know you refer to Donald Trump as pervert Hoover. Donald Trump's the only president to lose jobs. But just compare these numbers under Clinton, Obama, and Biden. About 50 million jobs created. Now just take a look at jobs created by President Average per month. Just take a look at this. You'll see over there, Donald Trump is a net loser. Biden Harris have gained more jobs than any other president by month.


Oh, you want to go where Donald Trump's says drill baby, drill drill, baby drill. It's my planner. When he goes frack, frack, frack like a duck. Frock, frock, frack like a duck. Want to actually talk about stats us Crude oil production has officially hit records under Biden Harris. 13.4 million barrels per day. Joe Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris achieved Trump's goal for the US to be the world's biggest oil producer. Bringing thousands of jobs to oil producing states daily oil production has increased by 22% over the last four years. Since 2008, production has skyrocket 350% from 3.8 million barrels per day.


The US is now the world's largest oil producer.


Support for today's episode comes from iHerb. iHerb offers the best curated selection of wellness products at the best possible value across categories like supplements, sports, nutrition, groceries, and beauty. It's your one stop shop for all your health and wellness needs. iHerb really cares about what's inside every bottle, whether it's part of your morning routine, your workout cool down, or your self-care rituals. They test and verify everything to make sure what's inside matches the label. Their site is super easy to navigate too. You could search by category, brand, or even specific needs like circulatory or digestive support. You could also narrow your search by ratings, price, or diet preferences like vegan. They've thought of everything. I've been using iHerb recently and it's become a huge part of my health routine. I love their range of products, especially in sports nutrition and supplements. My favorite so far has been their California Gold Nutrition. Hydration up. It's the perfect thing for rehydrating after a workout so I could get the electrolytes my body needs. The quality is always top-notch, and I love how quick and easy it is to find exactly what I need. iHerb offers over 50,000 products across a variety of categories, including supplements, beauty and groceries. You could trust that your products will arrive in perfect condition because iHerb ships from climate controlled fulfillment centers in the us plus they ship to over 180 countries. All products are sourced directly from the brands or authorized distributors, so you never have to worry about third party sellers. And in the US you get free shipping on orders over $30 plus if you have any questions. They're 24 7. Customer support has you covered. Our listeners get 22% off their first order when you use code Midas at iHerb dot com slash shop slash midas. Existing customers receive 15% off. That's 22% off your first order at iHerb dot com slash shop slash midas. Use promo code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. Choose iHerb because wellness matters.


But now I wanna show you how Fox is presenting this stuff because when Fox shows, 'cause it's a business network, they have to show the market closing at these records. They then cut to their commentary, Larry Klaw, who they'll first say, look, there's new stock market records today. And then they'll go, well, vice President Kamala broke the economy. Trump will fix it. There are record highs right now. Here play this clip. You Are hearing those closing bells again a little bit higher. Pretty much on all of the indices, not quite at records, but trying to get closer. That'll do it for claiming countdown cut lows. Next.


Hello folks, welcome to cudlow. I'm Larry Kudlow. So President Trump electrifying strong closing message to the nation. Last night at Madison Square Garden, Kamala broke it. Trump will fix it. We Have Now, let me just share with you, if you're like, oh, Ben, you must be this lefty because you're giving me data and fact because I must be so lefty of you. Relax. Let me give you, let me show you right here what Nikki Haley said, you wanna know the cause of inflation. You wanna know who added more debt? Trump $8 trillion in debt. You don't want to take my word for it. Take Nikki Haley's word for it. Play the clip. I don't care about polls what I care about. The fact is that no one is telling the American people the truth. The truth is that Biden didn't do this to us.


Our Republicans did this to us too. When they passed that $2.2 trillion covid stimulus bill, they left us with 90 million people on Medicaid. 42 million people on food stamps. No one has told you how to fix it. I'll tell you how to fix it. They need to stop the spending. They need to stop the borrowing. They need to eliminate the earmarks that Republicans brought back in. And they need to make sure they understand these are taxpayer dollars. It's not their dollars. And while they're all saying this, you have Ron DeSantis, you've got Tim Scott, you've got Mike Pence. They all voted to raise the debt. And Donald Trump added 8 trillion to our debt. And our kids are never gonna forgive us for this. And so at the end of the day, you look at the 2024 budget, Republicans asked for 7.4 billion in earmarks.


Democrats asked for 2.8 billion. So you tell me who are the big spenders? I think it's time for an accountant in the White House Vice President. Okay? You don't wanna take my word or Nikki Halley's word for it. Why don't you take Ron DeSantis word for it where he says that Donald Trump added 7.8 trillions of dollars, 7.8 trillion in debt, and that's what caused inflation. Play this clip. And you know who else is missing an action? Donald Trump is missing an action. He should be on this stage tonight. He owes it to you to defend his record where they added 7.8 trillion to the debt that set the stage for the inflation that we have now. So yeah, Donald Trump can keep doing these ridiculous stunts where he's dressed as garbage truck drivers or whatever, but your social security's on the line.


Your healthcare is on the line. Your jobs are on the line. This isn't a game. Just take a look at what Trump's impact on social security would be. Under all independent analysts analysis, social security would run out in six years undisputed under Donald Trump. So under Trump, you will lose your social security. Or if you've paid into it and you're expecting to get it, you won't have it. You want to take a look and compare on an independent basis who's gonna add more to the deficit? Vice President Kamala Harris or Donald Trump. This is what happens when you submit the policy proposals of both candidates to similar scrutiny. This is what Justin Wolffer said, effects of Harris and Trump policy proposals on the federal budget.


You see what Trump would do? The red line. That means add billions and trillions of dollars, a more deficit, trillions of dollars, a more deficit. Donald Trump's economic proposals at best. The best case scenario, it increases the federal deficit by $5.8 trillion. And some say it could go as high as $15 trillion based on Donald Trump's reckless policies right there. And again, what was announced on Friday? Well, MAGA Mike Johnson, Donald Trump's top surrogate and the Speaker of the House, the MAGA Republican Speaker of the House says that the first thing he's gonna do in addition to get rid of Obamacare. I reported on that.


I showed the clip of that. Go back and watch it. I'm not gonna keep playing clips that I've showed you before. He said he would repeal Obamacare, get rid of Obamacare. He said that in Pennsylvania. Here Johnson days after coming out to repeal the Affordable Care Act is now rolling out that he will repeal the CHIPS Act, which has created so many jobs here by bringing the semiconductor industry back to the United States of America. Again, that would be devastating in swing states. The CHIPS Act has led to that manufacturing boom that I showed you. So we asked for your comments at the Midas Touch Network to all the Midas Mighty. We said, look, based on the way the market is and the economy is, I said, ask yourself, where is your 401k today?


And where was it under Donald Trump? And an easier one is to say, where was your toilet paper under Donald Trump? We didn't even have toilet paper then. 'cause there was a mass casualty event of Donald Trump's response was, COVID is a hoax. He said first, then he said like a miracle, it's all going to go away. Then he declared victory when it was rising at the beginning, we did it. He said, we did it. What are you talking about? So you responded to me. Here are some of the responses. Let me read some. One person wrote under Trump, I couldn't write off my student loan payment anymore under Biden Harris. My loans have been forgiven. Someone else writes, my taxes went up $6,000 under Trump because he eliminated deductions I used so he could fund his billionaire welfare program.


Richard Williams said I couldn't retire under Trump because the economy was in the toilet. I finally retired six months ago after locking in my investments after a 22.5% gain. No way do I want the orange turd back in office again. Someone else writes to me, Ben. While Trump was in office, I lost $200,000 for my lifelong investments under Biden. I rebounded, and it's growing again. Someone else wrote, I almost lost my entire 401k under Donald Trump. Now I'm retired, but had to take another job as my savings were so depleted. Trump will take American's money away so he can. He can just as he does, his followers who are mostly low income. Someone else wrote, I sold all my stocks in my retirement portfolios a few weeks ago with huge profits.


Thank you. Biden Nessa writes 4 0 1 KIRA up 17% from the losses of the Trump administration, my student loan debt forgiveness after 25 more payments because of the Biden Harris plan and my overall mental health is 1000% better. I have already voted for vice president Kamala Harris. Someone else wrote, Deborah goes. I can tell you that my 401k lost 30% when Trump was president. Now in 2024, my 401k has increased by 15%. The best money has done. I do not know where Donald Trump gets his stats and graphs, but he's incorrect. He's such a grifter. I do not understand how anyone can believe what he says. Another comment, our retirement accounts lost a combined $350,000 under Trump under President Biden and VP Harris.


We have recouped our losses and continue to make gains. I dread the thought of what another four years of Trump's idiotic policies will do to my retirement. Now that we're retired, we don't have a bunch of time to recoup the losses. He would most surely cause. And he writes, I have 235,000 in my 401k as of today. I made 35,000 in just the last four months. Thank you Biden Harris, and the Democrats for the infrastructure bill that made that happen. Jason goes, I definitely paid more taxes under Trump. Theresa goes, I was able to retire. Thank you. Biden Harris surely goes. My CD interest has been the highest it's ever been for the last three years. I couldn't sleep at night during the Trump years. I've slept like a baby for the past four years.


Thank you, Biden. Andy goes, since January, 2024 to present, I'm at approximately 18% with my s and p 500 investments veterans for Kamala. Ted goes, I lost a 2,500 mortgage tax de tax deduction from the Trump tax bill. That's $10,000 over four years. Despite that, my portfolio is now up 400% for four from four years ago. Thanks, Joe. If someone else goes, hubby's able to retire at the end of this year because his 401k reached our goal. Yay. 40 years at Chrysler, this proud United auto worker, Michigan family bloated, voted blue all the way. Someone else goes. Our investments have been doing very well the past years.


Someone else goes 401k up, almost replaces Trump error losses. I still have student debt thanks to Republicans and I will never forget or forgive future Republicans when I vote. After Obama's momentum was diffused by Trump's ineptness. Everyone's 401k tanked doing better than ever. Now let's keep it going with Harris Walls. Someone else goes. My 401k finally rebounded under Don convict. It went down, down, down. I can't afford four more years of that misogynist. Jake goes, or Jackie goes under the administration. I paid off all my consumer debt. My husband and I paid for our wedding in cash. We were able to save for a house. We bought our first house. I enrolled and completed my master's degree program and our 4 0 1 ks never looked better.


I mean, I, I, you get it. I have thousands more stories like that I could share. And I wanted to share those with you because I feel like, you know, all of the corporate media wants to present this like doom and gloom. If Trump was in office, we'd be saying, this is a golden age, the biggest and best the economy's ever been. And look, vice President Kamala Harris and President Biden are not spike the football people. They know there's a lot of work to be done. Donald Trump has enabled massive amounts of price gouging. Donald Trump's stupid policies, reckless printing of money, adding $8 trillion to our debt caused serious issues. Donald Trump's tax plan caused serious issues. It has to be phased in.


So Donald Trump got the benefit of Obama's eight years that lasted about two, two and a half years. The Trump tax policies then started to phase in CI hit where it was a mass casualty event. So the impact of all the Trump crazy, horrible stuff starts happening in the beginning of the Biden administration like a poison pill. Biden takes swift action like a surgeon or a firefighter to either stop the bleeding or put out the fire. And all we've heard were these MAGA Republicans and their corporate media enablers continuing to just say, oh, the doctor who saves the day is actually the one who caused the problem. The firefighter who's put out the fire is actually the arsonist.


Enough of that crap, that's not what's happened. We need sane common sense economic policy. We need experts in charge, not Donald Trump and 3000% tire of tire. We don't need that. Let's get smart people. You see it right there. You can judge for yourself. And no, I don't want you to lose your social security. I don't want you to lose your healthcare. I don't want you to lose the jobs. I don't want you to have your taxes increased like Trump's plan. Those are what his plans are. They're saying it out loud. So look, we got a few more days. Make sure you're out there to vote. Show this video to people who are undecided. Let them see the stats and the data. We went through 'em together in a very meticulous way.


Show people the stats and the data and get them out to vote. Please and share your stories in the comments below. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to four million subscribers together. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter letter.