
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock. Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply


When you check out at the pharmacy. You see the journey from idea to medicine thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at PhRMA dot org slash ip works wonders.


This episode is brought to you by GE Healthcare. GE Healthcare sees possibilities through innovation. They are partnering with their customers to fulfill healthcare's greatest potential through groundbreaking medical technology, intelligent devices and care solutions just like they have for over 125 years. The technology they're mastering today will help make care more personalized tomorrow. Find out more@gehealthcare.com.


With Lululemon, the real gift happens when they're living in it. When you give them the softest loungewear set. The real gift is this and this and this. This holiday Lululemon makes it easy to give a gift that goes beyond. Open the moment. Shop now@lululemon.com.


Screw ball peanut butter whiskey. Why the hell not? A little salty, a little sweet, a little savory, and always smooth. Screw ball, the original peanut butter whiskey. That's unexpectedly delicious. Visit screwball whiskey.com to learn more. That's screwball with a K. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2023 Screwball Spirits. LLC, New York, New York.


I think people south of the border are beginning to wake up to the real reality that tariffs on everything from Canada would make life a lot more expensive from for Americans. We continue our reporting on world leaders standing up against Donald Trump, asserting their nation's sovereignty and pushing back saying, you threaten us. We threaten you. We'll be nice, but don't disrespect our nations. You're seeing right there. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada. He did take a trip to Mar-a-Lago a few weeks back to try to explain to Donald Trump what tariffs are. But we see Justin Trudeau, prime Minister of Canada escalating right now his response to Donald Trump piece by piece.


So Donald Trump gets the message. I'll show you a longer version of that video in just a moment. So you see, I think how articulate and reasonable Prime Minister Trudeau is being right here. Here's how it's being reported in the United States, though Donald Trump taunts Trudeau with new title as he continues tariffs push the great state of Canada, Trump to Trudeau. I look forward to seeing the governor again soon. Donald Trump calling the Prime Minister of Canada, a governor of the United States and saying that Canada is now the 51st state.


Nothing says Donald Trump chaos. And Donald Trump offending our allies like Trump at midnight, making social media posts attacking Canada and mocking its leaders. I mean, Canada's are one of our greatest trading partners here in the United States, as is Mexico. So Donald Trump's going to what alienate and isolate us from our top trading partners while curing favor to Victor Orban of Hungary. Are you kidding me? Because Victor Orban of Hungary got a warm welcome at Mar-a-Lago as Elon Musk greeted him and was conducting apparently official business for the United States.


Even though Elon Musk is an unelected bureaucrat who is now saying that he wants Americans to face economic hardship. Donald Trump posted the following on his social media platform. It was a pleasure and this this is what he posted yesterday around midnight. It was a pleasure to have dinner the other night with Governor Justin Trudeau of the great state of Canada. I look forward to seeing the governor again soon so that we may continue our in-depth talks on tariffs and trade, the results of which we'll be truly spectacular for all DJT. Again, mocking the prime minister of Canada right there.


Here's what Justin Trudeau said in his full remarks at the Halifax Chamber of Commerce. Watch this. This is actual statesmanship right here and someone who's being careful and diplomatic with their words here play this clip. First of all, let's not kid ourselves any way, shape or form. 25% tariffs on everything going to the United States would be devastating for the Canadian economy. It would require us to pull together and support each other and hang in there to prevent just horrific losses in all of our communities for everyone.


They would also however, mean real hardship for Americans as well. Americans import 65% of their crude oil from Canada, significant amounts of electricity just about all the natural, natural gas exported from Canada goes to the United States. They rely on us for steel and aluminum. They rely on us for a range of agricultural imports. All of those things would get more expensive now, for years, Americans have been paying more for their homes than they should because of unjust tariffs on softwood lumber.


Maybe this level of tariffs will actually have them realize that this is something they are doing to themselves. And President Trump got President-elect. Trump got elected on a commitment to make life better and more affordable for Americans. And I think people south of the border are beginning to wake up to the real reality that tariffs on everything from Canada would make life a lot more expensive from for Americans. So that's part of the argument. The other part is we will, of course, as we did eight years ago, respond to unfair tariffs in a number of ways, and we're still looking at the right ways to respond, but our responses to the unfair steel and aluminum tariffs were what ended up lifting those tariffs last time.


It wasn't that Americans were paying more for their steel and aluminum, although that was annoying to some people in the States. It was the fact that we put tariffs on bourbon and Harley Davidsons and playing cards and Heinz ketchup and cherries and a number of other things that were very carefully targeted because they were, they were politically impactful to the President's party and colleagues was how we were able to punch back in a way that was, that was actually felt by Americans. But we know a few things about Donald Trump. First of all, we know that when he says these things, he means them.


But at the same time, we also know that his approach will often be to challenge people, to destabilize a negotiating partner, to offer uncertainty, and even sometimes a bit of chaos into the well-established hallways of democracies and institutions. And one of the most important things for us to do is not to freak out, not to panic. Now, knowing that yes, these would be absolutely devastating means we have to take them seriously, but it does mean we have to be thoughtful and strategic.


Not go around making our opponent's arguments for him, but making our arguments.


I've been trying to lose some weight lately and get a little healthier. And I'll tell you what's been a key for me. It's called Prolon, and a lot of our viewers say it's changed their life. So forget everything you know about fasting. I want to tell you about Prolon by lra. It's the only patented fasting mimicking diet that combines the benefits of prolonged fasting with science-backed nutrition plans so you can hit your health and weight loss goals without actually having to give up all the food. So introducing Prolon, it's a revolutionary plant-based program. It nourishes the body while making cells believe they're fasting research and developed for decades at the University of Southern California Longevity Institute. By the way, I teach at USC law. It's backed by leading us medical centers. Prolon helps promote healthy blood sugar supports cardiovascular health and it reduces abdominal fat. But Prolon isn't a diet. Prolon is a science science based on Nobel Prize winning discoveries in medicine. It all starts with Prolon five day program snack, soups and beverages. They're all designed to keep your body in a fasting state unlike anything you've ever experienced. I did the five day program. I feel so much better, feel more energy. And the thing is, it's not a diet, it's a science, and it was convenient. They sent me everything I needed all in one box. I followed the directions. It was great. No wonder thousands of doctors are now recommending Prolon to support healthy blood sugar and cardiovascular health. So right now, Prolon is offering the Midas Touch Podcast listeners 15% off their five day nutrition program. So go to Prolon life.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. That's P-R-O-L-O-N-L-I-F e.com/midas Prolon life.com/midas for this special offer. Thanks, Prolon. That's Prolon life.com/midas. Check it out.


On the other hand, you have Donald Trump making chaotic social media posts throughout the day, like this one right here. He posts this photo of President Biden, and then Donald Trump goes, Biden nos, you pay taxes. I send it to Ukraine. They send it back to Hunter. Hunter gives it to me. Pardon, hunter. How omics works. I mean, again, one this obsession with Hunter. Two, the utter lies. Here, let me tell you how Trump omics works. Trump rips you off. Oh, you thought there was a part two? No. He just rips you off and steals and takes your freaking money and gives it to him and his billionaire friends.


But mostly he takes it for himself, Donald. It's what Donald Trump's posting as well, just so you see. And Elon Musk is reposting it. Donald Trump goes, any person or company investing $1 billion or more in the United States of America will receive fully expedited approvals and permits, including, but in no way limited to all environmental approvals. Get ready to rock, exclamation point. Then some account on Twitter. Now X goes bullish on America, and that Elon Musk goes, this is awesome. You're saying a billion dollars means that people can get whatever they want.


So there's no environmental regulation. So people die of cancer and people get toxic chemicals dumped on them by billionaires. I mean, he's saying it in the post I'm going to. I mean, just think about what he's saying. He's saying, I'm gonna tariff countries, which means I'm gonna impose the tax on American corporations and increase the price of your goods. That's number one what he's saying. Number two, he's saying, I'm gonna do bloody mass deportations. I'm gonna separate families. I'm gonna make it public and bloody and violent. That's what he's saying. And then he's saying over here as well, that I'm going to dump toxic waste on you If you got a billion dollars. I don't give a crap about how healthy you are.


And by the way, with the healthcare plan, as he said on Meet the Press over the weekend, oh, I've got concepts. I got concepts of a plan, concepts of a plan while taking away your healthcare. Are you kidding me? But Donald Trump just defending country after country, right? I mean, he appointed as the Ambassador of France, a convicted felon, his daughter's father-in-law, Charles Kushner, who Donald Trump pardoned now the Ambassador of France. You know that Charles Kushner pled guilty in connection with federal election law violations back in the early two thousands.


And also one of the things he did was witness tampering. Charles Kushner set up his own brother-in-law with the prostitute, and then sent a video of his brother-in-law and the prostitute to his sister to try to get his brother-in-law and sister, not to testify against them. Chris Christie was the prosecutor at the time in New Jersey, Donald Trump appointed as his mid East envoy. Tiffany Trump's father-in-law. Now, Donald Trump appointed Don Jr's ex-fiancee or ex-girlfriend, or I'm not sure what her relationship to is anymore. Kimberly Gilfoyle is now the ambassador of Greece. We learned earlier in the day from reports from the Daily Mail, which got these photographs, Don Jr.


With apparently his new girlfriend, Bettina Anderson in Palm Beach, a a socialite in the areas she's being described. He Don Jr. Holds her hands. People have seen them out and about, and as soon as that was released, we now learn Kimberly Gilfoyle becomes the ambassador to Greece. I guess when she said the best is yet to come, that is what she was referring to. Let me just show you this right here. This is President Biden. This was from a few weeks back. Here's what President Biden had to say about our relations with our closest allies, Mexico and Canada play this clip. But I think it's a counterproductive thing to do.


You know, look, one of the things we've heard me say before that we, we, we, we have a unusual situation in America. We're surrounded by the Pacific Ocean, the Atlantic Ocean, and two allies, Mexico and Canada. And the last thing we need to do is begin to screw up those relationships. Going back to this poll from June 12th, 2024, this was a Pew Research, Paul that found 31 of 34 countries worldwide had more confidence in Joe Biden than Donald Trump. The overall margin is plus 15, but in countries like Germany, France, Japan, Canada, Mexico, and the uk, Biden led by a whopping 27 point lead.


But Donald Trump is ahead in Russia, Hungary, and countries like that. So that's why Donald Trump's inviting Victor Orban while offending our allies. Trudeau, in that speech that he gave did praise the premier of Halifax, Scott Mo, for helping him the first go around with the tariffs imposed on the US during the Trump administration. Number one, one of the things that Canada did there was they impose their tariffs strategically against American corporations that would be politically harmful to politicians that supported Trump's tariffs.


Harley Davidson, Heinz ketchup, cherries, and a number of things were kind of picked very carefully and imposed on the United States then. But Donald Trump's gonna go ahead and tariff our allies and tariff all of these countries and start this trade war. You heard over there in his speech what Prime Minister Trudeau said, you know, am America gets a lot of product from Canada. America gets a lot of product and goods from Mexico and from other countries. And so this whole idea of taring all of these nations and picking these fights, attacking the sovereignty of these other nations, it's just when your iPhone costs $10,000 because of tariffs against China, when oil prices go up because of tariffs on Canada significantly, when the price of automobiles go up because of tariffs in Mexico, when the price of various produce goes up that we get from Mexico, when bloody mass deportations create a labor shortage, yeah, people are going to be absolutely pissed and livid.


People are already pissed and livid right now. There's just so much disinformation out there that people are blaming it as Trump and Fox tells them on migrants and trans people and deep state. Nah, it's Donald Trump. It's the billionaire class. It's the Mar-a-Lago billionaires. That's who's doing it. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers. Thank you for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now, and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.