(0s):
When there's a crash. I hope it's gonna be during this next 12 months because I don't wanna be Herbert Hoover the one president. I just don't wanna be Herbert Hoover. You know, I know there's a lot of news, so perhaps you forgot that Donald Trump said that he was rooting for our economy to crash and then he went on Fox and he was asked by Brett Bear about it and then doubled down here, play this clip. You said this week in an interview that if there's a economic crash that you hope it happens now. Yeah, Over and over again, Donald Trump has been rooting for our economy to crash. And not only that, Donald Trump has been trying to provoke an economic calamity in this country.

(44s):
Remember Donald Trump and the MAGA Republicans actually engaged in economic terrorism at the beginning of the Biden Harris administration. And they encouraged like MAGA people who were at the Canadian border to block the bridges to try to stop trade from taking place. And as Governor Abbott was trying to do that in Texas as well, actually trying to cause harm on our economy. And just think about it recently, Donald Trump just two weeks ago was rooting for our economy to crash when there was one bad day in the stock market, one bad day. Donald Trump was basically like bragging and trying to stoke fears versus doing what a leader of a political party should do, which is to say, look, we're all Americans here.

(1m 33s):
We all need to come together. It's important that our economy as well, not Donald Trump. Donald Trump said stock markets crashing. I told you so. Kamala doesn't have a clue. Biden is sound asleep. All caused by inept leadership. And then Donald Trump continued to make posts like that. All caps saying that the stock market is crashing, our economy is crashing, which is not, is not the case. I mean, look, the Dow Jones s and p and Nasdaq had the best week since November of 2023. I can show you various charts and graphs if and makes it easier. Here is the stock market under President Biden and Vice President.

(2m 17s):
Kamala Harris compared to Donald Trump. And when all the right wings say it was the best economy, the stock market was never higher under Donald. It was never as high as it was under Donald Trump. It's up like 50% now than it was when Donald Trump was in office. Here's another chart. If this one helps show you where the Biden Harris stock market is versus where the Donald Trump stock stock market was. And if you wanna remember what the headlines were at that time, it was when Donald Trump was in office. It was that US unemployment was the worst since the Great Depression. Donald Trump, you are Herbert Hoover. You're the only other president other than Herbert Hoover to actually lose jobs.

(2m 59s):
Let's just take a look at what Donald Trump's been saying over and over again so you can see that this is just simply part of his plan. This is what he does. So here Donald Trump was talking about how you know the economy's gonna crash and then Fox actually removed the Chiron at Donald Trump's press conference from this past week here, play this clip Agonize and these are animals and we have To get 'em out of our country or we have to put 'em in jail because we don't want Here. Donald Trump continues to, this was two weeks ago in Nashville, Tennessee, where Trump continues to do these threats. If you don't elect me the crash, the stock market's gonna crash.

(3m 42s):
It's gonna be a 1929 style depression. You wait and see, he's just running on fear here, play this clip. Many people say that the only reason the stock market is up is because people think I am going to win. Did you ever hear that? But there was one day a couple of weeks ago when they weren't thinking that and you saw what happened. This will be in 1929 style crash. You know I have one, but Take a look. That was Donald Trump saying that two, three weeks ago. Look what he said though. October of 2019, October, 2019, Donald Trump writes on Twitter.

(4m 23s):
Then our record economy would crash just like in 1929. If any of those clowns became president, this is his hustle. This is his scam that he repeats over and over again. And then what Donald Trump tries to do when the stock market is up, he goes, oh, that's cause of me. If the stock market is down, you should have listened to me. Heads I win tells you lose. And it's the same hustle over and over again, then it's spread by his right wing propaganda network. So Take a look at this Larry Klaw suggesting that the stock market was getting record highs because of Trump's platform. Here play this Clinton.

(5m 4s):
But you cannot have you Trump's growthy platform without Trump. And I think that's had a big impact on the stock market just in the last two days. It's up over a thousand points almost out of the blue. And so I think the, the God's gift that Senator Britt talked about, people of faith come to this easily. I think it's having a major impact. It ripples throughout the country. People are saying this a sigh of relief. I mean I think they're rooting for 'em. They are completely different from what might have been 2, 3, 4 years ago. Yeah, You know, and Larry Here, Donald Trump writes, this is the Trump stock market because my polls against Biden are so good that investors are projecting that if I that I will win and that will drive the market up.

(5m 51s):
Then Donald Trump wrote on July 16th, Dow Jones up 742 points based on the fact that the market expects a Trump win in November. Nice compliment. Thank you. Remember during the debate between Donald Trump and President Biden from 2020 when Donald Trump said that the market was going to crash, if Biden got elected play this clip, They said the stock market, we're not gonna have time to talk about it. If I'm elected, if he's elected, the stock market will Crash.

(6m 18s):
Hey Midas mighty. So a little while ago we had the idea that we wanted to sell the best pro-democracy merchandise in the game for the Midas Touch networking. Candidly, we had no idea where to even get started. That's why I'm so glad that we found Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did. We just hit a million order stage. Shopify's there to help you grow. Whether you're selling scented soap or offering outdoor outfits, Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-commerce platform to their in-person, POS system, wherever, whatever you're selling, Shopify's got you covered. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. With the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average compared to other leading commerce platforms and sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI powered all star, we use Shopify at store dot Midas Touch dot com and it has completely revolutionized our business. It allows us to easily manage our shop view analytics, provide the best customer service, and streamline our entire online shopping experience from A to Z. We wouldn't be able to bring you all the products you know and love without Shopify and we can't speak highly enough about it. Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the US and Shopify's the global force behind Allbirds and Roth's and Brooklynn and millions of other entrepreneurs of every size across 175 countries. Plus Shopify's Award-winning help is there to support your success every step of the way. Like they were there for us here on the Midas Touch network because businesses that grow grow with Shopify and we can attest to that. Sign up for a one dollar per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash Midas, all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash midas to take your business to the next level today. Shopify dot com slash Midas.

(8m 23s):
This was Donald Trump in New Hampshire, the New Hampshire primaries this year saying that the stock market will crash if there's a bad result in the primary play. This clip. And you know the stock market is going good. You know why the stock 'cause economy is horrible except for the stock market. 'cause everyone thinks we're gonna get elected and that's why they, they're doing it. These are very smart investors. If they see a bad poll, you're gonna see some bad numbers. Or if you see a bad result tomorrow, you're gonna see some very bad numbers. But they're running on the fumes of what we did in every way, including oil. We produce things that nobody ever thought possible, but the day after the election, they're gonna turn it all off you watch.

(9m 6s):
But the stock market's running on fumes and the stock market literally every single time you see good polls coming out from that stock market goes crazy. So I wanna just congratulate all of you investors, but you better hope I win. 'cause otherwise You're gonna be, here's Donald Trump in Iowa saying that if he's not elected, there will be a depression. Play this clip, Greatest of all. And others that say the stock market's going up because they think Trump is gonna be elected. And if Trump isn't elected, this country's gonna go into a depression. The likes of what you had in 1929, and I hope that's not true, but I can understand it and I can understand what they're saying the stock market gained, they think is because looks like we're gonna win the election.

(9m 54s):
And I don't know what's gonna happen with the election. You know, they cheat like hell and I don't, and here Donald Trump does it again where He says he criticizes Biden on the economy before and then he tries to take credit for the economy, but then says there will be a depression. The likes of which you haven't seen since 1929 play this clip. I Tell you, if I'm not elected, I think we're going to end up in a depression like in 1929 because you know, if you ever notice every time a good, like all the polls now say that I'm beating him. But This was on Morning Joe, where they were talking about, you know, having someone like Donald Trump rooting on economic turmoil, play this clip. Seldom do you have parties as stupid as this current Republican party led by Donald Trump.

(10m 38s):
You now have Donald Trump rooting. We saw what Larry Cudlow said. We see, we saw, we we, we see what the editor emeritus of the Wall Street Journal editorial page has said. The US economy was the winner of 2023. It is stormed into 2024 doing better than any economy in the world, major economy in the world, and just crushing China right now. And yet you have Republicans wanting to do two things. One, Donald Trump has said he wants the economy to crash. He wants a depression to come. He wants Joe Biden to be Herbert Hoover. He wants people's livelihoods and the retirements destroyed.

(11m 21s):
He said it to Lou Dobbs so he can be elected president of the United States. And then just take a look at Donald Trump's stock. Because if you want to see how Donald Trump would run the country, just take a look at how he's been running Trump media far less complicated and complex than the American economy. Here's Trump media down 52%. Think about that. Whereas our stock market is up about 50% since Trump left office, Donald Trump's stock is down 50% in a thriving stock market environment over the past six months alone, over the past month, Donald Trump's stock is down 37%.

(12m 5s):
Now imagine if that was the American economy. Imagine if Trump ran our economy the way he runs his businesses. And so for any of you who maybe have friends who still believe that Donald Trump is a good businessman, I always like to show you this one right here because I think this says it all. And this is in Trump's own words because he had to make a financial disclosure when he brought Trump media public. So let me just share with you all the history of Donald Trump's bankruptcy. So if anyone says, oh, well, he would run all of his businesses really good. Okay, really Take a look at this. This is from the Trump media disclosures. A number of companies that were associated with Trump have filed for bankruptcy over the years.

(12m 48s):
Entities associated with Trump have filed for bankruptcy. The Trump Taj Mahal, which was built and owned by Trump, filed for chapter 11 in 1991. The Trump Plaza, the Trump Castle and the Plaza Hotel, all owned by Trump at the time, filed for chapter 11 in 1992. THCR, which was founded by Trump in 95, filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy. In 2004, Trump Entertainment Resorts Inc. The new name given to Trump hotels and casinos after its 2004 bankruptcy declared bankruptcy in 2009. While all of the foregoing were in different businesses than Trump media, there can be no guarantee that Trump media's performance will exceed the performance of those entities. And then it goes through the list of all of the companies that Donald Trump had licensing deals with.

(13m 32s):
Debt failed. Trump shuttle failed. It defaulted on its loans. Trump University was sued out of existence in 2005. Trump vodka failed. Trump mortgage failed. Go trumps.com failed. Trump stakes failed. You go through all of these entities, failure after failure after failure. And that's just how Trump runs things. I'll show you this. I spoke with my friend Congressman Eric Swalwell soon, and Congress member said, Ben Donald Trump couldn't even get a job anywhere in the United States. Why in the world are Republicans having him as their leader? He couldn't even get a job. And we did this like I thought funny exercise where he was like, Ben, I want you to interview.

(14m 16s):
We got a friend who's bankrupted all of his companies who was found liable for sexual assault. Would you wanna hire him here? Watch this clip. If if I called you and I was like, Hey, Ben buddy, I've, I've known you for 20 years and I know you have a growing company and I I was hoping that you would hire a friend of mine in need. You would be like, yeah, sure. What is your friend, what are his qualifications? And I said, well, Ben, he's a convicted felon. But, but, but it, it's only 34 felonies and he's a rapist. But, but I think he may be able to help him out. He is only been bankrupt six times and Ben, I should tell you because it'll probably come out.

(15m 2s):
The last office from which he was fired, he sent his friends to violently storm it. If I told that to like any friend, as people always call and say, Hey, can you consider hiring somebody? They would look at you and say like, are you crazy? Like no one's hiring this guy. So like why, why are we gonna hire? And, and so again, it's just so basic and I think we're best when we're basic in our message. So then I go to your right error Congress member, look, we're we're friends. I'll, I'll take the phone call. Thanks Ben. So I finally, I take the phone call and then he goes, have you seen Kamala? She's on the Cover Of Time magazine. I go hang up.

(15m 42s):
I mean look, this speech earlier in the day, he's whining that Vice President, Kamala Harris is on the cover of Time Magazine. Here play, play this clip Jeremy. And then they decided, To get politically correct, we have to put her in. They put her in and now they're putting her on the covers of Time Magazine with an artist sketch. They don't use a picture, they don't use a picture. They use an artist sketch. I wanna use that artist. I wanna find that artist. I like him very much. So play it out with me, Congressman. So he does that. And then I hang up and then I go, Congressman, this guy, you go Ben, just give him, you say, you say Ben. Give him one more call. I say, I say Eric, I'll give him, I'll give him one more call.

(16m 26s):
And then this is what He says to me. Here play this clip. And actually, yeah, she looked very much like a great first lady. Melania, she looked, she didn't look. Yeah, she didn't look like Camilla. That's right. But of course she's a beautiful woman. So we'll leave it at that, right? Yeah. Not getting hired is how this would go down on any phone call like that in America. I thought that was just spot on. So look, all Donald Trump has is fear trying to stoke fear, attack our economy. But look, the economy's doing good right now. Don't let him psych you out.

(17m 6s):
Know what his game plan is. You see it right there and we can just see that his strategy is just always the same. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and All Things Might is by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.