
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash special offer.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck G. Pt, what do you know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is knowledgeable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Do more with up to five times more power, more versatility and more features than any ordinary handheld trimmer. When you upgrade to a Dr. Trimmer mower from Dr. Power Equipment featuring all steel frames and adjustable handlebar oversized wheels, and the strongest trimmer cord on the market, a Dr. Trimmer lets you easily mow everywhere. A bladed mower can't. Visit dr power.com today and shop the sale.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on am mo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next. With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, mantis X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today@mantisx.com. That's mantis x.com.


Dr. Power equipment has given homeowners the power to do more with powerful field and brush mowers, capable of clearing acres of grass and brush trimmers that deliver up to five times more power than any ordinary handheld model. And chippers that turn nuisance brush piles into beneficial mulch. Start doing more this season with equipment from Dr. Power. Visit dr power.com today and shop the sale.


Donald Trump was basically having a panic attack in public last night. What a meltdown on his social media posts. In a brief press interview he did before heading off to the G seven, he's been humiliated by his disastrous dictator parade where barely anybody showed up to. So when he spoke with the press last night, one of the things he was bragging about is he goes, it didn't rain. Take a look. It didn't rain. So climate change must not be real. 'cause everybody said that it was 100% gonna rain on the on my birthday and it didn't rain. That's what you're going with here.


Let me show you this video. Let's play it. This was A fantastic audience. It was supposed to rain. They gave it a 100% chance of rain and it didn't rain at all. It was beautiful. And so I asked if they gave it 100% chance, right? 100% it was gonna rain like crazy and it didn't rain at all. How did they predict a hundred years out and 50 years out or 200 years out? They didn't do too well the weather people last night, but it was beautiful. And then he made this post where he says that he needs to send ice agents to all democratic power centers to stop quote transgender for everyone.


And that he says by this truth, that's what his social media platform goes, because by this truth herewith, he goes, herewith, I am directing the ice agents to immediately go into all the democratic power centers and it's time we stop transgender for everybody. Let me just show you what he posted. And it was post after post of him having this bizarre meltdown. It was, it was odd and it's gross. Here's what he writes. He goes, our nation's ice officers have shown incredible strength, determination, and courage as they facilitate a very important mission. The largest mass deportation operation of illegal aliens in history.


Every day the brave men and women of ICE are subjected to violence, harassment, and even threats from radical Democrat politicians. But nothing will stop us from executing our mission and fulfilling the mandate of the American people. Ice officers are here with ordered by notice of this truth to do all in their power to achieve the very important goal of delivering the single largest mass deportation program in history. Let me translate. Donald Trump was humiliated at his pathetic dictator parade. He saw about 10 million Americans protesting him at the no kings protests across the country. And Donald Trump wants to double down on his cruelty and target democratic states, which he calls democratic power centers because he has been humiliated by the peaceful protest and he wants to escalate things into violence.


By the way, as of late last night, Donald Trump had still not made a single fricking phone call to Minnesota Governor Walls to check in after a right wing extremist. Trump supporter killed a democratic state representative and her husband and tried to assassinate a democratic state. Senator and his wife and the assassin had a list of all these other democratic lawmakers including the governor he was going to try to kill. And he had a no king sign because he wanted to go and kill no king's protestors and Elon Musk and all of these MAGA influencers try to blame Governor Walls and Democrats for a right-wing Trump supporting nutcase murderer, trying to kill and killing Democrats.


And Donald Trump is trying to escalate the violent rhetoric. And we see it right here. Trump goes on to say, in order to achieve this, we must expand efforts to detain and deport illegal aliens in America's largest cities such as Los Angeles, Chicago, and New York, where millions upon millions of illegal aliens reside. And pause there. He's not talking about criminals, okay? He's talking about hardworking migrants who are integral to diverse communities. He's talking about sending ice agents to rip families apart, to go into factories and restaurants and Home Depot parking lots. That's what he's saying right there.


He goes, these and other such cities are the core of the Democrat Power Center where they use illegal aliens to expand their voter base, cheat in elections and grow the welfare state robbing good paying jobs and benefits from hardworking American citizens, lie after lie after lie. And let's just be clear, if now you still support this vile piece of trash known as Donald Trump, a felon, a sexual abuser, a criminal, a bankrupt, or well, then you are just as morally bankrupt as this vile despicable piece of shit. And excuse me for cursing, but as I read that, that is who he is.


We owe this man zero respect because just look at how he's behaving like a freaking fool, embarrassing and humiliating our country. He goes on to talk about these radical Democrats are sick of mind, hate our country, and actually want to destroy our inner cities, which is what he wants to do. And they are doing a good job. There is something wrong with them. That is why they believe in open borders, transgender for everybody and men playing in women's sports. And that is why I want Ice border patrol and our great and patriotic law enforcement officers to focus on our crime, rid and deadly inner cities and those places where sanctuary cities play such a big role.


You don't hear about sanctuary cities in the heartland. You know what you do hear about though? That the murder rate in red states and red cities is oftentimes 2, 3, 5, 10 x what they are in democratic states. You wanna know what else that the GDP of California is the fourth largest in the world, not in the country. And every one of those red states, I guess, which you call the heartland, would not have a freaking heartbeat if it wasn't for California, which is a donor state. While your red states, your heartland, as you're calling it, by and large, are taker states, fully subsidized by California. But this is how Donald Trump is behaving because he has been utterly humiliated and he is a pathetic, weak little person.


I don't even wanna call him a man and that is how he's behaving. But take a look at what Donald Trump was also saying as well to the press last night. He said, they asked him, they said, what's the status of your trade deals with the world? Thought you're some good negotiator, and you said you were gonna do 90 deals in 90 days. Well, Donald Trump says, we have our trade deals, all we have to do is send a letter and tell them how much they have to pay. So Trump is saying the trade deals is he now sends a letter and that becomes the deal without the negotiation because he's the worst negotiator ever. And all of his businesses, or let's just say most of them in the past have failed because this is his behavior here.


Play this clip An announced at the G seven summit coming up. Exactly. Look, we have our trade deals. All we have to do is send a letter. This is what you're gonna have to pay. But I think we'll have a few, few new trade deals. Yeah, Defense of Israel, And again, Donald Trump is being humiliated. California Governor Gavin Newsom congratulated the peaceful protesters across the country. It was about three to 3.5% of the entire US population who were out there peacefully protesting. Here's the video that Governor Newsom posted, play this clip.


The front page of the Chicago Tribune says, we are, we're all people. We're all people here. And that was one of the things when I was at the Pasadena protest out here in California, it was diverse. We were expressing our love of humanity and sharing our empathy with our fellow human beings. While Donald Trump and this despicable MAGA movement is all about hate and disinformation. Again, just look what they've been doing with Vance Butler, the assassin and how they try to immediately make all this disinformation and say, oh look, he's a leftist. It's a Democrat killing Democrats. And by the way, take a look at how here Donald Trump is, I don't wanna call it handling, dealing with the war in the Middle East right now.


So as he was heading off to the G seven, while all of these countries are asking for deescalation as we see Prime Minister Kearney deescalation, Keir Starer of the UK deescalation French president Emmanuel Macron, talking about deescalation Donald Trump's idiotic and dangerous statement to the press before the G seven is sometimes you have to just let people fight it out. Just let him fight it out and we'll see what happens. Play this clip. You give us A sense of what you're doing to fight to deescalation situation in Iran and Israel. Well, I hope there's gonna be a deal. I think it's time for a deal and we'll see what happens. But sometimes they have to fight it out. But we're gonna see what happens.


I think there's a good chance there'll be a Deal. And remember that's what Donald Trump said to fr Fred, Rick Merri, the German chancellor when he came to visit Donald Trump compared Putin's war on Ukraine to two young children fighting and says, you just gotta let children fight it out sometime play this clip. But sometimes you see two young children fighting like crazy, they hate each other and they're fighting in a park and you try and pull 'em apart. They don't wanna be pulled. Sometimes you're better off letting them fight for a while and then pulling them apart. And I gave that analogy to Putin yesterday. I said, president, maybe you're gonna have to keep fighting and suffering a lot because both sides are suffering.


And to watch Frederick Merris have to educate Donald Trump on what was really going down in the war and how actually Ukraine was targeting military targets, and Russia is targeting civilians and trying to commit a genocide of Ukraine, play this clip. This had never happened with Ukraine. Weapons against Russia never. Ukraine is only targeting military targets, not civilians, not private, not in not energy infrastructure. So this is the difference. And that's the reason why we are trying to do more on Russia, how to stop this war. And let me just show you, Donald, how leaders are supposed to act. People who are no longer even leaders.


Former Canadian prime minister, Justin Trudeau, who wrote my thoughts, go out to Minnesota, the families, friends, colleagues, and everyone impacted by last night's horrific and cowardly acts of political violence. Democracies have a fundamental responsibility to ensure that anyone who chooses to serve politically can do so free from both violence and threats of violence. Without that freedom, democracies can't long survive. Former President Biden, the heinous attack motivated by politics should never happen in America. We must give hate and extremism, no safe harbor, and we must all unite against political violence as a nation. Jill and I are sending strength to everyone affected by the senseless tragedy during this unimaginable time.


What else was Donald Trump posting yesterday morning? He goes, Iran and Israel should make a deal and will make a deal just like I got India and Pakistan to make in that case by using trade with the United States to bring reason, cohesion, and sanity into the talks with two excellent leaders who were able to quickly make a decision and stop. Also during my first term, Serbia and Kosovo were going at it hot and heavy as they have for many decades. Oh, and then he goes on to blame. Biden has hurt the long-term prospects. And again, Donald Trump's just not a leader. He shouldn't be anywhere even near the proximity of leaders. You're blaming former President Biden, you're referring to the serious issues between Serbia and Kosovo like a pervert.


You're saying they got hot and heavy. Who the hell describes war footing as hot and heavy? And then you're lying and saying that you negotiated a ceasefire between India and Pakistan by dangling trade. India's made it clear over and over again. We've heard from Prime Minister Modi, we've heard from the foreign minister of India, you've had nothing to do at all with the ceasefire. You dangling trade, didn't do anything, and you didn't even dangle trade. There's no trade deal with India because no one understands what the hell you even want in trade deals because you don't even understand what a deficit is and think that a deficit is the same thing as a tariff.


And other countries are looking at you like, what the hell is even go, what are they even? What are they even asking us to do? So, no, you didn't make that deal. You have no clue what you're talking about and you're bringing a great deal of shame to the United States of America. We'll keep you posted every step of the way. As you can see here on the Midas Touch Network, we are so close to 5 million subscribers. Help us hit that 5 million subscriber mark right now. Thank you so much for watching and let's hit subscribe. We got this this week, you Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All that store job, Midas touch com.


Attention sports enthusiast, keep the adrenaline pumping and elevate your game day. With Cmba Casino, it's completely free to play no purchase necessary, whether you're cheering from the stands on the move, or relaxing at home. Chumba Casino brings the thrill of social casino directly to your fingertips. Experience the ultimate social casino adventure with reels of casino style games, offering hundreds of exciting options to choose from and fresh new releases every week. There's always something new and thrilling to explore. From action packed social slots and classic blackjack to engaging bingo in solitaire, the fun never stops. Plus, enjoy generous daily login bonuses and a fantastic free welcome bonus to kickstart your social gaming journey. Dive into the excitement, discover a world where you can play for your chance to redeem some serious prizes and have a blast along the way. Don't miss out. What are you waiting for? Join now and immerse yourself in nonstop fun and adventure with Chumba Casino. Get in on the action today@chumbacasino.com and make every day a chumba day. Noor VW by law 18 plus supply.