
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going, cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit shopify.com to upgrade your selling today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What advice they have? My favorite brand. It's like a whole new bu I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the Great bridge? You'll Love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


So when I ask what is odu? What comes to mind? Well, ODU is a bit of everything. ODU is a suite of business management software that some people say is like fertilizer because of the way it promotes growth. But you know, some people also say, Ooo is like a magic beans stock because it grows with your company and is also magically affordable. But then again, you could look at ODU in terms of how its individual Software programs are a lot like building blocks. I mean, whatever your business needs, manufacturing, accounting, HR programs, you can build a custom software suite that's perfect for your company. So what is odu? Well, I guess ooo is a bit of everything. Ooo is a fertilizer magic beans, stock building blocks for business. Yeah, that's it. Which means that ooo is exactly what every business needs. Learn more and sign up now@odod.com. That's OD o o.com.


Not going back, not going back, not going Back, not Going, Hey, Donald America hates you. The world hates you. You are the most loathsome president in the history of the United States, the most contemptible individual in the world right now, and Americans and the world are letting you know how we all collectively feel about you. History will not look kindly on you and your ilk. That protest I showed at the beginning of this video was from Cincinnati's 50 51 protest on Saturday.


We saw thousands of protests like that in towns and cities across America. I'll be doing a whole other video highlighting the signs, the protests. Another successful day of opposing the regime. So what's Donald Trump doing? As his approval is plummeting to new lows? Donald Trump's approval on the economy the lowest it's ever been, including his first term. Donald Trump's approval on all other issues plummeting. Donald Trump's overall approval plummeting across the board, even in Republican pro-Trump polls.


He's underwater. So Donald Trump's posting this. Why? Because he's a liar. He's a fraud. He's a sexual predator. He's a felon. This is what people like that do. Here's what he posts. Trump's best poll numbers ever. Thank you. Exclamation point, detached from reality, A KAA fraud. Donald Trump then posts this yesterday. It's post after post, after post. Like this. Ranked choice voting is one of the greatest threats to democracy. It is total and very fraudulent joke.


And he puts joke in caps. Okay, I think you're referring to yourself. You Donald, are the greatest threat to democracy. Then Donald Trump posts the following. I look forward to having Easter service early tomorrow morning at the White House. Exclamation point. Does every sentence you use Donald, have to have an exclamation point. We don't look forward to you being in the White House for Easter. You know, who also doesn't look forward to you being in the White House on Easter? The Pope. Yeah. Pope Francis skipped the Vatican's official meeting with Vice President JD Vance on Saturday, instead having his number two, give the Vice President a lecture on compassion.


According to a Vatican statement, the Vatican said that they lectured JD Vance on issues about immigration and world peace. And the Pope was not having that meeting with JD Vance. Well, Donald Trump was posting ISIS style torture videos yesterday, like this post right here. I mean, this is from Donald Trump's official count account, and he's posting photos and it has this ominous music in the background of putting migrants into concentration camps, extermination camps in El Salvador without due process.


Trump keeps reposting these torture videos over and over again on Easter. He has hate in his heart, as I've said before. He's a felon. He's a sexual predator. He's been found liable for sexual assault. Okay? He's a criminal like so. I don't think we should be like, whoa, he's doing this. Yeah, he's a criminal. He's also weak. Did you see the video I made yesterday where, you know how we've been reporting? Donald Trump is panicking on this. Donald Trump is panicking on that, and sometimes I get the comments, oh, he's not panicking. He looks like he's just doing fine. I said, that's his pretending to project a strong man image when he's panicking behind the scenes.


What's been happening is Donald Trump's economic advisors on his cabinet, like Scott Scent, his treasury secretary, Howard Lutnick, his commerce secretary. Keep hearing Donald Trump pacing around the White House fretting and saying, am I gonna cause a 1929? Am I gonna cause a 1929? Am I gonna be responsible for a great depression? The guy is weak, pathetic, and scared, and this is what he's sending to his supporters as well. I subscribe to his email list so you don't have to, as Donald Trump sees these protests spreading again across the country. This is the email that he sends to his followers, or I should say his cult.


Ben, be honest. Are you still a true MAGA patriot? I'm running a quick MAGA survey to find out who's still standing with me. If you are, you'll pass it easily, but you've never let me down, so I'm not worried at all. Complete it now and you'll earn a Trump merit badge. And apparently the Trump merit badge is an American flag with Donald Trump's name on it in gold, a clear violation of the flag code, but also regardless of what political party you're from, why are you plastering your name on our flag? Like that should piss you the heck off no matter what party you're from.


But I guess the Trump cult pledges allegiance to Trump, not the flag, not the United States of America. Oh, by the way, when you click that, Trump grifts off you and asks you for money, surprise, surprise. Not surprisingly either. The Financial Times is reporting that the delegation from Japan returned to Tokyo without reaching a deal with Donald Trump on tariffs. Here's the headline from The Financial Times. Donald Trump weighs in on Japan trade talks, but Tokyo team leaves without a deal. The first in the queue for negotiations was being closely watched for signs of a US strategy.


Newsflash, there is no strategy. Donald Trump is just attacking allies and adversaries alike, although for Donald Trump allies are now his adversaries, and of course he kisses Putin's ass. If Spencer Aki and says, says, Japan has a lower tariff rate than the United States does. What is taking so long to sign an imaginary trade deal and them and with them and pretend that we accomplished something, even Japan's like, what the heck are they doing? The fact that you can't quickly, like literally within 24 hours, make up a make believe trade deal with Japan to announce, just shows how utterly incompetent this regime is.


Going back to what I said at the outset of this video, Trump's approval rating on the economy is now at its lowest of his entire presidential career. As Aian says, the most ineffective first 100 days of a presidency that many of us will ever see in our lifetimes, an unnecessary disaster from the get go. Donald Trump was always a disaster. So it doesn't shock me that this is happening. If you wanna look at Easter egg prices, despite Donald Trump saying the prices are so low on Easter for eggs, that there are too many eggs, they're too cheap, he says, he says, mission accomplished. He made him so cheap. Nope. In 2024, if you look at what eggs cost, 2 99, now $6 and 23 cents on average.


If you look at the Nasdaq, the Dow, the s and p, you just take a look at a straight line down during the Trump regime, you'll notice under President Biden, it steadily went up, up, up, up, up, up, up. And then under Donald Trump, you see it falling significantly. Almost a straight line down right now, as Sean Broderick economist puts it, posting this for later, pay it no mind. And he's showing the way the markets looked during the Great Depression, and when these Smoot Hawley tariffs were announced in 1930 or so. Just so you know, Trump's tariffs are far more harsh than even the Smoot Hawley tariffs.


And if you start looking at the chart, it's, it's going in that direction right now. Goldman Sachs economists were learning estimate that the US could lose as much as 0.3% of its entire GDP or $90 billion from a plunge in foreign tourism and boycotts of American products. Early signs of the pullback are starting to show up in economic data. That's from Bloomberg. I think it's gonna be more than that when Goldman says that's the maximum. I think the damage is going to actually be much higher as Canada's boycotting everything, boycotting tourism, we're seeing a massive boycott from Europe, and of course they're boycotting Trump's throwing people in concentration camps, extermination camps, ice detention centers with no due process.


And in trying to deny people habeas corpus, it's horrific. And some of Donald Trump's top advisors or top allies who he takes meetings with, remember Donald Trump a few weeks back, says that he listens to Laura Loomer on hiring and firing, and she's one of the more influential people. It was Trump's words. Here's what one of Donald Trump's top people posted yesterday, again, the the, the day before Easter. In most countries, when you cross into the country illegally, you are shot to death on site. Trump is gracious. Democrats should be happy. He's deporting the illegals on planes. There's always alternatives. Just look at how trespasses trespassers are treated on other foreign borders.


So utterly horrific, horrific stuff. So I had the opportunity to interview Charlie Angus, former member of Parliament in Canada, one of the leaders of the Elbows up resistance tour in Canada right now. And he says it perfectly, perfectly. Take it away, Charlie. Well, Donald Trump, I'm gonna say this once and I might never say it again. I want to thank you. I wanna thank you for bringing Canada together. It took such a malignant, narcissistic slug like you to make us put aside all of our differences, all our regional fights, all of our concerns with each other, and realize that we actually had to stand up for something better, which is standing up for the rule of law, standing up for democracy, standing up for decency.


And we know that we are on your border. And it freaks you out because you and your incel gang are so freaked out about diversity, equity, inclusion, your DEI nightmare. Well, we are your DEI nightmare, Donald, because Canada is always gonna be a country of diversity. We will always be a country of equity. We will always be a country of inclusion, and we will defend the rule of law. And if you want to continue fighting with us, you are going to lose at the end of the day. I'm not saying it's not gonna hurt us, but we are true. We are north, we are strong, we are free, and we are ready for this fight, Donald. So make up your mind. Quit cheer fighting on social media with us. Tell us what you're going to do, because we are moving on and we're gonna stand and hold the line Before we go, I'll show you this sign right here.


Tyrant Tyrant asosa Rex tyrant Asosa Rex, stop Truth decay. Nice. Shout out to the Midas Touch Network on that post. A lot of posts, a lot of, I saw posters shouting at Midas Touch and a lot of Midas Touch gear at the protest yesterday. Pretty cool. Pretty cool. Thanks for watching. Appreciate you. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. We're almost there. Make sure you hit subscribe. Tell five, 10 people about when, when you're with your family today, tell five or 10 people about the network today. We'd appreciate that.


Oh, go to store dot Midas Touch dot com for the gear. Also. Check it out. Thank you. New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, haves, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot Midas Touch dot com.