
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it, and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms. Apply


This MLB season. FanDuel S Dinger. Tuesday is back, And this year all customers get a profit boost to BET home runs every week. So gear up to go yard all season long on FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 Plus in President Select states opt in required bonus issued is non Withable profit Boost tokens. Restrictions apply, including any token expiration in max wager amount. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER


10 years from today, Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses Lisa's taking now with A A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does, and she can finally run with the big dogs and the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, And you could be next. With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself And ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


Donald Trump is having a complete meltdown on Thursday morning, as now European intelligence confirms what American intelligence confirmed that the United States military strikes against the Iranian nuclear facilities were not as successful as Donald Trump claimed that Iran will likely be able to rebuild a nuclear program, and that Iran was able to move the uranium out before the strikes took place. Earlier in the morning, Donald Trump had his Secretary of Defense, Pete Heif give a press conference, which may have been the most shameful moment in the history of the Department of Defense, where Pete Heif just started attacking reporters and saying, you should just be waving the American flag and shut up.


And he would go to different reporters and say, you are the worst and you are the worst. Just shut up and report on what the regime wants you to report. Also, Donald Trump has been calling himself daddy all day. He's been posting photos on Instagram, basically saying to call him daddy. And now he's also selling t-shirts with his face on it, and I think it's his mugshot, which is also his presidential portrait, which says, daddy, he's selling daddy orange t-shirts. Let's just go through what's happening this morning. So you can see the meltdown that's taking place, and you can just see how unprofessional and how despicable this is while Donald Trump is causing havoc on the home front.


And you have this disastrous budget bill that's attacking the American people, although I have a positive update on the disastrous budget bill that I'll talk about in this video. So here's what Donald Trump posted early in the morning, all in caps, fake news reporters from CNN and the New York Times should be fired immediately. Exclamation point, bad people with evil intentions. And then he's now selling this shirt right here. It's called the Daddy Merch Collection from the official Trump account. It's a photo of himself on an orange shirt, and then it says Daddy under it.


Here's what we're learning about the European intelligence. Early intelligence suggests Iran's uranium largely intact. European officials say preliminary assessments indicate that Tehran was able to move much of its nuclear stockpile Intelligence suggests that Iran's stockpile of uranium enriched close to weapons grade levels was not concentrated in the Fordo facility at the time of last weekend's attack. So now talking about Secretary of Defense, former Fox Weekend host, Pete Hegg sits press conference earlier this morning.


Here's how Donald Trump described it. One of the greatest, most professional and most quote, confirming news conferences I have ever seen. Exclamation point. What's a confirming news conference? The fake news should fire everyone involved in the witch hunt and apologize to our great warriors and everyone else. Exclamation point. So one of the things that Donald Trump and he are doing, and I think it's beyond despicable, is they're claiming that the B two pilots who were involved in the mission against Iran are very sad.


And they're almost crying. They're almost in tears according to Trump and Hegseth because they're being treated very meanly by the media who says that the strikes weren't as effective as the regime claims the strikes were. So Donald Trump says that if you accurately report on what the intelligence is from our own intelligence community, what the Pentagon said, what scent comm said, what the European officials said, you're being mean to the B two fighters. And that's really disrespectful to our troops. That's what the regime is going with. So here's what went down at that press conference. Jennifer Griffin, who asks this question, she is the main defense correspondent for Fox.


So she works at Fox. So this is a Fox host, although she works at Fox. She's very respected in the space of reporting on the defense department and on the military. And she usually gets her facts right. She's known as just a, just a good reporter. So here she is asking a question to Hegseth, and then Hegseth attacks her and says, Jennifer, you've been the absolute worst here at play. This clue Scene that suggests that what we didn't hit exactly what we wanted to hit in those locations. That's not the Question though. It's about highly rich uranium. Do you have certainty that all the highly enrich uranium was inside the Fordo Mountain or some of it because there were satellite photos that showed more than a dozen trucks there two days in advance.


Are you certain none of that highly enriched uranium was moved? Of Course, we're watching every single aspect, but Jennifer, you've been about the worst. The board, the the one who misrepresents the most intentionally. I, I don't what what the president says. I I was first, I'm, I'm familiar report About the ventilation chefs on Saturday night, and in fact, I was the first to describe the B two bombers, the refueling the entire mission with great accuracy. So I, I take issue with that. I appreciate you acknowledging you have issues. This the first issues, the most successful I did mission based on operational security that this department has done since you've been here. And I appreciate that. Absolutely. So we're looking at all aspects of intelligence.


I mean, Again, just think about the behavior by heg there. Again, that does not exude confidence. I mean, to Trump and he, and I guess people who don't know what tough guys actually are, they think that that's a tough guy act. But it shows to me that you're covering something up. If you're so defensive about a basic question, are you certain none of that highly enriched uranium was moved because all of the intelligence says it was, and you go and attack the question just tells me that you're covering things up. That's weakness. What Trump's doing is weakness. What Heit does, what this whole regime does to me is weakness masquerading as strength.


So then Pete Hegseth opens up that press conference attacking the media and ranting that Donald Trump directed the most complex and secretive military operation in history. Now, what took place in Iran was the single greatest American military feat ever. Not D-Day, the Iran bombing. Okay, play this clip on, Let let me read the, the the bottom line here. President Trump directed the most complex and secretive military operation in history. And I'm not gonna show you many more clips. I'll show you one more just so I want to give you full context of what's taking place here.


Pete Hegseth just continues to attack the press, and this was all this was about. He attacks the press, he goes, it's in your DNA, you hate Trump. You're never Trumpers, you hate him. So you are trying to make him look bad. And that is mean, that's what they were doing all morning. Play this clip Because you, and I mean specifically you the press, specifically you the Press Corps because you cheer against Trump so hard. It's like in your DNA and in your blood to cheer against Trump because you want him not to be successful so bad. You have to cheer against the efficacy of these strikes.


You have to hope. Maybe they weren't effective, maybe the way the Trump administration has represented 'em isn't true. So let's take half truths, spun information, leaked information, and then spin it, spin it in every way we can to try to cause doubt and manipulate the mind, the public mind over whether or not our brave pilots were successful. How many stories have been written about how hard it is to, I don't know, fly a plane for 36 hours has


That I need to tell you about one of my favorite products. Mud Water. Mud Water provides sustained energy without the spikes and crash of traditional coffee. There's also caffeine free blends available. Their OG blend is a mix of cocoa, chai, turmeric, and adapt energetic mushrooms to help you feel focused without the crash. And the best part, it's amazing over ice. Now, seriously, just mix it with cold water or milk, shake it up, pour it over ice, and boom, you've got yourself a refreshing, feel-good boost that actually helps you stay balanced. Every single ingredient in Mud Water products are 100% USDA, certified organic non GMO, gluten-free, vegan, and kosher. There's also zero sugar and no sweeteners added. To use mud water, you simply drop the powder into your favorite mug, pour some water on it and give it a mix. Some go wild and add cream or honey or even CBD. And as I mentioned earlier, the best part about Mud Water is it provides sustained energy without the spikes and crash of traditional coffee. And don't forget, there's also caffeine free blends available ready to make the switch to cleaner energy. Head to mud water.com and grab your starter kit today. Right now, our listeners get an exclusive deal up to 43% off your entire order, plus free shipping and a free rechargeable frother when you use Code Midas. That's right up to 43% off with code Midas at MUD WT r.com. After your purchase, they'll ask how you found them, please show your support and let them know that we sent you. Keep your energy natural and refreshing all year long with mud water because life's too short for anything less than clean, delicious energy.


So as our editor in chief said, HEG sits entire press conference was all about accomplishing one thing, pleasing his audience of one, and he's proud of his pat on the head. Donald Trump posted after that press conference, one of the greatest, most professional and most confirming news conferences, as I said before. And then Hegseth goes, thank you Mr. President. Meanwhile, on the home front, there's more bad economic news. Remember when the first quarter GDP numbers were revealed and it was negative 0.2%? Well, now we know it's actually worse than that.


The first quarter GDP growth was actually revised further down to negative 0.5% contraction of the economy. Now, that is a stark drop from the previous quarters, 2.4% as Steven Ratner notes, just look at the difference between the Biden economy and the Trump economy right there. Also, close to 70% of US consumers think there's going to be a recession within the next year based on how erratic Donald Trump is handling things. Remember I said that there was good news on the disastrous budget bill?


Well, one of the things I was honored to share with you, and maybe you caught it yesterday, we held on the Midas Touch Network on our YouTube channel, an exclusive press conference by the Democratic leaders in the budget committee who laid out all of the issues that were major problems with a disastrous budget bill. And I know you all like that feature, so shout out to them for doing that as well. And it got a lot of views as well. But one of the things that just happened in the Senate now threatens to destroy the entire budget bill, which is a great thing. So the Senate parliamentarian, that's a position that makes sure the Senate is conforming to the rules.


And one of the rules is on a budget bill, if a provision is not directly budgetary in nature, it's called the bird rule, you can't pass it through reconciliation. So passing something through reconciliation, first and foremost, you can only really pass budget and taxing things through reconciliations, and you don't need 60 votes. So you can avoid the filibuster if you can just get 50, 51 votes. Ultimately, Vance could break a tiebreaker, but you can avoid the filibuster if it's through reconciliation. If it is outside of budgetary means you need at least 60 votes.


And then there can be a filibuster and the Republicans don't have the votes. So the Senate parliamentarian analyzes the provisions of a budget bill to see are they allowed, or if they're non budgetary, then you could filibuster it. So the Senate parliamentarian just struck down, just struck a massive blow to Republicans, Medicaid cuts per an announcement from the Senate budget Dems that it's not compliant with the bird rule, meaning they need to be stripped or overruled. That's what I was just basically saying to you. So the provider tax crackdown, which basically prevents states from taxing medical providers to fund Medicaid, that's one of the ways Medicaid would be destroyed, that that could not be put in reconciliation, limiting the federal money for states that allow undocumented immigrants to get Medicaid additional limits on Medicaid, Medicare, and Affordable Care Act premium tax credits for immigrants who are in citizens, and then some other things like that.


But the big one right there is the provider tax crackdown. So this could blow up the entire scheme by the MAGA Republicans to destroy Medicaid because the provider tax crackdown was a big one of how they wanted to get rid of Medicaid. Basically shift everything to the states, shift the burden to the states, and the states aren't able to shoulder the burden of funding Medicaid. Then you limit the provider tax that the states can then tax the providers in order to try, which they still wouldn't be able to do to fund Medicaid, and then you just destroy the whole program. That's how, that was their trick to build it. But the parliamentarian said, Nope, you can't do that.


More posts here by Donald Trump saying, daddy's home. Daddy's home. How weird is that? He's making posts saying Daddy's home. Also, earlier in the morning, Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Khomeini, delivered a video. He doesn't seem to be afraid of the Trump regime. His video was, you know, look, it's obviously Iranian propaganda and it should be taken for the propaganda that it is, but I think it's important to see that Khomeini views this as a victory. That's what he, he's celebrating this ceasefire right now because in his mind, they still have their nuclear program. Donald Trump's encouraging oil sales between Iran and China, and the strikes didn't fully destroy the facilities.


So Khomeini congratulates everybody. You know, he congratulates his people. I'm not gonna go through all Khomeini's propaganda, but he released a video saying that Iran won, which you know is on the one hand you have Trump regime propaganda. On the other hand you have Ayatollah propaganda. The Department of Defense official rapid response account says at Secretary of Defense, just called out the fake news. I mean specifically you the Press Corps because you cheer against Trump so hard. It's like it's in your DNA, in your blood to cheer against Trump. And the way they spell core is not C-O-R-P-S.


They spelt it CORE because we are led by a bunch of dummies. Finally, a lot of people were asking in this bizarre picture of Donald Trump at nato, why his pants are so big, like he used these gigantic pants. And again, there are a lot of people in the past who have speculated whether or not he wears a Foley catheter. I'm not a medical doctor, so I don't know one way or another, but it's yet another example of him wearing ridiculously gigantic pants, you know? And when you see his behavior, I did a video this morning on how sickly he looks, how cognitively addled he presents, how he can't speak in sentences, and frankly, the ramifications that's having on our country and the world.


Thank you for watching. Hit Subscribe. Let's get to 6 million subscribers. Thank you. All the truth is more important than ever. Check out our new Truth Over Lies collection@store.midastouch.com, all 100% USA Union Made.


I want the same expert advice you get from the pros in the store while shopping online at Discount Tire dot com. Meet Treadwell, your personal online tire guide that matches you with the perfect tire for your vehicle. Get your best match in one minute or less with Treadwell by Discount Tire. Let's get you taken care of.