
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


This is not a time to gloat and say, I told you so while wagging our fingers. That's not all that productive. We do have to fight. We do have to protect our democracy. For anybody who had some semblance of a delusional view, or as I like to say, a dilu view that Donald Trump was going to put responsible people into cabinet positions, eh, you are the weakest link. Matt Gaetz. Donald Trump nominates to be Attorney General. RFK Junior. Donald Trump nominates to lead the Health and Human Services department.


Tulsi Gabbard, Donald Trump nominates to be the director of National Intelligence, despite many people believing she's compromised by Russia, who she parrots word for word in many of her posts. Christie Nome, who killed her dog cricket, the Homeland Security chief Tom Holman, who talks about bloody mass deportations to be the border czar and a random dude named Peter Heif, who is a weekend host on Fox and Friends, not even the weekday host to become Secretary of Defense, Donald Trump, giving our nuclear codes to a dude named Heif.


That is where we are right now. The markets are not responding to it very favorably. Markets down today. Dow Futures and other markets are down. This is the chaos, the drama, the torment that the corporate media, they wanted this, they wanted this every, every moment. Now there's drama. You have Matt Gates saying that he's resigning from Congress to avoid an ethics report from being released that will purportedly talk about how he had sex with a underage girl who was 17 years old. But then the House Committee, which is also led by Republicans and Democrats, but the Republicans pushing for this, the McCarthy disciples leaking the fact that the woman, the underage girl rather, who Gates had sex with, she testified before the ethics committee that Gates did indeed have sex with her when she was underage.


Are you happy Media? Are you happy with this? Because no one's watching you anymore. They're watching the Midas Touch Network because you've lost all credibility. And Jordy, who was who? Who was it? I know it's your favorite, your favorite reporter, Jordy who said, oh, these hearings are gonna be great for the ratings, right? Chuck Todd, man. Chuck Todd, who I actually, I started to slightly, I don't even wanna say it, come around on the guy up until very again recently. You know, it shows his true colors once again. Can you believe that? Yeah. The post we're referring to Chuck Todd posted the hearings are gonna be fire. The hearings are gonna be great.


You know what would be great if the people of America were safe and secure? You know what's great, stable financial markets, you know what's great? Strong alliances abroad. You know what's great? Helping our allies like Ukraine, you know what's great? Infrastructure act, chips Act Inflation Reduction Act pact Act helping veterans. That, that, that's, that's what I find great. Perhaps too boring. Perhaps it's not The whole comedian is coming for you. The whole come mania is coming for you. Perhaps it's not that, but you know, for me, I don't bet you Brett, Jordy and might as mighty for me.


I, I like my politics to deliver for the people. I like my politics with a side of no drama, the way President Biden delivered it. That's how I like it served. Not chaos, torment, drama, Brett, Brett. Yeah, I, you know, I think what it's been a little over a week now. I think there's, sure, there's gotta be a lot of people out there who are thinking, oh, wow, it's actually been relatively calm and, and nice and quiet and all those, you know, people who would go sleepy Joe, sleepy Joe. I, I, I bet at least a, a small portion of them right now are like, I wish we had some sleepiness right now, because this is just chaos every single day.


It's pandemonium. We're right back in it, and the guy's not even in office yet. And we are seeing just the government be completely upended and we're just getting started, folks. Like, I'm not going to sugarcoat it. I don't enjoy it. I, I don't enjoy even like having to report on these things. But it's important that we are always, you know, on top of everything, that we're aware of everything going on. It's because it's our lives that are on the line. And when people think it's funny that he is nominating this person for this position, or this person for this, or you have these anchors and pundits and executives going, oh, this is gonna be so great for our ratings, we're gonna love this. This is awesome. Like, to me, I'm just like, this isn't a game. Okay? Like, this is not a game to me.


I don't think it's funny. I don't think it's humorous. I I, I, I, I worry for the country. I worry about people and I worry that we're gonna look back at the country, maybe not even a year from now, and go, this place is unrecognizable. This is not America. And we are already seeing the seeds of that be planted at, at minimum the seeds of that be planted. This was the Chuck Todd quote directly. He said on Wednesday, these confirmation hearings may just save cable TV for the short. I don't care about your cable TV ratings. I really don't give a damn, but your cable TV ratings. And that's also assuming that there are confirmation hearings in the first place. If Trump has his way, you know, he's gonna try these recess appointments and he's going to try to jam these people through and rule like a dictator.


I don't think people quite grasp like, what is going on? He still thinks it's funny. Ha ha ha. I don't, I don't think you're gonna be laughing when he tries to actually take away your broadcast licenses and take you off the air. I don't think you'll find it all that funny. You won't have any ratings to worry about Chuck Todd. Exactly. It just goes to show you how broken corporate media's brains have become. I mean. The fact that the first place that your mind goes to is, oh, I bet this is gonna be great for cable ratings. It's like, what are you doing, man? You know, politics should never be gamified in such a way where it's a football game. And I know that we don't do that here at the Minus Touch network. And it's what people appreciate, data facts, you know, actually news updates and not this team versus this team, red team versus Blue team.


It's just a backwards way of thinking and it's a tired way of thinking. And when I see Chuck Todd post like that, it just reconfirms all of my, you know, just beliefs about corporate media. It's a dying industry based on gamifying politics where there are actual consequences on the line for the American people based on the decisions that Donald Trump is making day in and day out. You know, as the kid, one of my favorite books growing up that my parents would read to me was See Spot Run and classic. It's a book that I read to my little daughter, Jimena. See Spot Run. It's kind of like the GOP mantra now, right there.


See the GOP run, Donald Trump makes a nomination. The press asks the GOP about it. See, GOP, run, watch Senator Run, watch Congress member run. Watch it. I'm having trouble. What about Matt Gaetz? He's the Bottom, have a confirmation process. I don't know yet. I have think about that one. Do you have any concerns about it? We'll see. Do you think Matt Gaetz is confirmable. We'll find out. Rolling. Senator Kennedy, what do you think of Matt Gaetz as Attorney General? Happy Thanksgiving, By the way.


One of the funniest things about Senator Kennedy, who's actually not a Kennedy, he, he doesn't really talk like that. He has a, he does a fake, fake accent. It's cos to, to cosplay like a southerner. I, I won't even do the accent anyway, but Ben, but Ben real quick, like infuriating to just the reporter there who's generally a solid, you know, does solid work, but just let them off the hook like that, right? And corporate media, again, letting Republicans off the hook. Happy Thanksgiving.


Could you imagine if a Democrat Congress person gave that response to a, a pretty serious and legitimate question and you just let him go on. You just let him go do his business, And it. Frankly, I don't blame the reporter on that though. Like, I, I, you know, it's, it's, it's the, the Republicans though, in that situation, right? Like, they're going there, they're making a mock of the whole situation. They're going, oh, what? I can't hear you. Oh, sorry, what? I couldn't hear you. Oh, sorry. I don't have an opinion on that. They're making a mockery of the whole thing. So honestly, like what else could you do? Is he supposed to like, attack them? Like, what are you supposed to do? These are like the people that they're dealing with. They're dealing with like brick walls. They're dealing with the most soulless people on the planet. And, and to me, I'm, I'm gonna criticize the, these Republicans who are just complete and other utter cowards and who have been for now what, like a decade in this specific reign.


I mean, I could go further back than that, but they really show their cards because they like to act tough if they think that there's no stakes in it. But once Donald Trump is coming to power, all of a sudden they need to bow down to him and they become so afraid of Trump. He becomes this big boogeyman. And now, because even though Trump is ultimately gonna finish with this election, when all the votes are counted by not even winning by like more than a couple of percentage points, it's gonna actually be like a very narrow victory. He is gonna win by less than he beat Hillary by in the popular vote, but he's claiming a mandate. Hillary beat him by you. Yeah. Less than Hillary beat him by in the popular vote. And he's claiming this mandate and he's trying to flex this muscle and the Republicans are all buying into it. And I saw a quote that was so revealing, Jordy today from one of these reporters where they asked somebody in the Senate, they said like, so are you gonna oppose all of these, you know, things that Donald Trump is doing?


And the guy's like, I don't know. We're just so exhausted. We're just so exhausted now. I don't know if we have the end. I don't, I don't know if we have it in us. And it's like, okay, so like an entire branch of the government is now abdicating its responsibility and saying, we don't even wanna be a check on the government. We just wanna be a stooge for the government, not provide a check on the other branches. We just want this to be a dictatorship. And it's all the people from like the maga cultists to like the Susan Collins of the world who try to act like they're these moderates. And then every time Trump goes to do something, what do they do? Oh, oh, woe is me. I'm shocked. I'm so concerned. Oh my God, I'm so worried by that.


Like, she's still saying the same things that she said, like back in 2016, this was what today or was this last night? It was in the past 24 hours. Susan Collins saying that she, she's shocked by, by Trump's appointment of, of Matt Gaetz shocked. I was shocked that he has been nominated. If the nomination proceeds, I'm sure that there will be a, an extensive background check by the FBI and public hearings. And a lot of questions Ask, at least she found a new word from concerned Jordy, what concern are you shocked about? What you be shocked about at this point?


Are you, lemme just, I'll make it clear for Susan Collins, I, I'm shocked that he just doing everything that he said he was gonna do. And it's actually as bad as everyone said it's gonna be. And lemme tell you, it's gonna get worse. Like I wanna tell Susan Collins, I wanna be real, I don't wanna level with all the listeners and watchers out there. I don't mean to like depress you, but this is just, this is just the beginning folks. Like, like everything he said he wants to do, like he's he's gonna do and he is gonna have free range to do a lot of these things where we need to hope as a community here that we're able to apply enough pressure that we have enough politicians with backbone, that we have enough judges out there with backbone that Biden in these last few weeks is able To get even more judges in the judiciary with backbone to stand up to all this.


Because ultimately that's what it's all gonna come down to when we have to start opposing all of this crazy stuff that's about to happen. 'cause he's gonna go full speed with like, with everything he was talking about. And people are gonna get a real dose of what this Trump presidency means really fast. And we're seeing the seeds of that. And those seeds are gonna blossom like crazy the second he steps into the office. It's not gonna be pretty. Forget the seeds. It's here it is. Look this way. We started the show. It's Matt Gates, it's Tulsi Gabbard, it's RFK Jr. It's Christie Nome. It's Tom Holman, it's Peter Heif. I could go on and on and on it, it's here right now.


And that shouldn't shock you. This is someone who launched his campaign pretty soon after leading an insurrection against our country on the 30th anniversary of the Waco Siege to show solidarity with the individuals and the, and the cult and the Branch Davidians, who were attacking the FBI and who were holding out against the FBI where the first speaker was Ted Nugent, who began his speech by saying, president Zelensky is a raging homosexual. That's how Donald Trump kicked off his campaign. Then Donald Trump took the stage and played the January 6th insurrection anthem that he created with the band that he was a part of called the J six Choir, some of the most violent insurrectionists who attacked and try to kill police officer.


So let's wait until Donald Trump's other day one promise in addition to 2005000% tariffs, bloody deportations when he pardons all of the January 6th insurrectionists on day one. Like he says, he is going to the Oath Keepers, the proud boys. Does that mean Stuart Rhodes? Does that mean Enrique Tario I mean actual terrorists getting pardoned on day one? That's what he said he is going to do. He's doing the other things he said he was going to do. Shocked, shocked, I tell you. But look, I thought Brett and Jordy and Midas mighty what potentially was a worse outcome if I want to find a silver lining here, is that he brings on still extreme people, but who were a little more under the radar and he kind of drips out his agenda over a long period of time and doesn't try for this immediate thud kind of immediate crisis, like immediate shock to the system conflict literally on day one or before day one.


To the extent there's good news here because we're ready to fight. The showdown is actually happening like right now already, and the pressure needs to be applied right now. I mean, just think about it. He announces Matt Gates, what does the ethics committee do? They leak right away that Matt Gates had sex with an underage girl, which people knew about, but they've leaked the fact that she testified before the ethics committee. The ethics committee is now meeting to try to ensure that Gates does not get confirmed by, are they gonna release the full report? I think they're going to release the report Gates resigns from his seat in Congress, which actually many people are relieved for so that he can take the position of Attorney General.


But more importantly, he thinks that will pre preempt the ethics committee from releasing the report, but I think they'll probably just release it, you know, you know, anyway, and they'll leak it even if it's not like a formal release. And so we're going to see this I mean the outcry against Tulsi Gabbard, who Donald Trump nominated to be the director of National Intelligence. I mean she's someone who word for word verbatim parroted Russian propaganda. She's the one who said that Vladimir Putin was justified for invading Ukraine because of bio labs, which frankly don't exist. But she was literally parroting his, parroting his talking points and she said if NATO did an encroach in Russian territory, Vladimir Putin would not have had to do what he had to do.


That's who Donald Trump is appointing as the director of National Intelligence. And then a dude named Pete Heif to become the Secretary of Defense, like a, a dude who said that he doesn't like to wash his, he hasn't washed his hands in 10 years or, or, or, or wash his body in 10 years. So he could be, you know, at least, at least he's not in charge of health, I guess. But on the other hand, person in charge of of health wants an eight year moratorium on any research and development dealing with infectious diseases.


Brett I mean, just think about that. And he wants the gut about a thousand people as well. Yeah, the dogs are not happy. Rocco's not happy about it, Ben. The dogs are certainly not happy. Yeah, I mean, you know, we're here, we're dealing with now, you know, a a pretty big crisis where we're putting really incompetent people in positions of all out of power. Like the department that RFK is nominated to run, has a big budget and controls a lot of things. I mean he's gonna be in charge of overseeing the FDA, the CDC I mean if this was during the Covid Pandemic, we would still be in the, the height of the pandemic and there would be like even more deaths.


And you saw how horrifically they handled it then. And you see that across the board. I mean putting a, a Fox host as the Secretary of Defense, like yes, the guy was in the military and of course respect his service there. But there are a lot of people in the military that actually have high ranking positions of power and leadership experience and have been doing this for a very long time and actually know what the heck they're doing, rather than somebody who hosts the morning show on Fox and has no experience in this field, has no business running this department with these massive budgets. Somebody who's a massive warhawk, by the way, like one of the big pitches of all the kind of Trumpers before he won was like, oh yeah, Trump to Donald Trump, he is gonna, he's the peace candidate, he's the peace guy.


He's got all these democratic war moners and neocons, and then you got Donald Trump, the peace guy. Nothing in Donald Trump's history has ever said he was the peace guy. I mean he would constantly say that he wanted to bomb the crap outta people. He did bomb the crap outta people when he was president just because he didn't like start new wars and stuff. He was still oversaw a bunch of other conflicts and wars and bombed a lot of people and did a lot of extra judicial, judicial killings that did a lot of kind of crazy things. And so let's, like not, let's put away this, this facade that he was some sort of anti-war dove Donald the dove. Absolutely not. Who does he stock his stack, his cabinet, his new cabinet with a bunch of war mongers, a bunch of these neocons where if, you know, these Trump supporters saw them in any other administration, they'd go, what the heck is going on this guy?


These, these are horrible people. You have people who want to like literally, you know, wipe Palestine off the face of the earth. You have people who want to go to war with Iran, you have people who really want to ratchet things up. And so these are kind of all the things that we're seeing percolating right now. And part of the strategy, I think is like with a lot of Trump things, it's throw so much crap out there that you just overwhelm the system, right? That's what he did with legal. You throw so much crap out there, you overwhelm the courts, you're able to push things back with this. It's like, okay, let's just make every cabinet position just insane. And what are they gonna do? Are gonna fight me on all of them. They're gonna put up a battle on all of them, or are they gonna have to choose their battles? But you know, that's where we're at.


It's, it's interesting because the first day when Trump made his like initial appointments, like his first few appointments, you know, and you started hearing about Rubio a little bit, you know, that wasn't named yet, but you were like, these are bad, but you know, they're, they're bad. But by Donald Trump's standards, they could be much worse, right? Like, like the, the, you could see these people in other Republican administrations, you know, like more normal Republican administrations. But the whole time we were like, yeah, but wait, but, but give it, give it a day, give it two days. And sure enough, you know, everything since then has just been alright. This is crazy. This is crazier, this is even crazier. This is even crazier and it's not gonna let up.


Couldn't agree more with you Brett. Look, I wanna show you in their own words what these individuals who Donald Trump's appointing have said. I wanna show you what Republicans have said about them. I wanna also talk about Donald Trump creating a make believe government agency that doesn't exist. The Doge department and appointing Vive, Ramis Swami and Elon Musk to lead the Doge department. I want to talk about, I want to talk about that in a moment as well, because Elon Musk right now has a gray check mark next to the name of the Doge department, which signifies this account is verified because it is a government or multilateral organization based upon my review and interpretation of the law.


And this is my opinion, although I think if you look at the law, it will comport, you can create fake government agencies and masquerade as federal officials also. Elon Musk made a post. We are very, or or the Doge department made a post. We are very grateful to the thousands of Americans who have expressed interest in helping us at Doge. We don't need more part-time idea generators. We need super high iq, small government revolutionaries willing to work 80 plus hours per week plus hours on unglamorous cost cutting. If that's you DM this account with your cv, Elon and Vivek will review the top 1% of applicants.


So creating a make believe government agency based upon a kind of scammy meme coin that is very volatile for those watching. It's got this, the, the Doge meme logo, by the way, Ben, a meme coin that Elon Musk is known to also own a lot of. So by creating this fake department, he knows that it's going to inflate his own net worth even further because he is bringing attention to this meme coin, which is causing the price to spike. And he gets the profit off it and he also gets the profit off this whole concept of the way you even apply for the job.


Like he, he, he puts it on Twitter and he says, that message that you read about you gotta work 80 hours a week, he says, send in in the dms, you send me in the dms, your resume, and we'll only, we're only gonna accept resumes via Twitter dms and only accept them from premium Twitter users or ex users. So the people who are eligible for the pseudo government position, 'cause they're trying to find a gray area, I guess, so they're not under oversight or something, but Donald Trump is like calling it a government position, but it's not because it's like they, they speak to like other departments and they, they give the recommendations. But so in order to apply for that, in order To get the privilege of working 80 hours a week in this fake government job, you have to apply via Twitter DM and pay Elon Musk $8 a month.


I mean this is like one of the single most brazenly, corrupt things I have ever seen. And you think back to like Jimmy Carter who had to sell like his peanut farm. You think back to all, all all these things that used to be kind of ethics scandals, and then you have the biggest ethics scandal in the world staring you in the face, literally on social media being retweeted and posted at you. And everyone's just like, oh yeah, it's just a billionaire thing. We, we can live in an oligarchy. Now that's, isn't that cool? Isn't that cool that we live in an oligarchy? And that's what you see forming right now, unfortunately, you see really the US heading kind of towards a full Russian style oligarchy where you have people like Donald Trump where you have people like Elon Musk who are completely, completely, completely running the show, who are dictating what people do, who are dictating where people spend their money, who are picking winners and losers based on, and and you'll see Trump do this with tariffs too, by the way.


You'll see him implement these tariffs, but will grant an exception to his buddy in this industry or will grant an exception to this buddy. It's gonna be bribery through and through and through, like the whole administration is going to be one big kind of scam. And that's what we're already seeing with Trump. That's what we're already seeing with Elon. And it's just gonna continue to To get worse. I wanna remind everybody that patreon.com/midas touch, we will be hosting a live Zoom meeting on Monday on, so be there patreon.com Oh, that's exciting. Might, might as touch Monday after the show.


We will be meeting with all of you. So I I, I haven't really seen anybody since the election, and so I'd love to see your faces, love to see all, we've got a lot to discuss. I wanna remind everybody or show everybody corporate media's not talking about this, just how Vladimir Putin's just like trolling and dominating Donald Trump now ordering state run media to like play nudes of Melania over and over again denying that he's had any communications with Donald Trump. I mean, I, I saw Russian TV yesterday. They were just saying, and Donald Trump's showing his love affair or his love of Putin by doing all this. Like we know Donald Trump said, like, the world's laughing at us.


No, the right now Putin and our adversaries are laughing at us and the rest of the world is like, all right, see you later, America. You know, not sure how you did that, but like, I guess, I guess we're going it without America now. We've got a lot to discuss. Let's take our first quick break of the show.


You would never clean your face with an abrasive scrub because it messes with your skin's natural barrier, right? So what if I told you that toilet paper is doing the exact same thing to your bottom causing micro tears on your body's most delicate skin? Yikes. The solution. Switch to a Tushy bidet and wash with a gentle, soothing stream of water every time you go. I've been using the tissue bidet and there is no going back. The installation was super easy. It took me less than 10 minutes to set up and I didn't need any special tools or extra plumbing. It fits right in with my bathroom vibe too. And you actually feel clean after you use it. The tissue bidet easily attaches to your existing toilet And. it doesn't need electricity or complicated plumbing. You just sit, do your thing and turn the knob for a refreshing stream of water. Then you could pat dry with a little toilet paper. Simple and effective plus every Hello Tushy bide comes with a 30 day hassle-free return, and a 12 month warranty. It's time we give love and care to our body's most sensitive skin. And join the 2 million butts who have already switched to Tushy for a limited time. Our listeners get 10% off their first Bidet Otter when you use Code Midas at checkout. That's 10% off your first bidet order at hello tushi.com with promo code Midas. M-E-I-D-A-S.


Midas Touch is brought to you by bookshop.org. You may be watching or listening to our show right now, but are you reading enough? It's time to dive back into books and conquer that reading goal you set for yourself this year with bookshop.org. There are so many great books out right now that help you make sense of this moment. Or maybe you just wanna To, get away from the political noise and unwind with a good novel. Bookshop dot org has just the book you're looking for. bookshop.org is unapologetically antiaz Amazon. Why? Because when you purchase from Bookshop dot org, you're supporting local independent bookstores. So they'll be around for all of us to enjoy in the future. They're committed to helping independent bookstores not just survive, but thrive and continue to foster culture, curiosity, and a love of reading in your community. Bookshop dot org has raised over $30 million from local bookstores. You can even pick which bookstore you wanna support, whether it's your local bookstore or your hometown favorite. bookshop.org is truly for everyone who loves to read and knows the power of a good book. I just finished reading the attributes 25 Hidden Drivers of Optimal Performance by Rich Devinney. And I cannot recommend it enough. This is one of bookshop dot org's bestsellers. And after reading through it, I totally understand why start feeling good about where you buy books. Use code Midas To. get 10% off your next order@bookshop.org. That's code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S To. get 10% off@bookshop.org.


I'm always on the lookout for immune strength during cold and flu season. So I just discovered an incredible product, Armra colostrum. Now my immune health has never been stronger. I recently began using Armra colostrum because I need something to help strengthen my gut barrier, protecting against toxins, chemicals, and pollutants that drive inflammation. Colostrum is the first nutrition we receive in life and is an exclusive source of all the essential nutrients we need in order to thrive. Armra colostrum is sustainably sourced and is a proprietary concentrate of bovine colostrum that harnesses over 400 functional nutrients to strengthen your immune barriers. Your body's inside suit of armor and the first line of defense against harmful particles from the environment that can trigger inflammation and make you sick. Armor colostrum strengthens immunity, ignites metabolism, fortifies gut health promotes hair growth and skid, radiance and powers. Fitness, performance and recovery. Armour colostrum strengthens all four layers of your gut wall, where 80% of your immune cells are housed. When the immune barriers of your gut are compromised, you are left vulnerable. The body's gut wall system is your critical line of defense against particles from the environment that can make you sick. Arm colostrum strengthens all four layers of gut wall system naturally optimizing your microbiome, fortifying your gut wall architecture, and replenishing your army of immune cells securing your highest integrity, gut health and immune system. It's a rich, exclusive source of immunoglobulins, antibodies that optimize your immune defense during cold and flu season. So I take three to four scoops of Armra colostrum a day and increase, increase it as desired for amplified defense as a whole. Food. There's no such thing as too much. We've worked out a special offer for our audience here. For this Armra Colostrum. Receive 15% off your first order, go to try Armra dot com slash midas or enter Midas To. get 15% off your first order. That's try Armra dot com. You spell it T-R-Y-A-R-M-R a.com/midas, MEI ds. Go and check that out now. Try Armra dot com slash midas.


Shout out to our pro democracy sponsors links in description of both YouTube and audio. Use the links, use the codes, let them know we sent you Benji. Where to next? Let's just talk about what some of Matt Gaetz's own Republican colleagues has said about Matt Gaetz. So for example, here's Republican Tony Gonzalez. When he was asked previously several months back about Matt Gates. He says, you know, gates is a scumbag who pays minors to have sex with him at drug party. So what his own party says about him here, play this clip, He will survive. Look, the house is a rough and rowdy place, but Mike Johnson is gonna be just fine. I served 20 years in the military. It's my absolute honor to be in Congress, but I served with some real scumbags.


Look, Matt Gates, he paid minors to have sex with 'em at drug parties. Bob good endorsed my opponent, a known neo-Nazi. These people used to walk around with white hoods at night. Now they're walking around with white hoods in the daytime. By the way, he's talking about people in his own party too. To be clear, that was a, it was a Republican talking about Republicans having sex with minors and being Nazis. Here, listen to Matt Gates in his own words. This was back during the 2022 midterms when he said that. Really? He says, the only women who are fighting for women's reproductive rights are, are the ugly ones.


He says, here, play this clip. Is it safe to say that based off of your comments, you're suggesting that these women at these abortion rallies are ugly and overweight? Yes. What do you say to people who think that those comments are offensive? Be offended. Be offended. He says. and Matt Gaetz also once said that if he was the Attorney General, he would fire tons of people in the FBI. He would do a mass purge of the FBI. Let's play that one. Maybe I should serve as Attorney General of the United States. I'd. I'd be easy on marijuana and tough on big tech. Wouldn't that be a nice reversal?


If necessary, I'd fire every little shit kicker at the JR Edgar Hoover building and send 'em all packing. If you really wanna drain the swamp, hire a Florida man. Let's go, Matt. We've drained plenty of swamps in Florida and we know how to finish the job. Just like the alligators in the Everglades, DC swamp creatures have spent seemingly millennia adapting to their surroundings. They can be very dangerous if not properly handled, but we know that the swamp isn't truly drained until the hides of the gators are hanging on the wall.


It's Matt Gates. How about Mike, should we next? Mike Huckabee, the new ambassador to Israel, who self-identifies as a Christian Zionist who believes that the West Bank doesn't really exist and it's Judea Sumara, you shouldn't even call it the West Bank. He says, and he says that there's no such thing as the Palestinian state, that Palestine just doesn't exist at all. And look for Donald Trump, who convinced many Palestinians and, and Arab Americans as well. And he took that trip to Dearborn, Michigan and with leaders in the Arab American community, Donald Trump signed a peace plaque in Dearborn, Michigan.


And they said, ah, he's gonna call for the ceasefire. He's gonna call. Meanwhile, you had Vice President Kamala Harris and President Biden quite literally calling for a ceasefire and actually working to try to apply pressure on Benjamin Netanyahu to have a ceasefire. You've heard President Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris articulate a two state solution as well. Well, we were trying to say by, by the way, the uncommitted protests and a lot of people who I understand and and empathize with the strong feelings, but they seem to only exclusively protest at Vice President Kamala Harris events and President Biden events.


Curious. And they frequently went on the record and said, either vote for Jill Stein or Donald Trump. But under no circumstance should you vote for first President Biden and then Kamala Harris under no circum. Where where did Jill, where did Jill go? Where's Jill Stein? She got under her hibernate. She's back in her hibernation for the next four years, which has gotta reappear for an election and then try to screw over another election. That's just her thing. She just goes just dead silent. And then she props up a couple months before an election. She builds all this animosity and then vanishes disappears. Yeah, you y all got played. I just gotta say sorry. Well, here is Mike Huckabee at a recent speech that he gave talking about how he refuses to even acknowledge the, the word West Bank.


Here play this clip. My feeling personally, and I'm speaking only as a person, I think Israel would only be acting on the property it already owns. I think Israel has title deed, the Judea and Samaria. There are certain words I refuse to use. There is no such thing as a West Bank. It's Judea and Samaria. There's no such thing as a settlement. They're communities, they're neighborhoods. They're cities. There's no such thing as an occupation that they get out of their minds. That people are living in lean tos and tents sleeping in cars circled around a tree. They're living in very well-designed and beautiful cities and communities.


Can't wait. To, get back. I'm gonna take an extra hat. I'm gonna get it to, to President-elect Trump, build Israel. Great again. Who knows? We may see him wear this out there in one of his rallies somewhere. I don't know. Can't promise that. I can only promise he will get a copy of the hat. Thank you very much. And here's another clip of Mike Huckabee saying that he just doesn't even believe that a Palestinian state should ever exist here. Play this clip. Basically I mean there really is no such thing as, I have to be careful in saying this 'cause people really get, there's no such things a Palestinian it's, and Persians, you don't, you know, and there's such complexity within that.


There's really no such thing that that's been a political tool to try to force land away from Israel. So now, as I mentioned before, we're hearing from the uncommitted leaders and they're now saying, oh, they protesting Donald Trump. Are they in front of Mar-a-Lago? Are they, is that what we see? No. Where, where are they? They're still, they're still either attacking or pleading with President Biden, you need to stop Donald Trump. Help us. Donald Trump's gonna do an ethnic cleansing. You need, you need to jump in and stop this Biden. They're actually, how do you, how do you go on TV after all of that?


And, and do what this guy just did After everything we know that happened. He goes on TV like, have you no shame. You now go to Biden and say, Biden, I need you to help out. Biden's a lame duck president now. I hate that. But he is. Go, go, ask, go ask Trump. Go ask Mike Huckabee I mean here. This is for real. Watch this. It looks like ethnic cleansing. It sounds like ethnic cleansing. It's an ethnic cleansing campaign in Gaza, in West Bank, in southern Lebanon. And Mike heck, Mike Huckabee was just named as the guy who's going to oversee the final stages of that campaign. And so our message right now is to President Biden, you've gotta do something about this. President Biden, stand up for once to Netanyahu before Donald Trump successfully gets away with pinning this legacy of this ethnic cleansing campaign on your, on you and you alone forevermore.


Sorry if I'm in artful here, but like, how dare you honestly. How, how, how dare you. It it, it's, it's really shame. It's really shameful stuff to try to pin this on, on Joe Biden. You're gonna pin this on President Biden because now you realize the consequences of your actions. Like this is an issue that we were all trying, everyone was trying to solve in this administration. This is something that we were all hoping for, right? Everyone was pushing for a ceasefire. Everyone was pushing To, get the hostages home. This is something that Kamala Harris reiterated on the campaign trail over and over and over again. We want peace in Gaza. We want a two-state solution. We want to bring the hostages home. We want to ensure that people aren't dying every day.


And this is a very delicate situation that goes back a very, very, very long time. And it's, and it's horrible to watch, of course, every single day. But to see all these efforts happening and to see all these intricate pieces where you have a Netanyahu who's like a Trump of Israel. Like, we gotta remember that, right? And then you have all these other bad actors around him, all with their interests in mind, right? And you see all of this happening and you see President Biden and Kamala Harris trying to thread the needle and doing everything they can. And then you see Donald Trump going out there and saying, we want Israel to quote, finish the job. We want them to finish the job. That, what do you think he meant by finish the job?


What do you think Jared Kushner meant by there's some good beachfront property over there in Gaza that we could build some nice high-rise condos in. What'd you think? You, what what'd you think he meant by that? When he would, he said that on, on it was on a recording. I'm not like making this up. Like it's not a rumor. It it wasn't a leaked email. He said this on a recording. You knew that. And to fall for Donald Trump's gaslighting to fall for his constant lies. And then after it's all said and done to then go back and blame President Biden I mean, how dare you, honestly. How dare you. It it really makes, it really makes me angry. And I, and honestly, I'm, I'm very scared for all the people in that area right now. I I I mean we, they've just given a green light for anything to happen there.


Donald Trump, you think he's gonna handle this delicately? You think he's gonna go in there and, and try to thread the needle and try to ensure that all sides get a, a, a lasting peace? Or, or do you think he's gonna do the same strategy he does? Where he goes anywhere, which is all let's just let him take over everything. That's my peace plan. That's the peace plan. That that's what he wants to do in Ukraine also. He just won't rush to take over everything. I mean. That's how, that's how Donald Trump envisions peace. So if you had another envision of peace in your mind, I don't know, tell you, well, you know, I, I understand that somebody like an Elon Musk is voting in his interest, right? I understand that there is a group of rich oligarchs voting in their interest, but there were so many groups voting against their interest repeatedly over and over again.


And, you know, I, as I said at the outset, I don't want this to be an I told you so moment, but what do you think it meant when Donald Trump said, you are vermin. You are the enemy from within. What do you think he said when he said, bloody mass deportations? Like, what do, what what do you think that actually meant? You know, what do you think he meant when he said he was gonna send Haitian migrants who were lawfully here back to Venezuela? Like, what, what do you think he meant when he made those comments? W you know, there's so many people now Googling, what's a tariff? You know, can I get deported? What's gonna happen? And it's like the time to do that research was before the election.


Still have a lot to discuss. I wanna remind everybody, patreon.com/midas touch. We're gonna do a zoom meeting with all of our patrons on Monday, and then we're gonna start doing more regular patron meetings. You know, I just think it's a good time to, you know, just spend time with each other and see each other. So patreon.com/midas touch. Let's take our last quick break of the show.


Autumn leaves are so beautiful until they're clogging your gutters. And I know you're probably busy like me this season, so getting up on a ladder and cleaning your gutters can be very difficult. And I'm a low maintenance kind of homeowner, so I want to try to find solutions that protect my home and that don't require that much work for me while I'm focused on our pro-democracy media network. So look, I made an investment in something called Lee Filter 'cause it's really an investment in protecting my home. And in your case, your own home I mean clawed gutters. They're not just a nuisance. They can cause extensive problems and do-it-yourself solutions may work for the time being, but ultimately costs more money in the long run. So what Leaf Filter does is it uses this patented technology to keep out everything but water, no holes, no gaps, or large openings for debris To get through. Every installation comes with a free inspection estimate and lifetime guarantee. The lifetime guarantee was really important for me. A Leaf filter Trusted Pro will clean out, realign and seal your gutters before, before installing Leaf filter. And over 1 million homeowners have trusted Leaf filter. So protect your home and never clean out gutters again with Leaf Filter. It's America's number one gutter protection system. Schedule your free inspection and get up to 30% off your entire purchase@leaffilter.com slash midas. That's a free inspection and up to 30% off at LEAF filter.com/midas. See representative for warranty details. Promotion is 20% off, plus a 10% senior and military discount. One discount per household. Again, Lee filter.com/midas


lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. And on the app, it lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives you tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and even stress management. That's why I love it. All you have to do is you breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning and you'll know what's going on in your metabolism. Whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs, then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for that day based on your measurements. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals so you know exactly what's going on in your body in real time. And Lumen will give you tips to keep you on top of your health game. Your metabolism is your body's engine. It's how your body turns the food you eat into fuel that keeps you going because your metabolism is at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to a bunch of benefits. Includes including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, better sleep, et cetera. Lumen gives you recommendations to improve your metabolic health. It can also track your cycle as well as the onset of menopause, and adjust your recommendations to keep your metabolism healthy through hormonal shift so you can keep up your energy and stave off cravings. Look, I love Lumen and I know you will too. So if you want to take the next step in improving your health, go to Lumen, LUME n.me/midas To. get 15% off your Lumen. That is LUEN. Do me slash Midas for 15% off your purchase. One more time. Go to lumen.me/midas LU e.me/midas and get 15% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Let's face it, after night with drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. Hey, I gotta be honest with myself, right? It feels like I have to choose between having a great night or a great next day. That is until I found pre-cool Zbiotics. Pre-Cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough. Next day. Pre alcohol produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make Zbiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have Preh alcohol before drinks, I notice a difference The next day, for example, after a fun night out with friends at like a local bar or wherever we go, I could still get up the next morning and hit the gym. And I'll admit I was skeptical at first, but I tried it at a dinner party with some friends, and the next morning I felt great, ready to tackle the day. Ready to do more videos here at the Midas Touch Network. I kept hearing about pre-cool and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I get the Hype Plus with their GMO technology, Zbiotics is continuing to create probiotics that tackle the challenges of moderate living. Go to Zbiotics dot com slash Midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use code Midas at checkout, Zbiotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you are unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to Zbiotics dot com slash midas and use that code Midas. It's M-E-I-D-S at checkout for 15% off. Shout out to our sponsors, links in description of YouTube and audio. Use the codes, use the links, let them know we sent you


Benji. Where to next? Let's talk about what's going on in international affairs. Because one of Donald Trump's promises, of course, was that within 24 hours of being elected, he said before he was even sworn in, he said he was gonna call Putin. They were gonna call him Zelensky. And he was gonna say, Hey, Putin, hey Zelensky, will you stop it? Stop it. And then voila, a deal would be made. A deal would be made. Well, that didn't happen. Instead, Donald Trump leaked to the Washington Post that he had called Vladimir Putin and said, Putin deescalate.


Now in reciprocity of mutual respect and international relations, one would assume that Vladimir Putin would issue a response. We had a phone call that was productive and we are exploring options. That would be a signal back of respect. What did Vladimir Putin do? Hey, Russian TV show some Melania nudes and they started airing the nudes of Melania on basically their version of Sean Hannity. Each and every night as the hosts literally were laughing and saying, ha ha, America, your body, your choice, huh Donald, your wife's body, her choice.


Ha ha. So that's what was going on there. And then Vladimir Putin denied having any conversations with Donald Trump. He called it pure fiction. In other words, saying to Donald Trump, didn't happen. Don't know what you're talking about it, you are a liar. You're making it up. And then, you know what he did? He intentionally blew up a reservoir in Ukraine to escalate further pushing North Korean troops further into Ukraine and amassing another 50,000 troops demonstrating actually an escalation versus a deescalation. So quite literally all of those steps, every single one of them was basically to give the middle finger to Donald Trump on purpose right there.


But what does Donald Trump do? In turn, you have to realize, you have to think about the Tulsi Gabbard selection in the context of Putin showing domination to Trump, right? As Putin dominates, dominates, dominates. What does the beta do? I'm using their MAGA language, right? What does the weak one do? Trying to now show, but show, but boss. But boss. I got Tulsi boss, but boss, I've got tulsi, I've got Tulsi Gabbard. So w are are, are we good now? And I think we're gonna see more and more of that and just complete and utter weakness, you know, is being shown by Donald Trump.


You know, the international communities taking notice as well. You have in the uk, the British Parliament, you know, and, and parliaments across the country. You know, they're factoring in what things will look like. Of course, without the America being an ally. This is now, you know, part of the discussion. I think we have it here. Here's Ed Davey in the UK Parliament addressing the Prime Minister. And they're basically saying, look, Don, just listen to how he says it too. Look, listen to how Davey says it. He goes, Donald Trump's senior advisor, his son Don Jr.


Is posting memes saying that Zelensky will have his allowance cut off. What are we doing now? Because America has just completely lost it here. Watch, I could show you dozens of clips in different parliaments, but I think I just want to give you an international perspective of what's going on here. Play this clip, A senior advisor to President-elect Trump. Donald Trump Jr. Has shared a post on Instagram that declares that President Zelensky will soon, within the next few weeks, lose his allowance. If the Trump administration does withdraw support from our brave Ukrainian allies, will the UK and Europe step up to fill the gap?


Will he seize frozen Russian assets? Not just the interest, but the assets underlying that so he can fund a huge boost to the Ukrainian forces in their fight against Putin's war machine. Mr. Speaker, as he knows, we've been resolute and strong in our support for Ukraine in the face of Russian aggression. And I have been speaking, as he will know in recent weeks with other leaders about how we put Ukraine in the best and strongest possible position at this time. And I'll continue those discussions. Thank you. I mean, I think the whole world at this point has to, like, that's on's going on inter, I, I think the whole world has to look at America right now and be like, this is a country that's been infiltrated.


Like, not, not to sound conspiratorial, but in many ways, you know, whe whether in many ways it feels like America's been infiltrated by like Russian intelligence. And we're getting like literal, you know, who people say are like Russian stooges. When you have a Tulsi Gabbard and things like that, you're getting them in places of power. You're getting people who repeat literal Russian propaganda against America in power. And that includes tulsi, that includes RFK Jr, who both spread this biolab conspiracy theory, Russia and Russian State tv they call tulsi. They, they, they call her something like our little girlfriend and like our, our little agent in America. Like, like, like that's how they refer to her on their, that that same show, like those versions of Sean Hannity, those are the things they're saying about these people.


And those are the people who Donald Trump chose to put in high levels of his administration. So, you know, a guy like Putin has to be laughing his ass off right now about what he's done to this country, laughing his ass off when he sees these people who go so against America's interests, but so pro-Russia that he's gotta just be, wow, that was far too easy. You know, Brett, you raised such an ultimate point now, and we could tie this whole episode together because here in the United States of America, we saw so many groups vote against their interest. I mean, you know, small, some groups voted technically for their interest in a shortsighted way, but by and large you had people voting to deport themselves, ban themselves, destroy the countries that they care about and that they've been fighting for.


You've had people vote to increase their own taxes to destroy their own unions. You could go through all the list, right groups voting against their self. But the biggest group that voted against itself at large is the United States of America. You add it all up as a collective whole America just handed this all, and this is the big reveal of who's Kaiser Soce at the end of the movie, two Vladimir Putin, at the end of the day, all of this, who did this all benefit? Who's the one who's laughing at this because he didn't have the military power to even be the second biggest army in Russia.


Ukraine was, he couldn't do it with actual military might, but he did it psychologically Turning America into an Idiocracy where Hulk Hogan's there going, oh yeah, do you smell what the Hulk mania is cooking? And we're watching that in the Republican National Convention. Like, what the heck? And by the way, on CNN, do we have the clip of Scott Jennings Brett, or whatever the guy's name is, who's on CNN? And he's there talking about this like last night, and he's wearing a Hulk shirt and he's like, the, and this is what they do on CNN now. And he is like, alright, here's what we're gonna do. Let me tell you someone who's gonna deliver the SmackDown on the, and I'm watching this, and I'm like, people's lives are on the freaking line here.


You know, this would be semi amusing if, if, if this was commentary for like WE wrestling where it belongs. But this is the United States. Here play this clip. All right. Alright. If Marco Rubio does in fact become Secretary of State, we're gonna need a new senator from the state of Florida. And we need someone with Rubio's national security credentials. Now, there's one Floridian who can do it. He stood up to the Russians and the Iranians in the 1980s when he defeated the Iron Sheik and Nikola Volko, two of America's most lethal foes. He is a real American. He fights for the rights of every man he knows. The courage is the thing that keeps us free. Ladies and gentlemen, I announce Rhon DeSantis, get on it.


Hulk Hogan for US Senate. And what you gonna do, Chuck Schumer, when Hulkamania runs Wild on you, brother. All Right, got, we gotta leave it there. Everyone talk. Thank you very, By the way, you could say, Ben, where's your sense of humor in all of this? He's just, he's joking. Well, really, because Hulk Hogan was the keynote speaker on the final day of the Republican National Convention. Hulk Hogan was one of Donald Trump's main surrogates on Fox who was selling Donald Trump's lie, that tariffs are a tax on the foreign country, not a tax on Americans, which it is. So, I, I don't find it funny when my fellow Americans are going to be hurt and injured or worse and feel pain.


Or as Elon Musk who's now worth like $400 billion, said, the American people are gonna have to face hardship. You're gonna need to feel the hard, why would you vote for your hardship? Why would you vote for that? We, we were on a path out of it. Why would you vote for your own suffering? But here's the thing, and I was gonna talk about Melania Trump. You know, I'm gonna talk about Melania Trump ditching the White House when President Biden invited her there and she, and this looks like an AI statement, Mr. She goes, Mrs. Trump will not be attending today's meeting at the White House. Her husband's return to the Oval Office to commence the transition process is encouraging.


She wishes him great success. This is my borid impression in the instance, several unnamed sources in the media continued to provide false, misleading and inaccurate information about what? Melania, you didn't show up. It seems pretty damn accurate to me. What false information are people spreading about you? You didn't show up. You were invited to show up to be at the White House where President Biden was going above and beyond anything he needed to, or frankly, should have been doing. But I reflect on that moment too. I mean, oh, by the way, Melania is now, she's selling photos of herself for a hundred and was it hundred and $95? These photos of herself that she's selling? This isn't a real post from her today.


This is her new series of photos of her for a hundred and right. $195. Our whole, our whole federal government right now is just like one big grift. It's so, yeah, Melania is selling this. You have e Elon after he posted about that after he was nominated or whatever, it's not a real job. It's not a real agency to this Doge committee. He's like, guess what guys? Merch is coming soon. Get ready for the Doja merch. That Doge department merch. Like, this is what we're doing. This is what we've done with the government, I guess. Yeah, I guess, I guess this, and by the way, you know, and by the way, you know, on Fox, on Hannity and all these shows, they're like, Donald Trump's appointments are triggering the woke libs.


It's, it's so triggering. It's like, could you just have normal people do the normal positions? It, it, it, it should triggering woke, just hire competent people. And by the way, I, I'm, I'm happy to acknowledge when there's something good, okay? The bad is far outweighs anything. But I'm happy to acknowledge if somebody's qualified for a position, even if I do not agree with them and, and what they do. I, I, I'm at least like that's, that, that's somebody that Marco Rubio. Yeah, that's why we didn't attack the Rubio position, because any other sort of administration that'd be like, okay, I, I guess, yeah, happy, I'd be happy about it. But relatively normal, all things aside. Such a good point. Jordy, like Rubio fine, you know?


Right. I disagree with him on everything, but that's a fine, that's fine for, for, for an administration like this. Fine, go go ahead With Rubio, who, who else has Trump been like, he, he's nominating like Todd Blanche to be like Deputy Ag Todd Blanche Trump's lawyer in the, in the criminal cases, I mean he's a real lawyer, right? He, he, he's, he's did, did Blanche work in DOJ Ben. I, I, I, I forget Blanche is like, blanche is a serious guy that's, you know, you, you might not like that he represented Donald Trump, but, but he's a serious guy. He's a competent guy. Far more competent than Matt Gaetz. I mean. You could actually see a situation where like a Matt Gaetz doesn't get the nomination if they bring these into hearings and where somebody like a Todd Blanche ends up getting boosted up to that position, which would actually make sense and be a responsible thing to do.


But we're seeing at the tops of these levels, far too many of the positions him put in people who do not have the experience, who do not have the qualifications, and they're putting those people in control of your lives. And this is something like we, we've warned about what the entire time where we said, you know, we, we joked watch, she's gonna put, we didn't even joke. We were like, watch, she's gonna put this person in charge of the education, this person in charge of this, like these, these lunatic people. And, and you'll see if a, if a Supreme Court seat opens up, he'll definitely put like ID and Cannon or so, you know, somebody like that in there. Like that's, this is what he's doing. He's also, he's rewarding all of his loyalists, also all the people who stuck by him, who may have risked their careers, all this stuff. They're also now getting rewarded by Trump.


And Trump is putting them in to be loyalists to him, to also further insulate himself from any other damage or any sort of discord or any sort of disagreement or, or anything. So it's, it's very clear. And I'll be, you know, I'm happy to be straight and say, I don't agree with this person, but he's qual but that person's qualified for the job or she's qualified for the job. But there are far too many people who like, quite literally, Trump is putting these people's, our health in their hands. He's putting our education in these people's hands. He's putting our, our military in these people's hands. Military in the end of a Fox News host. Like, it, it's just the whole thing is, is so baffling, it's so dangerous. You know, our adversaries are completely laughing at us.


It's not an own the Libs thing, you know, I don't, I don't like whatever, like, governing should not be about triggering the lips. Governing should be about what, what is best for the country? What makes us a serious country? What makes a country that's ready to handle challenges? Because as we've seen with literally every administration going back to the beginning of America and going back to the beginning of any country ever, there are always gonna be big problems that arise, problems that arise. And when those problems arise, you better hope that you have the right people in those positions. Covid Donald Trump woefully unprepared. And when it came, what happened? He did everything wrong. He denied that it was a thing. He called it a hoax. It was a disaster because he was in charge, And it and led to the deaths of more than a million people in this country.


And we can't let that happen. We, we, we've seen through other administrations too, right? We've seen other things that could have turned into pandemics. That, that, that, that could have been really bad. The government dealt with them. And we'll never know at this point how bad it could have been because we had competent people in charge. But now, inevitably, if conflict breaks out overseas, if another pandemic hits, if any of this happens, we are leaving our fate not to end this on, on a cheery and optimistic note. But we are leaving our fate in the hands of, of these lunatics, quite frankly, And. It's, it's incredibly unsettling to me. And I'm not gonna sugarcoat it. Jordy, I want to pass it to you for your final thoughts of, of, of this. But look, that was dark.


I'll leave it at this though. Look, the, the, the, but, but, but look, dark times call for leadership. Dark times call for solidarity and, and people to speak up and not be silenced. It's why the day after the election we picked ourselves up, And, it was hard, but we immediately made it clear to everybody in this community that we stand with, you we're gonna keep on growing, we're not stopping. And we are going to keep building coalitions, getting the word out and making sure that people know what the stakes here. I not to end it on a dark note like Brett, but on a optimistic positive one.


Like Ben, or like me. Sorry. Yes. I like when you refer to yourself in person. Well, that's why I called myself out on it, self-aware, but I was doing the Brett Bend dichotomy. Is that, is, is that we, I believe love and hope and optimism and helping people and progress will ultimately always win because people want to be happy. You know, the, the, the being filled with hate and being driven on anger, that, that, that the gas runs out quickly on that, that is. So we wanna be optimistic and help each other and, and, and live in communities where we can love and support each other and respect each other's freedoms, and respect each other's ability to live as human beings and not hurt each other.


And so I'm confident that we build that. I'm confident that people are seeing what's going on. And you all Midas mighty who are a part of this community, you're gonna help get the word out right now about everything that's happening, about what tariffs really are, about. Who Trump's appointing about, like Huckabee, about Homan, about Tulsi Gabbard. That's why we give you the clip. Show people the stuff, show people the data. Show me the data. We're doing an after show patreon.com/midas touch. See you at the after show, after the show. We'll see you there right now. And then we're gonna do the live Zoom meeting, not today, the live Zoom meeting, patreon.com/minus Dutch.


Next Monday after the show today, WABA, we're gonna record an after show. Thanks everybody for watching Jordy. Shout out to the S Hey, Midas mighty love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us now.