
The NBA 82 game grind is done, and now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here, and Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Donald Trump spent the day yesterday roaming his Virginia golf course wearing a hat that says Gulf of America, and making demented post after demented post. Let me read for you what he was saying. On Easter, apparently Donald Trump got jealous that Easter was getting too much attention and Donald Trump had to post the following since our announcement of Liberation Day, and he puts that in caps. The sentence, if it were to be truthful is the markets tanked, the dollar tanked. America has been put in a position where it's heading into a recession or something worse. But what did Donald Trump say? He said the following.


Many leaders and business executives have come to me asking for relief from tariffs. It's good to see that the world knows we are serious because we are exclamation point. Yeah, Donald, I'm sure really serious. People go around posting on social media in all caps how serious they are. Donald Trump continues to post. They must right the wrongs of decades of abuse, but it won't be easy for them. We must rebuild the wealth of our great country and create true reciprocity. Yes, Donald reciprocity amongst the penguins, reciprocity amongst Madagascar and their chocolate Donald.


I mean, what in the world are you even talking about? America was the richest nation in the world by far. Under former President Biden, we had the fastest growing GDP. We were producing the most oil here. We were energy independent. 16.2 million jobs were created record, low unemployment, 40,000 infrastructure projects. We were leading the world in green projects. We were taking the advantage and the initiative away from China, but you blew it all up, Donald, with all of your demented behavior, he continues to post. But for those who want the easiest path, come to America and build in America. Donald, if they come to America, what you're gonna send them to concentration camps in El Salvador, come to America.


What? Where there's no habeas corpus or due process anymore Under your authoritarian regime, what come to America where you and your regime extort our allies and treat allies worse than adversaries? Where you cuddle up to Vladimir Putin, where you roam your Virginia golf course on Easter, wearing ridiculous hats that say Gulf of America. It's idiotic. Donald Trump then posts the following, non tariff cheating one currency manipulation, two value added taxes, which act as tariffs and export subsidies. Three, dumping below costs, four expert subsidies and other government subsidies. Five protective agriculture standards.


Wha wha, wha Donald. We understand issues that affect global trade. If you want to address it intelligibly, then perhaps that's what you should have done. Instead of calling reciprocal tariffs what you did, and then using a formula that uses deficits and then incorrectly uses that formula to attack every country in the world with a trade war where you're now getting utterly outmaneuvered by everyone. And Donald Trump posts this photo of Judge Boberg in Washington dc the federal judge who initiated contempt proceedings against the Trump regime.


Trump posted a photo of Boberg in this article that says, judge who blocked Trump deportations took junket to event with anti-Trump, whatever. And I opened it up and I'm like, okay, what are they attacking Judge Boberg for? And it says he attended a ritzy Sun Valley event. And then it talks about who else attended the event. And they said three judges appointed by Donald Trump attended that event. So there were what, seven or eight judges appointed by Democratic administrations, three judges appointed by Trump, and that's why you're posting photos of Judge Bosberg. Then Donald Trump posts this on Easter. Radical lunatic Democrats and their comrades and the fake news media are falsely making Kilmore.


Armando Abrego Garcia out to be a very sweet and innocent person, which is a total blatant and dangerous lie. Garcia has been found by two separate courts to be a member of the violent killer gang. MS 13 was in our country illegally and is under deportation order. He was under a withholding order Donald in 2019, which says you can't send him to El Salvador. Also, when you look at the orders by those judges, it says no criminal history by the judge during your first administration in 2019. Also, y'all gave him a work permit, Donald, you did your regime, your first administration gave him a work permit.


So oh, this massive leader of the MS 13 got a work permit where he was permitted by your administration to check in once a year with ICE before he was deported somewhere other than El Salvador, which he was not to be deported, and he was able to work with his where he lived with his family. His wife's an American citizen, his kids, three kids are American citizens and no one's vouching for Abrego Garcia as a human being. We're standing up for due process. If the evidence shows that Abrego Garcia is a bad guy who engaged in criminal conduct, then there can be consequences and the consequences should be tailored to what the crimes are.


Now, if he's gonna get killed by going to El Salvador, he could be deported somewhere else. In 2019, the immigration judge said, deport him. If you wanna deport him just not to El Salvador, you violated that. The Supreme Court nine to zero said, facilitate the return. Oh, and by the way, did everybody know this on Sunday, NA Boo Kelly, the authoritarian leader of El Salvador, sent a bizarre unhinged Trump-like message to the authoritarian leader of Venezuela. Nicholas Maduro and Na Kel said, we'll give you the 230 plus prisoners that the United States gave us in our concentration camps, but in exchange, we want you to release certain prisoners being held in the Venezuelan prison system.


So great job, Donald. You now have Na Belli talking about facilitating the individuals who you gave no due process to, to the authoritarian leader of Venezuela and and as part of a prison exchange, which by the way, the authoritarian leader of Venezuela is not going to do so. You've just lowered the entire stature of the United States into a fight between El Salvador and Venezuela while China is eating your freaking lunch. Donald. Then Donald Trump posts this all in caps. The businessmen who criticize tariffs are bad at business, but really bad at politics. They don't understand or realize that I am the greatest friend that American capitalism ever had.


To which Carl Nia, a reporter for the Business Network, CNBC, posted the disclosure from Donald Trump's SEC statement in connection with Trump media, Trump social media platform, which says the following entities associated with Donald Trump have filed for bankruptcy protection in the past. This is from Trump's own filing. Let me be clear. The Trump Taj Mahal, which was built and owned by Donald Trump, filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1991. The Trump Plaza, the Trump Castle, the Trump Plaza Hotel, all owned by Donald Trump at the time, filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy. Also in 1992, THCR, which was founded by Donald Trump in 1995, filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2004, Trump Entertainment Resorts Inc.


The new name given to Trump hotels and casinos after its 2004 bankruptcy declared bankruptcy in 2009. By the way, that list there doesn't include all of the products that Donald Trump lent his name to in licensing deals, which also crashed like Trump stakes and Trump University and Trump Mortgage and all of the other Trump things that failed. By the way, as we start this week, the dollar is tanking the dollar starting the week down against every major currency in the world, with the exception of the Turkish lira. But Donald Trump continues to post away. Hopefully Russia and Ukraine will. This is all in caps, of course, all in caps on Easter while Donald Trump's golfing with a hat that says Golf of America.


Hopefully Russia and Ukraine will make a deal this week. Both will then start to do big business with the United States of America, which is thriving and make a fortune. You could get super rich. I mean Russia, Ukraine, listen to my all caps post. Do you both want to get rich? I will. Both sides this. I'm gonna treat the country that did the unlawful invasion much better than the country that was unlawfully invaded. And I'll just hand out. Y'all are gonna get so, so rich. He's a fraudster. He's a sexual predator. He is a criminal. He's found liable for fraud. Donald Trump goes on to say the golden rule of negotiating in success.


He who has the gold makes the rules. Thank you. He who has the gold makes the rules. Meanwhile, the FDA makes plans to end its routine. Safety inspection sources, say us measles total climbs to 800 cases, 10 outbreaks across the country. Great job Donald Trump and JFK and RFK Jr. Rather. Then you have Donald Trump, department of Defense Secretary, Pete Heif. Were learning through more leaks as like all of his staff at the Department of Defense. All his senior leadership is either resigning or getting fired or he's accusing them of leaks. We've now learned that Heit had additional signal communications on that signal text message app where he gave war plans to his wife, his brother, his personal lawyer on signal.


But the White House wants you to know, no biggie, not a big deal at all. This is the White House's official response after learning that Hegseth was giving our war plans to wife, brother, personal lawyer. Another day, another old story back from the dead. The Trump hating media continues to be obsessed with destroying anyone committed to President Trump's agenda. Agenda this time, the New York Times and all other fake news that repeat their garbage are enthusiastically taking the grievance of disgruntled former employees as the sole source for their article. They relied only on the words of people who were fired this week and appear to have a motive to sabotage the Secretary and President's agenda. So they're doubling down, tripling down, all in on Pete Heif and sending our war plans via text message, what to his wife, to his brother, and to others, and then blaming disgruntled employees, Trump people, people, he's crew.


These are, this is he's team who's giving this information out. But if you listen to what Apollo, what the, a private equity firm Apollo saying right now, they're referring to the Trump recession as a voluntary trade reset recession. That's what they're referring to the Trump recession. Could you imagine what they would be saying right now if former President Biden was in charge? It is so utterly, utterly pathetic. But let me all show you this right here. This is from Charlie Angus, former Canadian member of Parliament, a good friend of mine now, a leader of the Canadian resistance. Here's what he had to say. Play this clip.


I think what's really concerning is that an idiot like Trump has been allowed to monkey wrench the global economy without anybody stepping in and saying, whoa, Donald, what the heck are you doing when we see him? Taring, poor Madagascar, because Madagascar doesn't buy enough product from the United States. Madagascar is too poor to buy product from the United States, but they offer Americans cheap chocolates. Donald Trump picks a fight with them. The on again, off again, tariffs in terms of auto, nobody even knows where that stands right now. South Dakota is freaking out. North Dakota, the the farmers in Montana, because you have an integrated border in terms of ag trade, $70 billion, all that's in chaos right now.


I think he's pushing us towards a major, definitely an American recession, probably a global recession and maybe a depression if he doesn't step back. But it's up and down and, and the thing that really strikes me about Trump and his crew is they're really, really tough until you stand up to them and then they blink. And that's certainly what's happened with Canada. And Canada has been very strong. And then they come back at it a second and a third time. The feeling I'm getting from Canadians is they don't care what Trump does Next, we're gonna do what we are going to do. We're looking to rebuild our economy, and we're gonna do it without our former ally, our former friend, our former partner. We're gonna have to take steps that we're gonna take because we simply cannot trust the the American regime anymore.


The weather is heating up and your nighttime bedroom temperature Has a huge impact on your sleep quality. If you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend that you check out Miracle Mades. Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long. Now, using those silver infused fabrics inspired by NASA Miracle made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get better sleep every night. These sheets are infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% of bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. No more gross odors. Miracle made sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands, and feel as nice, if not nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotels. Stop sleeping on bacteria. Bacteria can clog your pores causing breakouts and acne sleep clean with Miracle. Upgrade your sleep as the weather heats up. Go to try miracle.com/midas to try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save over 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get free three piece towel set and save. An extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund Upgrade your Sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three piece towel set and save over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you. Miracle made for sponsoring this episode.


Charlie says it as clear as can be. All the also, what are we learning? Zuckerberg, Jamie Diamond, other billionaires, they are some of the top sellers of their stock ahead of the tariff stock route is one of the things that we're learning. Alright, well that's, that's, that doesn't come as a shocker. Anyway, we'll keep you posted throughout the day with more news. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot midas touch.com.