
The NFL playoffs are better with FanDuel because right now new customers can bet $5 and get 200 bucks in bonus bets guaranteed. That's $200 in bonus. Bets win or lose FanDuel an official sports book partner of the NFL 21 plus in President Select seats First online Real money wager only $5 first deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fan doel.com. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.


This just in hot off the bench press. Planet Fitness has added new strength equipment. Save $28 or more when you join today and you can be one of the first to try it out. We're raising the bar with new benches and our new hacks. Scott, we'll have you actually looking forward to Leg Day Plus, we're still wrapping all of the best in class equipment we've always had with most clubs. Open 24 hours so you can work out your way on your time. So let's do this. Join Planet Fitness today and save $28 or more. Just $1 down, $15 a month. Cancel any time. Deal ends January 10th. See home club for details.


Millions of Americans grind or clench their teeth at night and most don't even know that they're doing it. I was one of 'em. If you have jaw pain or headaches after a night's sleep, there's a high chance you grind or clench your teeth. Teeth grinding, also known as bruxism or TMJ, is generally caused by stress and it can cause serious damage such as eroding away your enamel and broken teeth, which leads to expensive dental bills. The solution to protecting your teeth is a mouth guard, but mouth guards from the dentist can cost you around $500 to $800. The good news is that there's Remy. Remy makes dental grade professional quality mouth guards without the painful price tag. They're up to 80% cheaper of what you'd pay at the dentist and don't require you to visit a dental office. Remy's process is simple. They send you an at-home impression kit to create molds of your teeth. You send those back to Remy, and Remy's dental team will make your custom fit guards and send them right back to you. Remy's guards are so comfortable to wear that most customers forget they're even wearing them. Plus, with a 45 night satisfaction guarantee, you can try it, risk-free sleep better, and decide if it's the perfect fit. If not, Remy's got you covered. Look, I've done the whole Remy process. It's phenomenal. Their team is incredible. The product is perfect. Definitely check it out if you fit this category. Remy is for anyone dealing with nighttime, grinding, clenching, or jaw pain. Who wants an affordable solution to protect their smile and say goodnight to jaw pain and headaches? Head to shop remy.com/midas and use code Midas to Save up to 50%. That's 50% off at shop REM i.com/midas. With code Midas, give your teeth a break without breaking the bank with Remi. Thank you, Remi, for sponsoring this episode.


Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be. Let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host. You seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in Ads. Choose from hundreds of top Podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.