
It's turn time. And with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 plus in President select states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non-controllable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including token expiration and max wager amount C terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations


Rotten to the core. There's so much Donald Trump has done over the past 24 hours that is absolutely despicable. I don't want to lose sight of the fact that he claims he wasn't even briefed about the, the four American soldiers who died in Lithuania yesterday. Donald Trump was holding his Oval Office press conference. He was asked, Hey, did Pete Heif, your Secretary of Defense, brief you on this? And Donald Trump Cavalier said, I don't know anything about it. And seemed not to even care, Been briefed about soldiers. Chad, have you been briefed about the soldiers in Lithuania who are missing?


No, I haven't. What a despicable response. And what are you doing in the day if you are not even being briefed that four American soldiers died? Could you imagine for a moment what this would be like if former President Biden responded that way? Let me brief you, Donald. Four American soldiers who went missing in Lithuania had died. NATO leader says nato, secretary General Mark Rutt said Wednesday that four US soldiers who went missing while training in Lithuania have died, but that he did not yet know the details. Maybe Donald, that's something that you should be paying attention to instead of announcing another round of tariffs this time.


Taring automobiles across the world and crashing our economy. How about you care about our veterans? How about you care about our troops? Or are you and Elon Musk too busy with Doge firing veterans, destroying and gutting Veterans Affairs, engaging in a hostile takeover of our federal government, getting rid of essential services related to social security gutting, Medicaid gutting the Department of Education. Oh, and by the way, your top department of defense officials and national security officials apparently are in text threads, giving war plans to a reporter who they included on a chat called the Houthis Chat, destroying our National Secrets.


While, by the way, one of your envoys who was on that chat was in Moscow. More on that in a bit. But we're also learning that HG Sift Walls, Gabbard have also their private data and passwords easily accessible online. Dare Spiegel wrote an incredible article here about how private data and passwords of the senior US security officials were found online. Also from Daniel Booker's law. He explains how Michael Waltz's Venmo was public until moments ago, and it's full of reporters, public full of journalists. You know how Michael Waltz, Donald Trump's national security bars like I never met before.


Jeffrey Goldberg. Remember what Jeffrey Goldberg, the editor in chief of the Atlantic, who was included on those text threats said, it didn't surprise me that Mike Waltz would include me on something, but to be included on this. Why? 'cause clearly waltz is a source for people like the Atlantic. It has lots of reporters even on his Venmo. Let's talk about the tariffs. Yesterday, Donald Trump said that he was putting 25% tariffs on all automobiles across the world. He says, basically, with no exceptions, as the Detroit Free press rights tariffs threatened to cut us auto sales by 700,000 in 2025 amid recession uncertainty, also, the price of a vehicle will now likely go up five, 10, $15,000, which for all purposes means vehicles are not going to be sold, and that's gonna further tank the economy.


I'm gonna do a whole other video about how Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney rightfully says, this is a direct attack on Canada and others across the world are feeling the same. Now, when you turn on your phone or when you turn on the internet in the morning, whereas you used to get headlines under former President Biden, like the American economy is the envy of the world. New records being set in the Dao and the s and p and Nasdaq. GDP hits record Growth America Energy Independent. 50,000 infrastructure projects going up America defeating China in the race for green energy and world economy.


But when you would get head now you get headlines like this Business insider, here's how far stocks could drop if a full blown recession strikes and yesterday was a disaster for the market. And who knows what today is going to hold as yet another day of Trump's chaotic and disastrous policies take effect. But yesterday Donald Trump was asked, Hey Donald, the Nasdaq is down 2% at close. The s and p was down 1%. And Donald Trump's like, is that, is that today? Is that where, what are you doing with your day? Like, actually, what the hell are you doing? And on these auto tariffs, we saw obviously the NASDAQ 100 go down 2% and close s and p 500 down 1%.


What are are, are you concerned About is today work reaction? Yes, sir. Today I didn't say that. I wanna see the jobs. I wanna see that'll all take care of itself. That could take care of itself in one day, two days, or one week. I mean, this guy knows nothing about nothing and seems not even to care. He's asked about a signal gate, by the way. And what's his response? It's a witch hunt. I think this is a witch hunt. Yeah, those text threads with the reporter, bad reporter. Fake news, witch hunt. Sir. Also, what's your response to Republican lawmakers who have said today that your administration should take more accountability and not downplay what's happened with the with signal that we've seen in these messages today? Well, I don't know about downplaying the press outplays, and I think it's all a witch hunt.


That's all. I think it's a witch hunt. I wasn't involved with it. I don't, I wasn't there. But that's Your response to everything. This is a witch hunt. That's a witch hunt. Y'all just could take accountability, fire the people who were involved, make sure this never happens again. But no, this is how you conduct business. You put classified information on signal, text threads, and then blame the reporter you put into the chat. Here's the, by the way, the moment where Donald Trump announced the 25% tariff, And this is very modest, and what we're going to be doing is a 25% tariff on all cars that are not made in the United States. If they're made in the United States, there's absolutely no tariff.


We start off with a two and a half percent base, which is what we were at, and we go to 25%. And basically, as you know, and as you've been seeing, not reporting as accurately as it should be reported 'cause it's a massive story. Businesses coming back to the United States so that they don't have to pay tariffs. And I think, but Folks, the Trump regime wants to distract. So what do they do? They send cosplay dog killer Homeland Security Secretary Christie Nome to El Salvador. So she goes in front of the concentration camps there with the prisoners in El Salvador, mostly all from El Salvador, though the US kidnapped migrants, and sent him to this concentration camp.


More on that in a moment and more on the big court ruling there from the DC Circuit Court of Appeals. But here, Christi Noam's, watch her watch. Look at her watch. She appears to be wearing a $60,000 Rolex as she stands in front of the concentration camp in El Salvador with the people from El Salvador or whoever else is in there. And and she's like, look, we got the look. We got 'em. We got the terrorists. Look at the terrorists back there, Here at Sea Cot today and visiting this facility. And first of all, I want to thank El Salvador and their president for their partnership with the United States of America to bring our terrorists here and to incarcerate them and have consequences for the violence that they have perpetuated in our communities.


As Adam Par KO goes, Christie, no's desperate stunt exploiting foreign prisoners for political fearmongering. I wanna talk about some of the migrants quickly that the United States kidnapped and sent to concentration camps in El Salvador. We're learning a lot about their identities. Here's a new report from Mother Jones reporting that one of the men sent to concentration camps in El Salvador is Neri Alvarado, who was working in Dallas as a baker. An ice agent told him in his place where he's a baker, they were questioning all men with tattoos. Neri has an autism awareness tattoo to honor his 15-year-old brother with autism.


And on that basis, they claimed he's Trend Day ua and they sent him to concentration camps in El Salvador. You'll look at this, no due process at all. He had an autism awareness tattoo. Remember I told you the story over the weekend about Andres, who is the gay makeup artist and hairstylist. You see him right there on the right and he's a, by the way, all these people are asylum seekers, hear lawfully under asylum rules and laws waiting on court appearances kidnapped by America, by the Trump regime, and sent to concentration camps. Andres not a gang member, not trend ua.


He was sent to concentration camps in El Salvador. We learned the story about the professional soccer player with the Real Madrid tattoo. And I said, oh, that makes you trend ua. He was sent to a concentration camp in El Salvador, no process didn't, was not able to even show evidence that he was not a gang member. He was called an enemy combatant, terrorist, never to be heard from again, may die, may rot to death in a freaking prison in El Salvador because of the authoritarian despicable Trump regime. We've also told you stories about women who were sent to El Salvador, where the El Salvador concentration camps only hold men. Women are not even allowed.


So even El Salvador with its brutal authoritarian regime, like, whoa, whoa, whoa, we can't take the women. And we've seen some declarations filed by women talking about their horrific travel where they were told they were going to Venezuela and they were sent to El Salvador. So early yesterday, the Washington DC Court of Appeals, the DC Circuit Court of Appeals in a two to one ruling upheld the District Court Judge Berg's ruling in joining an injunction blocking the Trump regime from sending more people to El Salvador concentration camps without providing some form of due process.


So Trump appealed to the DC circuit. He lost, they upheld Judge Berg's ruling and all Judge Boberg said his, look, I'm not even getting into the issue of whether the Alien Enemies Act was properly invoked, assume it was properly invoked, even though we're not in the war of 1812 World War I or World War ii. Those were the only other times the Alien Enemies Act war powers were ever invoked. So he goes, I don't even need to decide. Was this a a war and Trump claiming? We're at a war hybrid warfare with Venezuelan. He says, we still have to determine if the people being sent to the concentration camps in El Salvador are actually trend deua terrorists or not.


So you have to provide some process to let them prove that they're not and should be able to oversee that. The DC Circuit Court of Appeals agreed with that. Can I just show you some other evidence? We are a fact-based database network. So when you hear all of the spin, oh, these are at war plans. Let's just Take a look at the messages for a second. Here's the group thread that Mike Walls National Security Advisor started. You see it right here, Hhy pc Small group, right on signal. That looks like the chats that I have with my, with, with the, with the employees who work at the Midas Touch Network. It'll be like Midas Touch Network, small group chat videos, editorial team, right?


And so Mike Wall says, team establishing a principles group for coordination on the Houthis. And then look, Michael Walls added you to the group chat added Jeffrey Goldberg. Michael Walls added you to the group. So we see how did Jeffrey Goldberg get added? Michael Waltz added. Then you go through the chat and you see war plans like this from Pete Hegseth who talks about the time, dates and locations, which planes are gonna be used, F eighteens, F eighteens more F eighteens. They talk about when the bombs are gonna drop. They talk about MQ nines second strike starts. It sets forth all of the plans in detail.


Well, what is Donald Trump's chief propaganda does Caroline Levitt have to say about all of this? She goes, oh, this is just the media's witch hunt. Also, they're just trying to soak chaos and discord. But Unfortunately, this is not what the Democrats and the media want to talk about. They are focused on a coordinated campaign to try and sow chaos in this White House. And this has been the most successful first two months of any administration ever, which is exactly why they are doing this. We are not going to bend in the face of this insincere outrage. Utterly, utterly despicable. We'll keep you posted every step of the way here in the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas Plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Hey, I am Ryan Reynolds at Mint Mobile. We like to do the opposite of what Big Wireless does. They charge you a lot. We charge you a little. So naturally when they announce they'd be raising their prices due to inflation, we decided to deflate our prices due to not hating you. That's right. We're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra speeds lower above 40 gigabytes of detail.