
You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a price they have. My favorite brand. It's like a whole new bu. Ah, I I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals you'll love Burlington. I told you. So.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


It is turn time. And with FanDuel's dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 Plus in President select states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non withable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including token expiration and max wager amount. C terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Hey Prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


You know, I look at this face right here of a real DEI hire. Didn't earn it. Pete Hegseth. So emblematic of this Trump regime cto. So you wake up in 2025 March with headlines like this from the Trump regime. Consumer expectations plunge to their lowest level in 12 years as recession signals blare from NBC News. The conference board's monthly index showed older consumers are especially worried about the fate of their finances from the Wall Street Journal.


Consumer confidence drops further. Key measure flags, recession risks. As Heather Bushy says, yikes, the president may get the economy he wants. After all, consumer confidence has plummeted falling four months in a row. The six month outlook hasn't been this bleak in over 12 years and is at a level that tends to indicate recession is coming. You broke it, Donald. You own it Donald. Meanwhile, as Carl Quintane is posting from the Washington Post long waits, waves of calls, web crashes, social security is breaking down for all of these MAGA Republicans saying, oh, even though Elon Musk calls it a Ponzi scheme, and even though the Commerce secretary Howard Lutnick says that you are committing crime or fraud, if you whine about not getting your check, we're not gonna close Social Security down while you already are doing it.


You've already closed down 47 Social Security administration offices making it very difficult for older people to access actual people and services that they need. And you're seeing here that it's already being crashed as you're destroying the call centers. The website, a flood of cuts led by Elon Musk has sent the agency into chaos as a new commissioner prepares to take charge. The Social Security administration website crashed four times in 10 days this month blocking millions of retirees and disabled Americans from logging into their online accounts.


This headline from the Wall Street Journal is not surprising and perhaps two months late, Canadians are boycotting American vacations infuriated by annexation talks. Neighbors to the North are keeping their vacations local. Good. We stand in solidarity with the Canadians here at the Midas Touch Network against this Trump regime. We know why you're boycotting. We know it's not against the American people, it's against the regime. You gotta do what you gotta do. And we are here fighting the regime from within. And I can't wait for the day when we're able to celebrate without Donald Trump together again.


But we appreciate the strength that you're showing in Canada and elsewhere throughout the world, standing up to this despicable bully. I mean, look at this team of misfits. DEI did it, earn it Trump regime. People like Pete hea, what the hell is even going on here? He goes, we destroy destroyed strength. True. I mean, dude, let me tell, lemme play you the clip first then, then I'll talk to you about it. Play it. President Trump said, peace through strength will be de brought back. Alright, Y'all were doing war plans on text threads, on signal chats while some of the people on those text threads were in Moscow, which means, and I spoke to former ambassador Susan Rice, former national security advisor, Susan Rice, go back and watch my video I posted yesterday in my exclusive with her.


That means Russia has all of this stuff. You placed lives at risk, you fools you, morons you. And here is Pete Heit saying again, oh, I know I'm not doing war plans. I know what I'm doing, everybody. I know what I'm doing. Everybody play this clip. As I also stated yesterday, nobody's texting war plans. And that's all I have to say about that. Kazu, those same troops that those same troops that you are proud of, do you regret putting information like the ones you did in the signal chat that could endanger those same American service members? Nobody's texting more plans. Kazu. I'm, I'm, I know exactly what I'm doing, exactly what we're directing and I'm really proud of what we accomplished it successful.


Yeah. My dad warned me about people like that at the bar. He said, Ben, just look away. Don't engage. Don't talk to those people like that. That's the defense secretary right now. There's something going on in this country right now, folks. There truly is a movement, as I said, a pro-democracy. Summer is coming. And I've been saying I see the signs in all of these areas and, and red districts too. We're getting validation of that. In Pennsylvania's 36th District, state Senate District, a Democrat flipped that seat.


It was a plus 15 Trump district. This guy James Malone, flipped a plus 15 Trump district that had not gone democrat since the late 18 hundreds. And that seat flipped yesterday. We're also seeing massive polling shifts in Canada. You know, I've been doing lots of hot takes, lots of videos on what's going on with the Liberal party now led by Prime Minister Mark Carney is pummeling and punishing Maple Maga the right wing conservative party at the federal level led by Pierre Polio.


I wanna be clear, I think that there are some conservative premiers who have been stepping up. Not all of them. I mean, in Ontario, I think Doug Ford has been doing a good job. Alberta and Alberta. Danielle Smith has been doing a horrific job. She's like a make a Maple Masi spy with Mr. Vii, doge boy, Pierre Pev trying to interfere with the elections and have Trump like help them out. What a horrific, embarrassing thing there. But the liberal party led by Prime Minister Kearney has been on the right side of this issue standing up to Donald Trump powerfully as opposed to this Maple MAGA mess that is Pierre pev.


Donald Trump yesterday held this disastrous public meeting of ambassadors. He had his national security advisor, Mike Waltz there as well. And Donald Trump was asked about these war plans that were in the signal chat where they had, they invited accidentally a, a reporter who they're now attacking that reporter and saying that somehow he liked Nefariously entered the the chat, even though he was invited by Mike Waltz, and then he's called Sleazy by Donald Trump. Here's what Trump said, play this clip. That's an app that a lot of people use and somebody got on. I mean, it happened to know the guy's a total sleaze bag and the Atlantic.


The Atlantic is a failed magazine, does very, very poorly. Nobody gives a damn about it. It gives this, gives it a little bit of a a shot. And I will tell you this, that they've made up more stories and, and they're just a failing magazine. The public understands that he's a


very, So every now and then, we're reminded about those many healthy resolutions we made over the years to lose weight, to exercise more, and of course to eat better. But a goal without a plan is a plan to fail. So what I did is I tried ProLon ProLon five day program gives you the tool to put your health goals into action with a science backed plan that makes it easy to stay focused and achieve real results. Go back and look at some videos of me from about three to four months ago before I tried ProLon. ProLon has made a difference for me, and I think it'll make a difference for you as well. So here's what it does. ProLon Fasting Mimicking Diet is a revolutionary plant-based nutrition program that nourishes the body while making cells believe their fasting. It was researched and developed for decades at uscs Longevity Institute. By the way, I teach at USC Law. It all starts with their five day program snack soups and beverages designed to keep your body in a fasting state. No guesswork or planning required. Three consecutive cycles of ProLon have been shown to reduce your biological age score by an average of 2.5 years, and your waist circumference by 1.5 inches. It worked for me. As I said, go look at some videos for me in the past. I tried it, it worked. I think it'll work for you as well. So help kickstart a health plan for you. That'll work. ProLon is now offering the Midas Touch Podcast listeners like you, 15% off sitewide plus a $40 bonus gift when you subscribe to their five day nutrition program. Just visit ProLon life.com/midas. That's P-R-O-L-O-N-L-I-F e.com/midas to claim your 15% discount and your bonus gift ProLon life.com/midas. Check it out,


the audacity to call the reporter a, the editor in chief of the Atlantic. A sleazebag, when your idiot team brought him into the chat while they were talking about war plans with emojis, and isn't it so obvious that they were doing that? Always on signal how comfortable they are. Here's Mike Waltz, by the way, national Security Advisor at that meeting, again, attacking the journalist and like just sucking up to Donald Trump. Here, play this clip. Mr. President, you asked about lessons. I think there's a lot of the lessons, there's a lot of journalists in this city who have made big names for themselves making up lies about this president, whether it's the Russia hoax or making up lies about gold star families.


And this one in particular, I've never met, don't know, never communicated with. And we are, and we are looking into and reviewing how the heck he got into this room. But I'll tell you what, the world owes President Trump a favor Under. Also in 2025 Trump America, you wake up to headlines like this First confirmed case of measles in Washington DC being investigated by health officials. Great measles in Washington DC out of Florida, Florida's sixth congressional district, a plus 30 Trump area. We're seeing the Democratic candidate Josh Wheel. We running against a guy, Randy fine, who's like a load some individual.


We're seeing Democrats get momentum in this plus 30 Ruby Red District, Florida six Congressional district. Will there be a massive flip there on April 1st when the election's taking place? We'll find out soon. But the early voting, at least Indic indicators are good for the Democratic candidate right there. And what are the Republicans talking about on the Senate? Well, they brought in this guy, this guy, Frank Bisignano, who is who they wanna have run the Social Security Administration and gut it. And here this MAGA Republican senator Tom Tillis from North Carolina, by the way, promises to support Bingo's recommendations to cut social security offices in his state too.


He goes, get rid of him. Get rid of him. I trust you. Get rid of him. Play this clip. First of all, you know this conversation about the field offices, I wanna understand how they actually operate. And you answer those, that question I I we wanna an what what you're gonna find out is after you do the analytics, every member of Congress, except for me, probably will like your analytics except to the extent that it affects one of their offices and their district or state. Yes. And you have my commitment. If you present analytics that say the best in highest use of American taxpayer dollars to support those who are on social security is somewhere else that I'm gonna support it. Do not pull any punches. Go after it the way you would in private sector.


Tulsi Gabbard, director of National Intelligence, the fact that I even have to say that is cringey in and of itself. Yesterday in the Senate, she was saying, oh, the, you know, the war plans, those weren't actually classified info. There was no classified information, but I'm not gonna share 'em with you, but nothing classified. Play this clip, Contact the defense secretary or others after this specific military planning was put out and, and say, Hey, we should be doing this in a skiff. There was no classified material that was shared in that Signal. So there no classified material. Share it with the committee.


You can't have it both ways. These are important jobs. This is our national security bobbing and weaving and trying to, you know, filibuster your answer. So please answer the, Then Donald Trump gave an interview with Newsmax where he talked more about the tariffs and he said, the people who made the tariff deals in the pa, the people who made the trade deals in the past, he said, were idiots. Trump made the U-S-M-C-A deal here, play this clip. But We've been ripped off as a country, like nobody, like no country has ever been ripped off before. I read some of these deals that are made by my predecessors. And it's almost like saying, how could anybody allow this to happen?


Like, as an example, who would allow men to play in women's sports? Donald, it's your deal. And then you have like little MAGA Mike, he goes, and he's gotta be all like a tough guy right now. And so yesterday, as a lot of federal judges are ruling against Trump and issuing injunctions against Trump, because Trump keeps violating the law, right? We're learning more stories about people who trump kidnapped and sent to concentration camps in El Salvador, who were not gang members at all from trend deua. They had real Madrid tattoos, or it was like a gay hairdresser from Venezuela political exile. Women were sent to these concentration camps in El Salvador and turned away because the concentration camps only hold men.


I mean, these were not trend UA gang members. Could there have been some? I don't know. But that's why you have to have process due process to give people an opportunity to say, I'm a gang member. I'm not a gang member. But here, MAGA Mike Johnson says, we're coming after you, district courts, we're gonna eliminate all of your funding. We can just eliminate the courts. We're just gonna wreck the courts too. Here, play this clip. It's not what the founders intended. So there's a natural tension between the branches of, of, of, of, of the government and, and we're working through that. The judiciary committee is looking at alternatives. One of the bills that I really liked that's already been through committee was authored by Representative Darrell Isa. And that would limit the scope of federal injunctions, the ability of one individual judge to, to abuse the system in this way.


And it would be a a, in my view, a dramatic improvement on that. So we'll be moving, I think that le piece of legislation and some others to address it because we have an Article one authority under the Constitution to do that. We do have authority over the federal courts as you know, we can, we can eliminate an entire district court. We, we have power funding over the courts and all these other things. But desperate times call for desperate measures and Congress is going to act. So stay tuned for that. Thank you. I covered this with Harry Litman on an episode that I'm releasing soon as well. The Trump regime yesterday also invoked the state secrets privilege. And they're saying we, because we're in a war, they said against Venezuela, we can't even turn over to the judge, the identities of the people in concentration camps now in El Salvador because it's a war and we're gonna jeopardize our war efforts.


That's how dystopian, despicable, disgusting this Trump regime is. But folks, there is a movement taking a hold of the United States of America right now. People are fed up. Republicans, democrats, independents, people who don't like politics are just fed up. You're coming after our social security, you're coming after our Medicaid. You're freaking spreading measles. You're firing veterans. You're doing hostile takeovers of the federal government. You are destroying people's lives. You're doing it cruelly. You seem to be enjoying the cruelty of it. Like F you. That's what Americans are saying. F you Doge, F you Musk, f you trump.


F you heif enough of this crap. People are saying, we didn't vote for this crap. The hell is this? Hell is this. We'll keep covering it here in the Midas Touch Network. Something is happening in this country. Democracy. Summer is coming. Thanks for watching. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcast, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.