
A big story just dropped from The Guardian, an October surprise, if you will. It involves Donald Trump, Jeffrey Epstein, and young girls. Let's take a look at the story that just dropped Donald Trump groped me in what felt like a twisted game with Jeffrey Epstein. A former model alleges, Stacey Williams says, the ex-president who spokesperson denied the allegations, touched her in an unwanted sexual way. In 1993, after Epstein introduced them, the article talks about how Epstein connected them, and then she alleges Stacey Williams alleges Donald Trump molested her.


Let's go on and read what this article is about. It's written by Stephanie Chris Gesner and Lucy Osborne, a former model who says she met Donald Trump through the late sexual abuser. Jeffrey Epstein, who by the way, Donald Trump, said he was a great guy. Donald Trump says he likes girls on the younger side. Donald Trump is all over his call log. Donald Trump is all over his flight log. You know, from our prior reporting, let's keep on reading. So Epstein, who was involved in all of this, she says that she was put in this twisted game involving Epstein and Donald. Trump Williams worked as a professional model in the 1990s, said she first met Trump in 1992 at a Christmas party after being introduced to him by Epstein, who she believed was a good friend of the then New York Real Estate developer.


William said that Epstein was interested in her and the two casually dated for a period of a few months. It became very clear then that he and Donald were really, really good friends and spent a lot of time together. William said the alleged groping occurred some months later in the late winter or early spring of 1993 when Epstein suggested during a walk they were on, that he and William stop by to visit Trump at Trump Tower. Epstein was later convicted of sex offenses and killed himself in prison in 2019. Also, Donald Trump wished Epstein's sex trafficker Ghislaine Maxwell.


Well, during her trafficking trial, Donald Trump was asked about her. He said, I wish her well. That's who trafficked for Epstein. And she also introduced girls to Donald Trump. We'll talk about that as well. Moments after they arrived at Trump Tower, she alleges Trump greeted Williams, pulled her toward him and started groping her. She said she put his hand, she said he put his hands all over my breast as well as her waist and her buttocks. She said she froze because she was deeply confused about what was happening. At the same time she said she believed she saw the two men smiling at each other. Caroline Levi, press Secretary for Donald.


Trump's campaign provided a statement denying the allegations, which said in part, these accusations made by a former activist for Barack Obama and announced on a Harris campaign called two Weeks Before the Election are unequivocally false. It's obvious the fake story was contrived by the Harris campaign. In other words, Donald Trump and his campaign are victim shaming and blaming the victim right now. But we've got other receipts folks. Williams says that Trump sent her agent a postcard via courier later in 1993, an aerial view of Mar-a-Lago, his Palm Beach residence and resort. She shared it with the Guardian. Take a look at some of the receipts right here.


Donald Trump sending her all of this stuff. Clearly that's Donald Trump's handwriting, and it says, Stacey, your home away from home. So after groping her and molesting her Donald, Trump then sent this postcard saying, your home away from home. Love Donald Williams, who is 56 and a native of Pennsylvania shared parts, shared parts of her allegation on social media posts in the past, but revealed details about the alleged encounter on a call on Monday, organized by a group called Survivors for Kamala, which supports Democratic presidential nominee, Kamala Harris, the Zoom call featured actress Ashley Judd, law professor and academic.


Anita Hill, among others survivors for Kamala, also took out an ad in the New York Times this week, signed by 200 survivors of sexual and gender violence, which was meant to serve as a reminder that Trump has been found liable for sexual abuse in court. So Trump has been adjudicated to have sexually abused a woman. After the alleged incident, William said that she and Epstein left Trump Tower, and that she began to feel Epstein growing angry at her. Quote. Jeffrey and I left and he didn't look at me or speak to me, and I felt this seething rage around me. And when we got down to the sidewalk, he looked at me and just berated me and said, why did you do that?


She said, on the Zoom call, he made me feel so disgusted, and I remember being so utterly confused. She said, she described how the alleged incident with Donald Trump and Jeffrey Epstein were part of a twisted game. The two men were playing on her. I felt shame and disgust, and as we went our separate ways, I felt this sensation of revisiting it while the hands of Donald Trump were all over me, and I had this horrible pit in my stomach that it was somehow orchestrated, I felt like a piece of meat. She said in an interview with the guardian, she and Epstein parted ways. Soon after William said she never had any knowledge of his pattern of sexual abuse, which would later become known.


Epstein is now considered one of the worst and most prolific pedophiles in modern history. The allegation of groping and unwanted sexual touching follows a well-documented pattern of behavior by Donald Trump. About two dozen women have accused Donald Trump, who's also a convicted felon of sexual misconduct, dating back decades. The allegations have included claims of Trump kissing them without their consent reaching under their skirts. And in the case of some beauty pageant contestants walking in on them in the changing room, a former model named Amy Doris shared similar allegations about Trump to what Williams described in an interview with the Guardian. In 2020, Trump denied ever having harassed, abused, or behaved improperly towards Doris.


Last year, a jury found Donald Trump liable of sexual abuse, and it goes on to say, Williams allegations raise new questions about Trump's relationship with Epstein. No evidence has surfaced that Trump was aware or involved in Epstein's misconduct. This article says, although Donald Trump did say to New York Magazine in 2002, I've known Jeff for 15 years. He's a terrific guy. He's a lot of fun to be with, and it's even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them on the younger side. And there's all of these photos of them taken together.


This show is sponsored by Betterhelp. Halloween lets us have fun with what scares us. But what about those fears that don't involve zombies? And ghosts Therapy is a great tool for facing your fears and finding ways to overcome them, because sometimes the scariest thing is not facing our fears in the first place and holding ourselves back. Now I actively reap the benefits from using therapy. See, therapy is helpful for learning positive coping skills and how to set boundaries. It really empowers you to become the best version of yourself, and that isn't just for those who've experienced major trauma. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give Betterhelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire, To, get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Overcome your fears with Betterhelp. Visit Betterhelp dot com slash midas today. To, get 10% off your first month. That's Betterhelp hlp.com/midas.


Again, this bombshell article talks about Donald Trump grope me and what felt like a twisted game with Jeffrey Epstein. A former model alleges, and it goes on to say how she was introduced by Epstein, and that's what went down. Alright, let's take a look though at some of the other things that Donald Trump said in his own words. Here is a video of Donald Trump stating on Howard Stern that he would walk in on the women without their consent during beauty pageants and inspect their naked bodies. Here, play this clip. Well, You could also say, as the owner of the pageant, it's your obligation to do that, so, so you have done that. Now tell me what, well, I'll tell you the funniest is that I'll go backstage before a show.


Yes. And everyone's getting dressed and ready and everything else. And you know, no men are anywhere. And I'm allowed to go in because I'm the owner of the pageant and therefore I'm inspecting it. You know, I'm inspecting I. Wanna make sure that everyth you're like is good, doctor, you're there. Yeah, the dress is everyone okay. You know, they standing there with no, is everybody okay? And you see these incredible looking women, and so I sort of get away with things like, Here's Donald Trump wishing Ghislaine Maxwell. Well, she was the trafficker for Epstein and Donald Trump wished her well played this clip. Ghislaine Maxwell is in prison, and a lot of people want to know if she's going to turn in powerful people. And I know you've talked in the past about Prince Andrew and you criticized Bill Clinton's behavior.


I'm wondering, do you feel that she's going to turn in powerful men? How do you see that working out? I don't know. I haven't really been following her too much. I just wish her, well. Frankly, I've met her numerous times over the years, especially since I lived in Palm Beach and I guess they lived in Palm Beach, but I wish her well, whatever it is. I don't know the situation with Prince Andrew. Just don't know. Not aware of it. Mr. President, Here's the quote from Donald Trump to New York Magazine. I've known Jeff for 15 years. Terrific guy. He's a lot of fun to be with. It's even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do. Many of them on the younger side. On the younger side, Donald Trump held these beauty pageants as well for these teens or pre-teens.


You see them right here. The look of the year competition was one such pageant Donald Trump hosted. You see the girls right there? Then Donald Trump invited those girls on a yacht. This is well documented. The Guardian did another story about that. You see Donald Trump with these little girls here as well in this photo right here. And here's how it was described around this exact same time period by the guardian. September, 1991, a large private yacht cruise towards the statute of liberty, clear breezy, evening. And from the upper deck of the spirit of New York, that's the name of the yacht, a golden sunset could be seen glinting off Manhattan skyline.


Downstairs, a party was in flow scores of teenage girls and evening dresses and mini skirts. Some as young as 14, danced under disco lights. It could have been a high school prom. Were not for the crowd of older men surrounding them. On September 1st, 1991, this large yacht, it cruised around New York. And as the evening wore on, many of the men old enough to be the girls', fathers or even grandfathers, started pressing themselves against the girls grinding on them. One balding man in a suit wrapped his arms around two little young girls layered into the camera that was documenting the evening. Can you get me some beautiful women around here?


This is Donald Trump right here on audio saying that he wants to have sex with Lindsay Lohan when she was about 18 years older or right when she turned 18, right around that period. He says, because of her mental illness, that would make him like to have sex with her more because she was suffering from mental illness at the time. Play this clip. What do you think of Lindsay Lohan, Howard? I think she's hot. There's something there, right? Yes, Steve. But you have to like freckles. I've seen a, you know, a closeup of her chest. Yes. And a lot of freckles. Are you into freckles? If the father's a wreck, like the way he is, right? You imagine the sex with his troubled, yeah, you're probably right. She's probably deeply troubled and therefore great in bed back in the day when, how come the deeply troubled women?


Yes. You know, deeply, deeply troubled, right? They're always the best in bed. If for some reason what I said is true I mean they, they're just unbelievable. I could tell from the, you don't wanna be with for the long term, but for the short term there's not. And then just so you can see and hear for yourself, Donald Trump is of course on audio saying that he likes to sexually assault women. He grabs them by their genitals. And because he's famous, he gets away with it. When he was asked about the tape, he said that historically, unfortunately, or fortunately, rich, famous men can get away with things like that. Here, Play the clip. And you say, and again, this has become very famous in this video, I just start kissing them.


It's like a magnet, just kiss. I don't even wait. And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab them by the pussy, you can do anything. That's what you Said, correct? Well, historically, that's true with stars. It's true with stars that, that they can grab women by the pussy. Well, that's what, that's, if you look over the last million years, I guess that's been largely true. Not always, but largely true, unfortunately or fortunately. And you consider yourself to be a star. I think you can say that. Yeah. And Here you can see Donald Trump is all over Jeffrey Epstein's flight log. You can see it for yourself right there.


We'll keep you updated as we learn more. But you know, I I, understand that Donald Trump's cult doesn't give a crap about anything he does. But I hope that if you are a father out there, or you know whoever you know, I, I, hope this. This should repulse you. Okay? This should repulse you. Disgusting stuff. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.