
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task unless you have a partner like Shopify. They have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing, to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash special offer.


One of Donald Trump's top supporters is speaking out now against him after it was announced that Donald Trump has accepted a $400 million 7 47 jet from Cutter as a direct gift to Donald Trump. Not only that, and Trump says he's going to use the new cutter plane as his Air Force One, it has gold plated walls, gold this, gold that, golden beds. But the way it is being gifted to him, Trump is going To get to keep it after he leaves the presidency because they're saying it's also going to be a gift for his presidential library, his hypothetical library, which basically means the plane becomes his and his families.


This is the most blatant corruption in plain view. Add to that, the fact that the Attorney General, Pam Bondi was previously a consultant for cutter making about $115,000 per month. Add to that, the fact that Cutter was the group or the country as part of a group that bailed out Kushner when his building 6, 6, 6 building interesting numbers in Manhattan was about to go bankrupt during the first Trump administration. And by the way, do you hear Donald Trump talking bad about any Middle East countries? We know Trump is talking crap about Canada, about our allies in Europe, but when it comes to Saudi Arabia, when it comes to Qatar, when it comes to the uni United Arab Emirates, Donald Trump doesn't have a negative thing to say about them.


Add to that, the fact that Donald Trump will be taking a trip to the Middle East meeting with all of these countries whose sovereign wealth funds are directly invested in Donald Trump and Trump's family businesses. Add to that, the fact that Trump's kids recently held a conference with all of these Middle East sovereign wealth funds where they told the funds how you do business with Mar-a-Lago, they called it the Mar-a-Lago economy. How foreign sovereign wealth funds in the Middle East can inject money directly into the Trump family. I kid you not, they held an actual conference that that dealt with that. Let me just read for you what Laura Loomer, one of Trump's top advisors is saying about Trump doing this deal.


Then let's go through the facts and let's unpack this. So fact number one, undisputed. Trump is accepting this gift from Qatar, $400 million gold plate and airplane. So while Americans can't afford homes, as prices are going up, as Donald Trump manipulates the markets with on and off again trade wars, this is what Trump is making deals for himself. Laura Loomer says, so not only will the president of the United States be flying around on a $400 million jet paid for by Cutter, but don't forget, our own United States Attorney General, Pam Blondie, that's what she calls her, was once a registered foreign lobbyist on behalf of Cutter Blondie was compensated $115,000 per month by Cutter.


Cutter has given over $1.8 billion to Hamas over the years. That's an incredible amount of influence for Qatar, a country that harbors Islamic terrorists who have, with our most senior officials, especially given the fact that Islam is completely incompatible with Western civilization and the Judeo-Christian values in our Constitution. That's again what Trump's top advisor. I'm reading you what she's saying. She then goes, I love Trump. I would take a bullet for him, but I have to call. I don't like this expression, A spade a spade, but that's what she says. I'm just reading, but I don't like that expression. If You know its roots, she, well, I don't like a lot of things that she says. Let's be very clear most of the things she says, but here she's at least calling Trump out. We cannot accept a $400 million gift from Jihadist in suits, the Qataris from the same Iranian proxies in Hamas and Hezbollah who have murdered US service members, the same proxies that have worked with the Mexican cartels To get jihadist across our borders.


This is really going to be such a stain on the administration if it's true, and I say that as someone who would take a bullet for Trump, I am so disappointed. Pull up right here. The consulted agreement. Pam Bonde, or as Laura Loomer calls her, Pam Blondie is indeed a foreign agent or was a foreign agent doing consulting services for Cutter. Here you see the agreement Consulting Services Agreement, embassy of the United States. You take a look here and you look at who is involved in consideration of the mutual promises set forth herein. The term of the agreement shall commence on July one and expire appendix. A additionally consultant shall provide services.


The following consultant personnel shall be designated key personnel, Ms. Pam Bondi and Mr. James Rubin. Key personnel shall be personally and substantially engaged in the delivery of the services. So that I think is to comply with the Foreign Agents Services Act. So Bondi was indeed a, a agent, a consultant for Cutter as Ned Price says, just take a look what happened in the past few days. Trump is negotiating true deals directly with the Houthis covering only the United States. Trump is speaking directly with Hamas declining to add Israel to his Middle East swing. Met face-to-face with Iranian officials, accepted a $400 million plane from Qatar for personal use, and Ned price goes.


Some of this has potential to be good. I guess some is quite bad. Some is hideously ugly, but critics at home, including in Congress and around the world would be howling from rooftops. Had just about any other president done any of this. How about a fraction of this? Instead, we have a collective shrug. Well, you don't have a collective shrug here at the minus Touch network. This is something we call out and talk about daily.


As You know, I'm a dad and well, I've just been having the greatest time ever. Here's the thing, I never knew just how important it was, what we give our children. Typical children's vitamins are basically candy in disguise. They're filled with two teaspoons of sugar, unhealthy chemicals, and other gummy junk that growing kids should never eat. That's why HIA was created. The pediatrician approved superpower chewable vitamin. Now, while most children's vitamins are filled with five grams of sugar and can contribute to a variety of health issues, HIA is made with zero sugar and zero gummy junk. Yet it tastes great and is perfect for picky eaters. Haya fills in the most important common gaps in modern children's diets to provide the full body nourishment that our kids need with a yummy taste that they love formulated. With the help of nutritional experts, Haya is pressed with a blend of 12 organic fruits and veggies, then supercharged with 15 essential vitamins and minerals, including vitamin D, B12 C, zinc, folate, and many others to help support immunity, energy, brain function, mood, concentration, teeth, bones, and more. It's non GMO, vegan, dairy free, allergy free, gelatin free nut free and everything else you can imagine. HIA is designed for kids of all ages and sent straight to your door. So parents have one less thing to worry about. Like I said, I'm a dad and I wanna make sure that I give my child the best possible vitamins, and that's why I'm so happy to have come across HIA Health. The ingredients are amazing and I don't have to worry about sugar or gummy junk because HIA Health is made without that stuff and it's able to keep the great taste. Now, we've worked out a special deal with HIA for their bestselling children's vitamin. Receive 50% off your first order now to claim this deal, you must go to HIA health.com/midas. Now, this deal is not available on their regular website. Go to H-I-Y-A-H-E-A LT h.com/midas and get your kids the full body nourishment they need to grow into healthy adults.


Let's talk about some of the other deals that have been made. The Abu Dhabi Sovereign Wealth Fund using $2 billion of Trump crypto to make purchases. Basically being able to funnel the service fees to Donald Trump that way and Trump's family through that. You've got Qatar building Resorts and villas for Trump. You've got Saudi Arabia building resorts for Trump in Oman, but you can go back like y'all. Remember the origin of this and just security did a good job researching this. Remember the timeline on Jared Kushner Cutter and 6 6 6 Fifth Avenue, y'all.


Y'all remember that story? I'll just remind you of it right now. This was published March 11th, 2020. It goes on to talk about this timeline right here. When the Kushner companies purchased 6 6 6 fifth Avenue in Midtown Manhattan in early 2007 for a record breaking $1.8 billion, it was supposed to be the center of their real estate portfolio. Instead, the Kushner struggled to cover their debt on the troubled building since shortly after its purchase on the eve of the financial crisis, as Jared Kushner's father-in-law, Donald Trump was running for president at the time. The Kushners were pitching Qatari investors to help bail out the building.


And just weeks after his father, Charles reportedly failed to reach a deal with Cutter's. Minister of Finance, Jared Kushner and his capacity as a senior advisor to Donald Trump reportedly played a central role in supporting a blockade of Qatar by Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. Kushner never disclosed his meeting with Saudi Arabia and the UAE on the blockade to then Secretary of State Rex Tillerson at the time. Later, a financial company tied to Cutter brokered an especially valuable deal to rescue the Kushner Company's property at 6 6 6 fifth Avenue.


So that's the timeline there. So there are deep roots here. I wanna also share with you some of these comments from people who are, are reviewing the story at the New York Post. I mean, the New York Post is a right wing paper. So the commenters usually on New York post stories are Trump and MAGA or Trump and MAGA adjacent. I looked at the story that they published on, on this where they talked about the gold plated walls, and you get things like this, enjoy. You earned it. Maga trust, but verify, wired up from the enemy, prime to spy, preloaded with listening devices and apparently illegal. We have no business accepting this gift.


Buy him his own damn plane, but not a hand me down rigged with listening devices. Wow, imagine what we had to give up to receive a gift of this magnitude. Doho is great. Yay, America. Never ever would he fly on such a plane. People don't even believe this story's true. Never would he ever fly on such a plane. The security issues are just insurmountable. I wouldn't trusts them. Meanwhile, in the US people are starving, hoarding, screaming, shooting. But good to know that this is what Donald Trump is focused on. Other Trump supporters just can't believe this. Anyone who believes this story, I have a bridge to sell you. Fake news, fake news, and and, and There you have it.


Now, here is Donald Trump's press secretary, chief Propagandist. When she was asked about Trump's trips that he's about to take to the Middle East, she got very defensive and she's like, how dare you ever make accusations that Donald Trump is in quid pro quos. He's just going to the Middle East to say hello to them. You know, n there's nothing to see here. How dare you make such accusations here, play this clip. You. You Noted he is a successful businessman. Do You know if the president has any plans to, to meet with any of the folks involved with any of the, the family businesses over there or see any of the sites that are gonna be Not to my knowledge, and let me just get to the premise of your question that both of you have raised.


I think it's frankly ridiculous that anyone in this room would even suggest that President Trump is doing anything for his own benefit. He left a life of luxury and a life of running a very successful real estate empire for public service, not just once, but twice. And again, the American public reelected him back to this White House because they trust, he acts in the best interest of our country and putting the American public first. This is a president who has actually lost money for being president of the United States. I don't remember these same type of questions being asked of my predecessor about a career politician who was clearly profiting off of this office. That is not what President Trump does, and this White House holds ourselves to the highest of ethical standards. Well, there you have it, folks.


You can judge for yourself. Let me know what you think and hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million Subscribe Meidas and thank you for watching. Can't get Enough Midas Plus, check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.