
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash special offer.


If you have kids or pets, You know stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable. But the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit Chem Dry dot com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry. Or visit chem drive.com Today.


I'm William Gug, a URI Collaborate and professional ultra runner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing. I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the COMT jogger I've ever worn, and the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the Dream knit collection by going to uri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william. Where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one. Ready to eat meal service factor's, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code, listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me. Chuck s GPT, What do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff, even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 To get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem Call one 800 gambler.


Just go to sleep, Donald, just a complete and utter maniac all throughout the night post after post attacking a, B, c saying, I'm gonna sue you. If you keep talking about Qatar, I'm gonna sue you. Stop talking about the plane. You've got Donald Trump also making posts accusing Hillary Clinton of like murder in these weird conspiracy videos that he's posting. Not to mention earlier in the day Donald Trump was attacking Walmart, he said, Walmart's making too much money. He says, you gotta eat the tariffs, Walmart, you gotta eat the tariffs. China can. This behavior is so unhinged.


I want to just go through what's going down here. And all of this is taking place as a new poll was just released showing Donald Trump's approval is underwater in basically every major category. And when you start talking about the economy and foreign policy and tariffs, American people, Democrats, republicans, independents hate this guy. It's the latest polling from a company and organization called Strength in Numbers verite. And when you go through specific policy areas, he has a net minus 32 point rating on prices and inflations minus 17 point net rating on jobs and the economy.


A minus 21 when it comes to trade, A minus 20 on government funding minus 17 on healthcare, on foreign policy minus 16 points on federal government workforce minus 15 minus 16 points. And a lot of these were areas that Republicans used to do good at. Also Donald Trump attacking James Coy Comey's daughter-in-law and he calls him Coney James Comey's daughter and son-in-law need to be relieved of their duties by the FBI. They work in the federal government. Oh, and not to mention Donald Trump posting weird, just fake AI videos of himself singing songs in front of fake crowds.


I mean, this behavior is completely unhinged. I mean, you, you, you also have Ayatollah Khomeni of Iran saying the following about Donald Trump. Some of the remarks made during the US President's trip to the region, to the Middle East aren't even worth a response at all. The level of those remarks is so low that they are a source of shame for the American nation. Just think about that. You have the leader of Iran acting like a moral authority saying that I don't even need to re, I don't even need to respond to what Trump is say saying he's so shame the United States of America.


It is just so utterly embarrassing for America right now as an American. You know how embarrassing that is? And I, I said this elsewhere, You know, American media has so propagandized, this Trump regime, and I'm not just talking about Fox, like corporate news, has tried to normalize all of this stuff and they regurgitate Donald Trump's fake deals as headlines to make it seem like Trump did this great trip to the Middle East and they spend their times like talking about Biden and all these ridiculous things while Donald Trump's destroying the United States of of America. I don't think Americans fully appreciate how utterly disastrous this trip to the Middle East was.


And just how further it reinforced to the rest of the world. What an unstable like gremlin creature like Kim Jong-un like this, this mush of a human, if you want to call him that is, and it just reinforced to the world like utter weakness. I mean they, they look at what Syria did, right? Like the leader of Syria saw all these other countries bribing Donald Trump with Bitcoin deals and with gold-plated jets. And so the leader of Syria is like, okay, here's what we're gonna do. We want To get rid of the sanctions against us. Let's just offer Donald Trump a Trump Tower Damascus, let's bribe them.


And then maybe we'll get some of these sanctions removed. They offer him a Trump Tower Damascus cause effect. Donald Trump meets with the leader of Syria and calls him a handsome man. You're so handsome. You're so good looking. Look how handsome you're you, you're hot, you're a handsome man. That's what Trump says to the guy. And then he removes the tariffs against, against Syria. This is going under reported as well, but I'm gonna do a whole other video on it. 'cause I think it's very important. So Donald Trump's family who are 60% owners of this crypto venture that he does World Liberty life or like world life crypto, whatever the hell it's called, they did a deal under reported with Pakistan in late April, like six days after the terrorist attack in Kashmere Trump Family Crypto.


They own 60% of this company did this crypto deal with Pakistan. And it's really has India infuriated. And Prime Minister Modi is infuriated right now at Donald Trump trying to brag and take credit for negotiating the ceasefire between India and Pakistan. And India's like you had nothing to do with it at all. And then Donald Trump's out there making fake, doing announcements claiming he did deals with India. And India. India's like, we, we haven't done a trade deal with you. Stop making up these things about India. Like stop, stop like lying about our country. So that Pakistan crypto deal with the Trump family, that's gone under reported as well and, and just hear, hear Trump is, You know, late at night, Saturday night, You know, it's like 11 o'clock, like 11 o'clock eastern.


Why doesn't chairman Bob Iger do something about a b, c fake news? Especially since I just won a $16 million based on the fake and defamatory reporting of little George Slop. Opolis, he was given warnings but just couldn't be restrained by management. Now I see they are at it again and I've given these sleaze bags. Fair warning. The wonderful country of Qatar, after agreeing to invest more than $1.4 trillion in the United States of America, deserves much better than the misleading fake news. Everyone, including their lawyers, has been told that A BC must not say that Qatar, Qatar is giving me a free Boeing 7 47 airplane because they are not.


Instead and as fake news, A, B, C fully knows this highly respected country is donating a plan to the United States Air Force. By the way, do you notice how the deal went from $1.2 trillion to $1.4 trillion? The entire annual GDP of Qatar is $200 billion. Okay? Qatar, Qatar can't make a $1.4 trillion contribution without sacrificing six years or more. Seven years under your new, under your under your new fake number of its annual GDP. It's just all an absolute lie.


And this is why you can't settle with Trump. If you give him an inch, he takes your life. He is an exter. Like quite literally, he's a felon. He is a fraud. He is a sex abuser. That's who he is. He's a sexual, he's been found liable for sexual abuse. He's a bankrupt. You don't do deals with this guy. You, you can't. He's a crook. He literally is a criminal. You can't, you're gonna go do deals with criminals, then go, oh my God, I got screwed by the felon. I mean, the guy's a felon, he's gonna act like a felon. He's a, he has horrible, he has no character. He's a vile piece.


Buy a piece of trash. Excuse my language that, that, that's, sorry, curse. That's all. I mean, that that's who he is. That's who his history is. You can't trust somebody like that. And just take a look at this. You know, you've got him, you've got him posting weird videos of himself playing piano. And I like, well, what, what the hell is he doing? I, I like Jonah Goldberg who wrote this when Donald Trump was saying, Walmart needs to stop blaming tariffs for raising its prices and they need to eat the tariffs. Jonah Goldberg goes, I'm old enough to remember because I'm not a newborn infant. When Trump said tariffs were paid by other countries.


How can Walmart eat tariffs when they're not already eaten by other countries? You wanna see like real diplomacy. You wanna see, see what, like what's really going down in the rest of the world. Here you have President Zelinsky and Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney discussing new sanctions, targeting Russia's energy sector and shadow fleet. Quote, the priority is pushing Russia toward real steps to end the war. Zelinsky said, after the meeting, and Zelinsky and Carney discussed new pressure mechanisms on Russia during meeting in Rome. That's what the adults are doing. While Donald trump's out there whining like a little petulant baby, no offense to petulant babies who behave far more maturely than this.


This is what Donald, this is, this is what real leaders are doing now. Wanna wanna share, share with you this as well. Spencer Kimi had pointed this out. American companies going to Europe to raise euros because it's more stable, easier and cheaper to borrow in Frankfurt than in New York. Welcome to the upside down. US companies are now tapping Europe's debt market at a record pace attracted by lower borrowing costs on the continent and the chance to diversify their sources of funding and uncertainty over Donald Trump's tariffs triggers big markets wings. Strong demand from European debt investors has allowed us non-financial companies to borrow 40 billion euros in so-called reverse Yankee deals in which US groups raise money in the Euro dominated bond market as a May 9th.


According to Bank of America data, new deals worth multiple billions of euros have been priced since then. So if you're wondering the ramifications of Donald Trump's behavior, as lots of top financial people have said, as I've said, Donald Trump has destroyed the American brand. He's destroyed this idea that America is the stable place where you put your money. It isn't anymore. So companies are looking elsewhere right now. Moody's, the credit agency that's been around since 1917, I reported on this yesterday, downgraded the United States credit score.


It's the first time it's been downgraded since 1917. They didn't downgrade the US credit score through the world wars, through, You know, through great recessions, through great depressions. Now it's been downgraded because of Donald Trump's despicable behavior. That, that, that's why that's what's going down right there. A few other things I wanna point out, I think it's important to discuss. One of them is horrific storms. I'm gonna do a whole other video on this. Horrific storms in Kentucky, Missouri, Indiana, Illinois. Donald Trump's not mentioning at all.


You haven't heard him post one thing about it. Over 16 Americans have died in these horrific storms. And one of the things we're learning is that the storm forecasting was compromised by Dojo's firings at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Agencies and the Weather Service, the National Weather Service NWS. They didn't have the staff to even let people know about how bad these storms were gonna be before horrible stuff. And Donald Trump's not even acknowledging it. Another factor, You know about the situation in the airports right now with air traffic control and multiple airports losing sight of their radar for minutes on end.


We've seen it happen in Denver. We're seeing it happen in Newark. We're seeing it happen in other airports, and we're gonna learn about more airports over the coming weeks. We know that. But now in Newark, there's also a measles outbreak. So Newark Airport, under the Trump regime come for the near death flight experiences and delays stay for measles. And RFK Jr will tell you that he thinks that he's not sure if you should even get vaccinated for it. Of course you should. What? A what? A ridiculous kakis Ocracy. What a ridiculous regime. Let me play this video of Democratic Congress member Jamie Raskin to play us out.


I want you to hear what he has to say. Let's play it. We're building a new Air Force one and we have an Air Force one. So it's not like this is coming because the government is trying to requisition new property and putting out a bid for Oxford. This is coming because Donald Trump liked a plane, like a 5-year-old boy and he decided he wanted that plane and he's been zeroed in on that plane and he wants to take his $400 million gift. He said he would be a stupid person not to take it. But it's not an intelligence test and it's not a personality test. It's a constitutional test. And it's up to Congress to determine whether that's in the national security interest of the United States and whether it's in the interest of the public integrity of the US government.


There you have it folks. Let me know what you think. Kids subscribe and let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Thank you for watching new Might us merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at storage. Job Midas Plus touch.com.