
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms. Apply.


The NBA playoffs are here, and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck. GPT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's. Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is knowledgeable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler


Up. The Trump Effect is real. All across the world, we're seeing the MAGA Trump aligned candidates getting upset by the pro-democracy candidates on Sunday. We saw this take place in Romania and Poland, and over the past few weeks, we saw the Trump and MAGA aligned candidates get upset in Canada and Australia. Also, I think that it is not a coincidence that Pope Leo was someone who was very critical of Trump's position on, or I should just call it, torture of migrants with JD Vance, and that the Vatican elevated a new Pope signaling.


I think the belief that with Trump in charge America is on the decline, such that an American Pope could be selected. Let's break all of this down. I wanna also talk about Donald Trump's unhinged responses throughout the day. But I think this post nicely sums everything up. They lost in Canada, they lost in Australia, Romania, and Poland, and I think we're gonna be seeing more of this throughout the world. And again, if you looked at the results in Romania and you compared it to what was projected just a few days ago, or especially even earlier in the month where the far right wing candidate there, Simeon George Simeon was expected to go on and win, and he actually won the first round.


No one had really predicted that there would be this type of commanding victory for the pro-democracy, pro EU centrist candidate Kucher Dan going on to beat the MAGA align. Simeon, you go to Poland, we reported on this before as well. The Liberal Warsaw Mayor, Rafal Razowsky went on to beat the MAGA Republican aligned candidate Ola. Now Rocky, in the first round of the presidential elections in Poland, June 1st will be the second round there. Let me just show you the respective celebrations very quickly.


Here in Romania, the mayor of Bucharest, the next leader of Romania, here he is. You'll see him right here. Nicker Dan. Here he is, right here. Let's play it. And here we see in Poland, Razowsky the centrist. Let's play the the crowd right there. Let's play it. Oh, Chef. Oh chef, go shot. Go shot, Go shot. Now, in addition to just these elections, one of the things we're seeing as well is the world recognize how much of a bad negotiator Donald Trump is and how weak he is, and how Donald Trump has just been capitulating and or announcing fake deals.


When Donald Trump got outmaneuvered by China, that was a watershed moment where Trump claimed he had a deal with China last week after meetings in Switzerland, but obviously there wasn't a deal. They reached a consensus where the United States completely caved and withdrew 145% tariffs that Trump said was gonna make America so rich and moved it to 30%. Also, you dig into the fine print of not even the fine print, just the big print of Trump's purported deal with the uk. Not a real deal at all. It actually says this is not a real, it says it's not an actual binding deal, but what it would do is give significant advantages to Jaguar Land Rover and Rolls Royce over American car manufacturers.


So the whole world is seeing that. Also, Moody's, the credit agency, downgraded the US credit score for the first time in Moody's history since 1917. The world sees all of that. And Right now, China, US trade truce is, that's how Bloomberg calls it, more like capitulation by the US prompts all of these other nations to consider tougher tactics against Donald Trump. Quote, there are many countries that may learn from China that the correct way to negotiate with Trump is to stand firm, remain calm, and force him to capitulate. Now, right before the markets open this morning, we see that the treasury futures are in a steep decline after Moody's cut the US credit rating.


Bonds getting drilled Right now as Spencer Ian puts it at the open, 4.53% is the 10 year yield. Is that going to hit a five handle soon? That's what I'm gonna be focused on. When I say five handle, I mean 5%. And this is gonna impact everything from causing mortgage rates to skyrocket. It's gonna make it very difficult for the United States to refinance its debt and this disastrous budget deal or this budget bill rather, that Trump is pushing through. It's gonna add about $6 trillion to the deficit. And it just, last night, very late last night, was approved by the budget committee on a vote of 17 to 16 with those four previous no votes, abstaining and just not voting, but it passed the budget committee by one vote.


It now goes through the next steps. But we're seeing as well the markets, at least the futures, which is when I'm recording this, showing a steep decline as well on the news of Moody's downgrading the United States credit. Now, this would be something, this would be a time where you'd want real leadership, right? Nope, not from Donald Trump. All throughout yesterday, he was posting weird memes of himself holding swords that he reposted from Q Anon, death cult accounts like Spiritual Street Fighter 17. That account says, I support Q Anon is basically what it says. So Trump keeps reposting Q Anon death cult stuff.


He also was posting weird videos of himself. I guess he was so self-conscious of the fact that Bruce Springsteen was mocking him or criticizing him for the disaster he's caused to Americans. Trump was posting weird AI images of himself playing fake music in front of a fake crowd. Very bizarre behavior indeed. And then Donald Trump was posting calls for military tribunals to put former president, president Obama on military tribunals also reposts from those Q Anon accounts. I mean, look, this is a demented sicko, a vile piece of trash, a felon, a fraud, a sexual abuser who behaves like a maniac.


You know? Would you be like, oh my God, Jeffrey Dahmer, he behave, he's, he's eating people. He's he's a mass murderer. Well, he's just, he's a disgusting, vile murderer. That's who he is. When you look at Donald Trump, he is a criminal felon, fraud bankrupt. He behaves as such. There's a reason that people like Donald Trump should be locked up in prison for the rest of their lives, in my opinion, and not running a country. We're seeing the effects of this Right now. And then surrounding themselves with other violent, despicable individuals like the Treasury Secretary Scott Bessant, who's worth basically a billion dollars who previously lived in a, this is how weird these people are in a real world, a real life version of the Pink Barbie mansion.


That's where he lived. And here he was doing the morning shows yesterday, blaming former President Biden for the reason that Donald Trump was taking bribes from Qatar. Play the clip Sends the wrong message, it sends the wrong message and raises concerns ethically, raises concerns constitutionally and about security. Why is it appropriate for the president to accept a $400 million jet from Qatar? Well, it is not the president, except it'd be the United States government. And Senator Mullens said this weekend that the talks had actually begun under the Biden administration. So, but Kristen, what I can tell you is I think this is a off ramp for many in the media not to acknowledge what an incredible trip this was, that President Trump has brought back trillions of investments in the United States.


Every stop we made that the, the enthusiasm in and Saudi Arabia, in Qatar, in the United, a Arab Emirates to invest in the United States, that they wanna push more and more the funds here. And if we go back to your initial question on the Moody's downgrades, who cares? Qatar doesn't. Saudi doesn't, UAE doesn't. They're all pushing money in. They want to, they've made 10 year the, they've made 10 year investment plans. So this administration, we're doing peace deals, trade deals, and tax deals. Now also on the morning shows, though, you had a former vice president, Mike Pence, who was actually very critical of Donald Trump taking gifts from Saudi Arabia, which was, which supported nine 11 Qatar, which supports Hamas.


Here's what Pence had to say yesterday. Play this clip, Going to accept a $400 million luxury jet from Qatar to use as a temporary Air Force one. He said he'll eventually donate that to his presidential library. Do you think President Trump should accept a, a military aircraft from Qatar? Well, I, I think first we've gotta remember who Qatar is. We, we've got a military base there. I have members of our immediate family that have deployed to the region, but Qatar has a long history of playing both sides. They support Hamas, they supported Al-Qaeda. Qatar has actually financed pro Hamas protests on American campuses across the United States.


And so the very idea that, that we would accept an Air Force one from Qatar, I think is inconsistent with our security, with our intelligence needs. And my hope as the president reconsiders it, And here Pence talks about how despicable, despicable it is for Donald Trump to be, and Saudi Arabia and Qatar and the United Arab Emirates, questioning the united, attacking United States leadership in the world and Saudi Arabia here play this clip. Kristen, I, I've never been a fan of American presidents criticizing America on foreign soil.


And to have the president and Saudi Arabia questioning America's global war on terror and describing it as nation building and interventionist, I, I thought was a disservice to generations of Americans who wore the uniform, who took the fight to her enemy, You know, in Afghanistan and in Iraq, and particularly giving that speech. And Saudi Arabia, where 15 of the 19 9 11 hijackers, hailed from and, and not including Osama bin Laden, I, I thought was, was unfortunate. Now, let me just show you what the democrats were saying.


Democratic Senator Chris Van Holland. Here's what he had to say. Play this clip. Donald Trump's visit to the Middle East. My view is the overall narrative here was selling out US national interests for the private gain of his family business. He essentially gave away the crown jewels of American AI and semiconductor technology to the Gulf. In exchange. Yeah, in exchange, it looks like for a $2 billion investment in the Trump family stable coin venture. I did a whole other video about this, but let me just say it. At the end of this video, of course, our heart goes out to President Biden and his family after that horrible, horrible cancer diagnosis.


We, we did a whole, it was, it was a very tough one for me to get through that video I did yesterday. And, You know, our deepest, heartfelt, You know, sympathy. What, what, what, just send positive thoughts to the Biden family Right now. I I had the opportunity to be one of the last reporters. I may have been the last reporter to interview former President Biden inside the White House in December, 2024. Here play this clip. When history is all told, how do you want to be remembered? What do you want your legacy to be? I kept my word that when I said I was going to do something I did, and that my focus has always been about how to give ordinary people a shot.


You've probably heard me say it before. My dad used say, Joey, your job's about a lot more than the paycheck. It's about your dignity. It's about respect. It's about being able to look at your kid in the eye and say, honey's gonna be okay and mean it. It's about being able to be yourself and focus on people who need some help. And the vast majority of American people, all they want is a chance. Just a chance. And they'll do fine. You see hope. I do. I'm hopeful. Powerful statements from former President Biden. Indeed. And just to show you this kind of maga reality dystopia kid rock is now with Lauren Bobert.


That's like the full completion of of, of Ville Lauren Bobert and Kid Rock Together. I mean, and taking photos together is so odd, folks. We'll keep you posted every step of the way today. Today's my 40th birthday. I turned 40 today. I really appreciate all of your support all, all throughout these years. Mightest mighty. Thank you, everybody. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.


We interrupt this program to bring you an important Wayfair message. Wayfair's got style tips for every home. This is Nicole Byer, helping you make those rooms flyer today's style tip when it comes to making a statement. Treat bold patterns like neutrals. Go wild. Like an untamed Animal Print area, rug under rustic farmhouse table from wayfair.com. Ooh, fierce. This has been your Wayfair style tip to keep those interiors superior, Wayfair, every style, every home.