
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Donald Trump just held a disastrous meeting in the Oval Office with El Salvador's autocratic President na belli. I am not being hyperbolic when I say that. This was one of the single most shameful meetings to ever take place in the Oval Office in American history. Trump spread Russian propaganda, said he'll be defying a ruling from the Supreme Court and said he is looking into sending American citizens to concentration camps in El Salvador. What we are witnessing right now is a full-blown constitutional crisis and we must not avert our eyes to the reality unfolding in the United States of America. My name is Brett MICUs with the Midas Touch Network. Remember to subscribe to our YouTube channel. We are on the way to 5 million subscribers.


So Trump gave B Kelly a very warm greeting as he entered the White House. I gotta say the difference between the respect that Trump shows to autocrats compared to our allies like Ukrainian President Zelensky, for example, is striking. And by the way, Belli did not wear a suit, but that did not seem to bother Trump. His administration. This time as Midas Touch editor-in-chief Ron Philip Kowski said, quote, what a contrast between how our allies get treated versus little dictators like b Kelly. Not a word about him not wearing a suit either as he petitions the US to expand his country's mercenary penal colony by sending him more money. In this moment, Kaitlyn Collins asked Trump if he plans to ask to return Kmar Abrego Garcia. That's the man the Trump administration admitted to sending to an El Salvador in prison camp by mistake.


Trump attacked the press and then Attorney General Pam Bondy lied about abrego Garcia's past and immigration status. As a reminder, he was here legally and said that it's up to El Salvador if they wanna return him to the United States. Watch this. Let's hear the question from this very low rated anchor at CB, Do you plan to ask President McKayley to help return the man who your administration says was mistakenly deported, which the man who was mistakenly deported to El Salvador? Well, let me ask Pam. Would you ask to answer that question? Sure. President, first and foremost, he was illegally in our country. He had been illegally in our country and in 20 19, 2 courts, an immigration court and an appellate immigration court ruled that he was a member of MS 13 and he was illegally in our country right now.


It was a paperwork, it was additional paperwork had needed to be done. That's up to El Salvador. If they want to return him, that's not up to us. The Supreme Court ruled president that if as El Salvador wants to return him this, this is international matters, foreign affairs, if they wanted to return him, we would facilitate it, meaning provide a plane. So then the El Salvador and President said that he doesn't have the power to return a Bgo Garcia to the United States either. How Can I just muggle a terrorist of the United States? I don I don't have the power to return him to the United States. You could release him inside of sva. Yeah, but I'm not releasing, I mean, we're not very fond of releasing terrorists into our country.


We just turned the murder capital of the world into the safest country, the Western hemisphere. And you want us to go back into the releasing criminals so we can go back to being the murder capital of the world. Now that's, that's not gonna happen. That's Well, they'd love to have a criminal, you know, released into Yeah, I I mean there's, that's a fascination. They would Love it. Yeah. So suddenly all these people like to consider themselves so powerful. All of a sudden they're just powerless to do anything. Here you, you see what's going on here. And did you notice, by the way, what he said, quote, we're not very fond of releasing terrorists. Listen, if they can call a wrongly deported innocent man, a terrorist and sent him to a foreign gulag, then nobody is safe. Kaitlyn Collins then asked Trump about his own comments that he said the other day that he would listen to the Supreme Court.


Trump naturally insulted her. Watch this. Well, the president, Mr. President, you said that if the Supreme Court said someone needed to be returned, that you would abide by that. You said that on Air Force one just a few days ago and they said that have to answer, it must be facilitated. Why don't you just say, isn't it wonderful that we're keeping criminals out of our country? Why can't you just say that? What's illegal? Why do you go over and over and that's why nobody watches you anymore. You know, you have no credibility. Please go Ahead then. Steven Miller and Trump said that the Supreme Court's ruling was actually unanimous ruling in favor of the Trump administration. This is one of the most heinous, bald faced lies that we have witnessed. Yet promise you if he was your neighbor, you would move right away So you don't plan to have The Supreme Court is asking To.


Is that ruling in the Supreme Court, Steve? Was it nine to nothing? Yes. It Was a a nine zero In Our favor. In our favor against the District Court ruling saying that no district court has the power to compel the foreign policy function of the United States. As Pam said, the ruling solely stated that if this individual at El Salvador's sole discretion was sent back to our country, that we could deport him a second time. Well, I, no version of this legally ends up with him ever living here because he's a citizen of El Salvador that is the president of El Salvador. Your questions about it per the court can only be directed to him. So that is of course the opposite of what happened. That is utterly Orwellian and anti-American. The Supreme Court ruled unanimously that Trump must facilitate the return of Abrego Garcia.


There was no gray area here. The court wrote, quote, the rest of the District court's order remains in effect but requires clarification on remand. The order properly requires the government to facilitate Abrego Garcia's release from custody in El Salvador and to ensure that his case is handled as it would have been had he not been improperly sent to El Salvador. Stephen Miller then called it arrogant for the press to ask about Abrego Garcia and lied about the Supreme Court ruling some more. Watch this Stephen Miller. Wait a minute. If you just also respond to that question because you know, know it's asked by CNN and they always ask it with a slant because they're totally slanting 'cause they don't know what's happening. That's why nobody's watching 'em. But would you answer that question also, please?


Yes, gladly. So as Pam mentioned, there's an illegal alien from El Salvador. So with respect to you, he's a citizen of El Salvador. So it's very arrogant, even for American media to suggest that we would even tell El Salvador how to handle their own citizens As a starting point, as two immigration courts found that he was a member of MS 13 when President Trump declared MS 13 to be a foreign terrorist organization. That meant that he was no longer eligible under federal law, which I'm sure you know you're very familiar with the INA, that he was no longer eligible for any form of immigration relief in the United States. So he had a deportation order that was valid, which meant that under our law, he's not even allowed to be present in the United States and had to be returned because of the foreign terrorist designation.


This issue was then by a district court judge completely inverted and a district court judge tried to tell the administration that they had to kidnap a citizen of El Salvador and fly him back here. That issue was raised to the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court said the District court order was unlawful and its main components were verse nine zero unanimously stating clearly that neither secretary of State nor the president could be compelled by anybody to forcibly retrieve a citizen of El Salvador from El Salvador, who again is a member of MS 13. We've got a lot more to report here. I'll be back after this quick break.


Do you know if Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US? With thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers? They have all the plants your yard needs, like fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs and so much more. Whatever plants you're interested in, fast growing trees has you covered. Find the perfect fit for your climate and space. Fast growing trees makes it easy to get your dream yard order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days without ever leaving home. Their live and thrive guarantee ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape, choose the right plants, and learn how to care for them. I got a lemon tree from fast growing trees and it's my favorite thing in my yard. I was worried about ordering plants online, but it arrived fresh, strong, and ready to plant. Plus, now I get to just walk outside and pick my own citrus. Not to mention, it smells amazing every time I go out. And by the way, big yard, small yard, no yard at all. Doesn't matter. Fast growing trees has over 6,000 plants to fit any space. From indoor plants to fruit trees to full-size privacy trees and more fast growing trees has plant experts on call. So if you're like me and don't have a green thumb, they'll help you choose the right plant and keep it thriving. This spring they have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to our show, get 15% off their first purchase when using the code Midas Plus at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at fast-growing trees.com. Using the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout fast-growing trees.com code Midas now is the perfect time to plant, use Midas to save today. Offers valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply here.


Trump said that he's open to sending American citizens to El Salvador and torture camps. I Just a follow up question, a clarification. You mentioned that you're open to deporting individuals that aren't foreign aliens brought criminals to El Salvador. Does that in, does that include potentially US citizens fully naturalizing America, If they're criminals and if they hit people with baseball bats over their head that happen to be 90 years old and if, if they rape 87-year-old women in Coney Island, Brooklyn? Yeah, yeah. That includes them. Why do you think there's special category of person? They're as bad as anybody that comes in. We have bad ones too, and I'm all for it because we can do things with the president for less money and have great security and we have a huge prison population.


We have a huge number of prisons and then we have the private prisons and some are operated, well, I guess and some aren't, but he does a great job with that. We have others that we're negotiating with too. But no, if it's, if it's a, if it's a homegrown criminal, I have no problem. Now we we're studying the laws right now, Pam is studying. If we can do that, that's good. And I'm talking about violent people. I'm talking about really bad people, really bad people. Every bit as bad as the ones coming in. And I made the statement when I heard, heard about this a long time ago now, four years ago when I heard that this guy was having open borders, I said, every single criminal from all over the world is gonna be dumped into our country.


And that's what happened. Jails, the jails of the Congo were emptied out. And by the way, here's footage that was captured on the El Salvadoran government's live stream. This did not make it on the cable networks in the United States. The quality isn't great, but you could hear Trump endorse the idea of sending what he calls homegrowns. That means American citizens to El Salvador in prison camps. Watch this. Homegrown criminals next. Yeah, I said homegrown. The next, the Homegrowns built, you gotta build about five more places. Yeah, that's fair. Alright. It's not big enough. No. Yeah. Marco Rubio, a man who has completely sold his soul, jumped in during the meeting to lie about a rego Garcia's immigration status and play dumb as to why anyone would be upset about the situation Outlined it, it, I don't understand what the confusion is.


This individual is a citizen of El Salvador. He was illegally in the United States and was returned to his country. That's where you deport people back to their country of origin, except for Venezuela that wasn't refusing to take people back of places like that. I can tell you this, Mr. President, no, the foreign policy of the United States is conducted by the President of the United States, not by a court. And no court in the United States has a right to conduct a foreign policy of the United States. It's that simple end of story. By the way, this is not the only court order that Trump was defying today. The Associated Press reported that their journalists remain blocked from the Oval Office, despite a court order demanding their reinstatement. The AP said quote, our journalists were blocked from the Oval Office today. We expect the White House to restore APS participation in the pool as of today, as provided in the injunction order.


Speaking of the media, Trump attacked CNN as fake news and said that they hate our country. Watch this, Julie, what you're doing with with the border is remarkable. Has dropped what? 95% or it's incredible. Okay, as of this morning, 99%, 99.1% to be exact. Why are Those numbers not in the media? Well, they get out with the fake news. You know, like cnn, CNN over here doesn't want to put 'em out because they don't like, they don't like putting out good numbers. They don't really like putting out, 'cause I think they hate our country, actually. Yeah, this Is a great, but it's, it's a shame. You're right. Isn't that a great question? Why doesn't the mediator, why don't they put out numbers? Yeah, I Mean, 9%. I mean, it's a, it's crazy, right?


We're doing great. The El Salvadorian president told Trump that he has 350 million people to liberate in the United States. But in order to do that, Trump must imprison people watch this. And In fact, In fact, Mr. President, you have 350 million people to liberate you. But to liberate 350 million people, you have to imprison some, you know, that's the way it works, right? You cannot just, you know, free the criminals and, and think crime's gonna go down magically. You have to imprison them. So you can liberate 350 million Americans that are asking for Trump then spread Russian propaganda and refused to condemn Vladimir Putin after the horrifying attacks. We witnessed this weekend in Ukraine, a Russian missile attack had killed 34 and sue me in Ukraine on Palm Sunday, including two children.


But Trump has refused to say a single bad word about the attack or about Putin. And instead he's ramping up his attacks on zelensky Trump on social media this morning wrote quote, president Zelensky and crooked, Joe Biden did an absolutely horrible job in allowing this travesty to begin blaming Zelensky and Biden for Putin's illegal invasion. Trump earlier also called Putin's attack. Simply a quote mistake. He was asked about that during the Oval Office meeting, and he ended up attacking Biden and Zelensky for quote, letting the war happen. Repeatedly mentioned last night that Russia's attack, attack on Ukraine was a mistake. What is the exact mistake? And had you given Putin a deadline to actually move towards ceasefire?


The mistake was letting the war happen. If Biden were competent and if Zelinsky were competent. And I, I don't know that he is. We had a rough session with this guy over the years. He just kept asking for more and more. That war should have never been allowed to happen. That war. I went four years and Putin wouldn't even bring it up. And as soon as the election was rigged and I wasn't here, that war started. There was no way that war should have been allowed to happen and Biden should have stopped it. And, and you, you take a look at Putin. I'm not saying anybody's an angel, but I will tell you I went four years and it wasn't even a question. He would never, and I told him, don't do it.


You're not gonna do it. And it was the apple of his Eye. Trump then blamed Zelensky for starting the war and scolded him for asking for weapons. Trump said, quote, when you start a war, you gotta know you can win a war parroting Russian propaganda yet again and refusing to acknowledge that it was Putin who invaded Ukraine. Watch President Zelensky stir out is offered to purchase war patriot missile back. Oh, I don't know. He's always looking to purchase missiles. You know, he's, he's against, listen, when you start a war, you gotta know that you can win the war, right? You don't start a war against somebody that's 20 times your size and then hope that people give you some missiles. Trump then bragged about passing another cognitive test over the weekend.


Trump then bragged about passing another cognitive test over the past few days. This is one of those tests that are designed to detect signs of dementia. And he bragged that he got the highest marks of anyone ever watch this Very low IQ president. And by the way, I took my cognitive exam as part of my physical exam and I got the highest mark. And one of the doctors said, sir, I've never seen anybody get that kind of, that was the highest mark. I hope you're happy with that. Although they haven't been bugging me too much to take a cognitive, but I did do my physical and it was released. I hope you're all happy with it. I noticed there's no question, so probably you are. But the cognitive, they said to me, sir, would you like to take a cognitive test? I said, did Biden take one?


No. Did anybody take one? No, not too many people took him. I said, what about, what about Obama? Did he take one? No, he didn't take one either. I said, let me be the only one to take one. But I've actually taken him three times already. I like taking him because they're sort of, they're not too tough for me to take. Trump then said that he was going to raise prices on pharmaceuticals by implementing a tariff. Watch this Question on tariffs to you Today, tariff and particularly pharmaceuticals. So semiconductor tariffs and potentially pharma, pharmaceutical Pharmaceuticals. We're gonna do, we have, we don't make our own drugs, our own pharmaceuticals.


We don't make our own drugs anymore. The drug companies are in Ireland and they're in lots of other places. China. And all I have to do is impose a tariff. The more, the faster they move in, the higher the tariff is. Very, it's inversely proportional. The higher the tariff, the faster they come. And yeah, we're gonna be doing that. That's gonna be like we have on cars. We have, as you know, a 25% tariff on cars. We have a 25% tariff on steel and aluminum. And that's what that category fits right now. Finally, Trump then threatened to bomb Iran And they're not gonna have one. And if we have to do something very harsh, we'll do it.


And I'm not doing it for us. I'm doing it for the world. Is that, is that very, and these are radicalized people. Is that, and they cannot have a nuclear weapon. Does that potential, does that include a potential strike on Iranian nuclear facilities? Of course it does. So was I lying or being hyperbolic when I said this was possibly the most shameful Oval Office meeting in American history? This was some deranged, psychotic, evil, anti-American filth that we all just witnessed. But we cannot close our eyes or cover our ears to the reality we need to continue to grow this community and keep up the pressure. I know that we will never relent here at the Midas Touch Network. I know that you won't either. Thank you so much for watching. Remember to subscribe right now to our YouTube channel and add the Midas Touch Podcast on Apple Podcast on Spotify.


We'll see you soon.


Can't get enough Midas Plus check out the Midas Plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now at Midas Plus dot com.