
In the next two weeks, I'm going to Springfield. And I'm going to Aurora. You may never see me again, but that's okay. Donald Trump speaking in Uniondale, New York. If you even want to call it speaking, play the clip. New York State will be like a third World Nation. If it isn't already. It's, I think it's with Trump. The Empire State will once again be the envy of the entire world. Yeah. I mean, does he and his campaign think they're going to flip New York Red? Is that, is that the goal here? I mean, what are they even doing here?


play the clip. And the reason I'm here is because hasn't been done in many decades. It hasn't been done for a long time. But we are going to win New York. Here he is in Uniondale again, let's show you this clip. Play it. And God has now spared my life. It must have been God Thank you. Not once, but twice.


And there are those that say he did it because Trump is gonna turn this state around. He's gonna turn this country around. He's gonna make America great again. And maybe, and we're gonna bring back religion into our country. We see more of the same over here. Let's Play it. They're Doing things in politics that have never been done before in the history of our country, and worse of all, with their open borders and bad elections, they have made us into a third world nation, something which nobody thought was even possible.


Americans deserve a campaign based on the issues. We try and keep it on the issues And just doubling or tripling, is it quadrupling down on this crap? You Play the clip Cuts. How about in Springfield, Ohio? They had 32,000. This is a little beautiful town. No crime, no problem. 32,000 illegal immigrants come into the town. 32. So they almost doubled their population in a period of a few weeks. Can you believe it? And you know what? They've gotta get much tougher.


I'm gonna go there in the next two weeks. I'm going to Springfield and I'm going to Aurora. You may never see me again, but that's okay. Gotta do what I gotta do. Whatever happened to Trump? Well, he never got outta Springfield. And again, the corporate media will continue to sane wash this stuff, and Fox will cut out and not even show you this, but they wanna act like, oh, well, he gave a great speech about the economy. No, he didn't. He's saying things like this, Play it. And by the way, the Hispanic support, do we have any Hispanics?


The Hispanic support is off the charts and they don't know what the hell to do about it. It's off the charts. And we just had some great polling come out. I think the most accurate poll over the last eight or nine years was Rasmussen. They just came out with a poll that we're five up. We're five up.


I have to tell you about this game changing product I used before, A night out with drinks. It's called Pre-Cool. Let's face it. After a night of drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. I used to feel like I had to make AdChoices. I could either have a great night or a great next day, but now I don't have to choose thanks to pre-Cool ZBiotics. Pre-Cool. Probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's actually this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your next rough day. Pre-Cool produces an enzyme that breaks this byproduct down. Just remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I pre alcohol, before drinks, I notice a difference. The next day, even after a night out, I could confidently plan on getting up early for a workout or handling a busy work day. Without worry, I won't lie. I was a bit on the fence about pre-cool at first, but then while hanging out with some friends at a rooftop bar, I gave it a shot. I had my first pre-cool before my go-to Margarita. And the next morning I felt amazing. Just like my normal self ready to take on the day. I kept hearing about pre-cool and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I believe the hype. And with their GMO technology, the ZBiotics is working on more products to address other toxic byproducts of modern living in the gut. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order when you use the code Midas at checkout, that's M-E-I-D-A-S. ZBiotics is backed by a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas and use that code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off.


How is it even possible? I mean? Just think about it, that the leader of a major political party or just the leader of any organization is doing this, Play it, Right? Go out and get a book. She just wrote a book, I hope she said good things about don Don't know. I didn't so busy. She just wrote a book called Melania. I go out and buy it. It's great. And if she says bad things about me, I'll call you all up and I'll say, don't buy it. Get rid of it. No, but There's more of the say, Play it. But I'd say, baby, who could do it like me?


Nobody can do it like me. How great am I? And she'd say, you know, and she'd say, I'd say, how great was the speech? Not how good. How great was it? No, I know. I know. You play the clip. But the message is, it's time to stop the lives. Stop the hoaxes. Stop the smears. Stop the lawfare or the fake lawsuits against me, and stop claiming your opponents will turn America into a dictatorship. Give me a break. Because the fact is that I'm not a threat to democracy.


They are. I only wanna show you a few more of these. But again, we have to highlight this behavior and we can't let it go unnoticed. So we're going to cover it here. And I'm going to show you the low lights. So Play it Probably bigger than Saudi Arabia, bigger than R Russia. Illegal migrants. Migrants. And they're not. Here's another one Came into our country. Hundreds. Most people don't even know you have that many countries. You actually have over 200, but most people don't know. Let's play this one right here, Play it. And in 2020, even though I got millions and millions more votes, they said, sir, if you get the same number of votes as you did in 20 16, 60 3 million, sir, you cannot lose.


I got millions more. And I lost One more here. Play this clip. And so I say to the people of New York with crime at record levels, with terrorists and criminals pouring in and with inflation, eating your hearts out. Vote for Donald. Trump. What the hell do you have to lose? What do you have to lose? Well, there you have it. A disaster in Uniondale in New York. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching.


Love this Video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.