
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT Mobile unlimited premium wireless. How to get 30 30 bid? Get 30 bid to get 20. 2020. Bid. To get 2020. Maybe get 15 15, 15 15, just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. 45 upfront for three months. Plus taxes and fees promoting for new customers for limited time. Unlimited more than 40 gigabytes per month slows full terms@mintmobile.com.


Despite what the corporate media is telling you, the Republican National Convention is perhaps the most unhinged thing ever. You have the former Republican Speaker of the House, Kevin McCarthy, saying that the Botox gone wrong. Matt Gaetz calling him out as a, as a petto saying that he looked like he was on something. But then again, Matt Gaetz got central billing and gave the keynote speech at yesterday's Republican National Convention. Yet the media wants to tell us that's normal. Also, the big speakers this evening, Hulk Hogan on the big night where Donald Trump's supposed to speak, you have Hulk Hogan speaking, Dana White and others, you've got signs in the crowd that talk about mass deportation.


Now, the chance that our erupting our fight, fight, fight, you've got people in the crowd not wearing diapers like they used to do at the events Trump's events. Now they're wearing these bandages on their ear to show solidarity with Donald Trump. We still don't have any medical reports though, yet released regarding Donald Trump's condition. Donald Trump fell asleep when his son Don Jr. Was giving a speech The Grinder app has, which is a gay dating app, has never been busier. In fact, it had a lot of outages in the Milwaukee area during the Republican National Convention. Donald Trump is also selling assassination attempt edition sneakers for $299.


The media has refused entirely to report on that. So you only get your news from the Midas Touch Network about the assassination attempt edition sneakers throughout the week. Donald Trump's also made post attacking his sexual assault victim. Donald Trump has called January 6th a hoax, and he's made numerous other unhinged posts as well. Just a moment right now where there is kind of an epic fail in the media to meet the moment and frankly, an epic fail, I think more broadly of people meeting the moment and calling things out the way it needs to be. I mean, there are, you know, quite literally convicted felons everywhere at the Republican National Convention without anybody, you know, calling that out other than the Midas Touch Network and a few other independent media sources.


Meanwhile, the stock markets record highs. Your 401k I'm sure is reaching highs. GDP growth, reaching records, unemployment, record lows, wages are up, energy independent. I can go on and on and on and we will on this show, but let me bring in my, that's a whole list right there. Pull up that list right there. We'll talk about that list a little bit later of President Biden's accomplishments. I mean, I understand that President Biden isn't selling his own version of assassination attempt edition sneakers, or he's not posting 50 times a day in all caps and calling people deranged this and attacking prosecutors and behaving that way and just going about doing his job.


But, you know, I think that the corporate media has taken their masks off. They've showed what it is that they're looking for ratings, and you know, and it's not just related to the corporate media. I think there's a broader discussion to be having, you know, there, I'm, I'm a results driven person, you know, I I'm a data person. And I also understand that that list that you see there of President Biden's accomplishments have meant really important things in people's lives. This is a matter of life or death for people. And when I speak to people, they're appreciative of the work that President Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris have done.


Let me bring in Brett and Jordy. We've got a lot to discuss. Let's just get into it right away. Brett and Jordy, glad to be spending this time with you. Glad to be spending time with all the Midas mighty out there. Oh, Yeah, A lot to discuss. Something going on in the world today, this week. Anything going on? No, it's, it's been perhaps some of the, one of the most chaotic news cycles we have ever seen. And, you know, it's these moments where we see if the news media, if the corporate media is going to meet the moment. And I gotta say, you know, disappointed would be an understatement from my perspective to see the way that they have behaved watching this RNC convention and seeing them try to just gaslight us over and over with what I'm seeing with my own eyes.


And then the analysis that they have after. Frankly, I, I had to turn it off very quickly because I was just like, this is, this is weird. Like this is weird stuff. And I know a lot of folks also, because I've been posting about it, have had similar experiences watching these channels and being like, what the heck are they doing? But that's why I have never been more appreciative here to be a part of a people driven movement. I think it's so important. I think independent news, independent media is more important than ever. And, you know, they're starting to, as Ben said, they're starting to have this mask off moment where they are just showing us exactly who they are. I mean, CNN practically wrote an article with an admission today. I'm not sure if you guys saw this, but CNN wrote this piece, shakeups in the 2024 Race provide much needed jolt in interest for news.


After months of tuning out what had been a fairly predictable and uneventful race between two party incumbents, recent earth shaking events have upended the state of politics, adding an unexpected wrinkle to the storyline and prompting audiences to turn their attention to the high stake showdown between Donald Trump and Joe Biden prior to the presidential debate, which set off alarm bells over biden's, acuity and stamina. Audience levels have hovered at lows with most of the country opting against investing their time following incremental updates on a race that had many, that many had already made up their minds about. But with Biden's future now in doubt, and Trump having just survived an attempt on his life, Americans are standing to attention, eager to learn what comes next. That is a confession, quite frankly, of why they're doing it.


Their ratings have been incredibly down. They see that this is scaring people. So what do they have to do? They have to keep tugging at that threat until the whole thing unravels. But as I said, you don't have to watch it. You don't have to follow these people, you know, it's just, it's, it's your choice at the end of the day. And I've made the choice that I refuse to follow these people other than the research I do for, for you all here. Jordy, great to see you, man. What's new? Great to see you. And Brad, just wanna echo that sentiment. As corporate media continues to fail to meet the moment, I could not be prouder of the collective we here, the Midas Touch Network and the Midas Mighty who continue to meet the moment. So thank y'all out there for tuning into our coverage of all of this, because corporate media, as Brett said, it's a big unmasking moment right now and it's a mask, quite frankly, they're never gonna be able to put back on.


I'm excited against tonight's show. We have a lot to discuss. Ben, where do you wanna lead us off? Look, when it comes to the corporate media, look, just report the facts and stop trying to manifest outcomes that you think will help you for your ratings. Just report what's happening. There's a lot going on and there's a lot of newsworthy things. And so, you know, even when, you know, for example, CNN has this interview with the former Republican Speaker of the House, Kevin McCarthy at the Republican National Convention, which will play for you the most obvious question CNN refuses to ask. And it's like Jordy, Brett and I were watching this and we were watching it collectively on, on a FaceTime chat together.


And we were like, do you maybe wanna ask Kevin McCarthy then why he is not the one giving the key speech during the Republican National Convention while Botox botoxed up Matt Gaetz, or whatever the heck that is, while Matt Gaetz is giving the speech. Here's what Kevin McCarthy said. So when they talk about unity, this is the former Republican speaker of the House who was ousted and then resigned here, play this clip. He said you would get booed off the stage. What's your response to him? Well, It, you know, he looks very unhinged. I mean, a lot of people have concerns about him, and I'm not sure if he was on something, but I do hope he gets the help that he needs. But more importantly, I hope the young women get the justice they deserve when it comes to him.


I mean, You're referring to the House Ethics committee investigation that is ongoing To have Yeah. With with his partner in jail because they paid underage women for sex and drugs. Yeah, that's what I'm referring. So He, he has denied all of that. I'm wondering, doesn't he deserve the, the presumption of innocence here? Well, people are in jail. The women have confirmed it. He came to me. If I sort still wanted to be speaker, I could have done something illegal and stopped. The Ethics committee investigation that started four years before he told You to stop the ethics. Yeah, that that's what the, that's what the whole motion to vacate was about. He bel he wanted me to engage and thought, somehow I started this investigation, it started long before I was ever speaker.


I, and as you know, as Congress, I don't get involved in ethics. It's an equal number. They could investigate me. It's, it's, it has to be an its own arm and branch. And so he wanted to leverage me to try to do that. And if I didn't, he wanted to do a motion to vacate. And he, he's denied that, of course, that he urged you to stop the investigation. No, I had other members come to me. He came to me. I had other people who were on direct conversation. He talked to, yeah, yeah. So no, there's no denying it. Okay. And there's also no denying that Matt Gaetz was the featured speaker last night on the stage, and that's what he looked like. And Kevin McCarthy, you are not the speaker.


So don't you think you asked that question in, In more ways than one. So what does it say about the Republican party that the person who you just accused of being a pedophile on live TV is giving a keynote address at the Republican National Convention? I dunno, how about you ask that question? Here's also from the day before that, a very awkward moment where congress member magar, Republican, Matt Gays, tried to interrupt former speaker Kevin McCarthy while he was giving an interview. Watch this, Speaking. What night are you speaking? Are you speaking tonight or One person? No, Hey, you're not. If you took that stage, you would get booed off of him.


You would get booed off the stage. I think it's worth noting as well that ratings are down like 25% of people watching the first few days of this Republican national convention. I think people are sick and tired of this. I think they're sick and tired of Trump, despite the fact that the corporate media keeps wanting to push this over and over again. I mean, some weird stuff here. I mean, you've got the Republican National Committee, the, the delegates all started wearing these bandages on their right ears to try to show solidarity with Donald Trump. I mean, they all put these, these gauze pads on their ears. I called this earlier in the week also the second the RNC convention started.


What did I text you guys? I said, I'm just waiting till they all put the bandage on their ears and it took, what, 24 hours And all of them now have it on their ears. I I I know my freaks. I Yeah, these are the same people that word diapers to r so not two shocking of a call, but I do give you credit. You definitely called it not A big, not a big leap is what you're saying. You know, then they also played a video that was, that previously included like white college students at the University of Mississippi during protests and making monkey noises at a black woman with a voiceover saying not all college students have gone woke. They were showing that video there you had Russian asset and bank and tax fraudster.


Who? Donald Trump. Pardon? Paul Manafort. I think we have a a a video of that. Mr. Manafort, how is it to be back? Great to be back. Have you talked with the, the former president? I don't tell people That. Then you had convicted criminal Peter Navarro fresh out of jail. Like literally he got out of prison that day. He got like a standing ovation from the crowd. Let's watch that. Peter Navarro.


Now that guy created the plan, the Green Bay sweep to steal the election after President Biden won. An individual told so many lies about the 2020 election. He was involved in a coup to overthrow the results of an election. Corporate media won't cover that. They won't normalize that. Then you had reality star Savannah Chrisley, who was trying to frame her family as victims of a politicized prosecution at the RNC to show solidarity with all these other convicted criminals, you know, who were speaking and were attending. But look, her parents were convicted in 2022 on federal fraud and tax evasion charges.


But she somehow brings up Fulton County to try to get like applause from the crowd. I mean, this is just pure lawlessness. Here, play the clip. I'll never forget what the prosecutor said and the most heavily Democrat county in the state before an Obama appointed judge, he called us the Trumps of the South. Yeah. Hey, it's fun. He meant it as an insult. But let me tell you, boy, do I wear it as a badge of honor. Then we have West Virginia Governor Jim Justice quite literally saying that if Trump doesn't win, they're gonna all get totally unhinged.


First off, you are totally unhinged. Second off, what, what, what are you even, what kind of message is this here play this clip and, and watch at the end, bottom Line to every single thing that's going on in this great country today is one thing. We become totally unhinged. If Donald Trump is not elected in November, This is not normal stuff right here. Then you have Donald Trump's VP pick JD Vance, who by the way, got a shout out from Russia. All the top Russia foreign top leaders, they all said that they were congratulating JD Vance.


They said, this is a real big win for Russia. I think you had Lavrov and others saying JD Vance is gonna make sure that Russia's able to take over Ukraine. They feel very good. Now that jd, I have, I have a quote that I could read. It says, this is from Avav. He's in favor of peace. He's in favor of ending the assistance that's being provided to Ukraine. And we can only welcome that because that's what we need to stop pumping Ukraine full of weapons and then the war will end. They're telling you what their plan is. They're telling you who they're, So JD Vance's speech was like incredibly dull, incredibly boring. All, all the corporate, I mean it looked like a high school student government speech.


And all the corporate media was like, this was a brilliant speech. It really wasn't like it was objectively just horrible and boring. And here this is JD Vance glorifying his grandma, having 19 loaded handguns all around her house in random places. Now mind you, at the Republican National Convention as well, they were raffling off ar fifteens for free. And this is as Donald Trump is selling attempted assassination edition, $299 sneakers. So what's taking place right now? Here's the clip of JD Vans. Let's show you, let's show it to you Now.


My man died shortly before I left for Iraq in 2005. And when we went through things we found 19 loaded handguns. They were, now, the thing is, they, they were stashed all over her house, under her bed, in her closet, in the silverware drawer. And we wondered what was going on. And it occurred to us that towards the end of her life, mamaw couldn't get around so well.


And so this frail old woman made sure that no matter where she was, she was with an arms length of whatever she needed to protect her family. That's who we fight for. That's American spirit. No, that's, that's unsafe. No responsible gun owner. I, I have friends who are responsible gun owners, but I, I believe in the Second Amendment, I'm not anti the Second Amendment. I also believe that the Second Amendment has the word, well-regulated in it a well-regulated militia. And that there should be common sense gun reform to make sure precisely things like that shouldn't happen. You shouldn't have 19 loaded handguns all around where kids can pick it up and kill themselves or kill others.


Like that's not something that you, that's, that should not be an applause line. And that should be something the corporate media calls out here is MAGA Mike Johnson saying in Politico, which also like Politico Axios and frankly, you know, all the other, you know, cable networks though are like actually like positioning themselves to be state run like MAGA tv right now. It's like so pathetic. Here's the Politico interview where MAGA Mike says, you know, no, no, when it comes to abortion bans, basically we're, we're gonna come for the blue states too. He says it, he's saying it here, play this clip. So With the exception of late term abortion, which the platform from my understanding does very, very much call out explicitly this new position we're hearing from the Republican party on the issue is, you know, leave it to the states, let them decide how to handle, I know you just said you're comfortable where the party is right now, but doesn't that position effectively mean that the party's okay with Blue States deciding to give wide access to abortion?


No, I don't think that's what that means at all. I think that's a leave It to the states. No, I think it's a recognition of the reality of of the politics of the country. I mean the states are handling it and that, you know, I was one of the lawyers who went into the courts for decades and argued that Roe was an egregiously unconstitutional decision. And part of the argument was because nine unelected judges pulled the authority away from the states who were legislating in on the issue before they evoked Roe and made it a a a claim. There's a constitutional right and the federal constitution, which there's not, that's been clarified now the situation goes back to the people through their duly, you know, elected representatives. And that's the, the way the process works. I mean, so to be very clear, he's saying that they are going to go after blue states.


It's also when he said, when they talk about like how their position, it definitely disfavor late term abortions. That's also a concept that they've basically made up when they say, oh, well people are getting abortions after the baby's born. That isn't And, that is so highly offensive as well. Like how dare you, you and it's just a more just treating people like they're stupid. That's not what happens. That's a crime that doesn't happen. Also what Roe v Wade says is that the government has an interest in the third trimester. That's what Roe v Wade quite literally said. And so when you talk about these things, these are very serious issues where women's lives are on the line and for you to so cavalier, just treat people like they're stupid.


Say things like that. And let's be very clear what JD Vance's position, what MAGA Mike's position is. I wanna mince words. They're against IVF access. How do we know? Because they vote against it. They're against contraception access. How do we know that? Because they vote against it. They are for national abortion bans. How do we know that? Because they said that's what they're for. These are the people who led to Roe v. Wade being overturned. I wanna talk also a little bit about when both JD Vance was speaking and Don Jr was speaking, Trump just fell asleep to both of them.


I wanna talk about that. I also wanna talk though about, you know, Hulk Hogan speaking. I mean how embarrassing for our nation, Hulk Hogan of and, and remember what we've always said here on the Midas Touch Network. What have we referred to the MAGA movement as? Go back two years. We said it's WWE cosplay fascism. That's quite literally what we're seeing right now. Those words, that language were so apt for this moment. Let's talk about that. But let's take a quick break.


So you may assume that you're getting everything your body needs from your diet or simple green juice, but you know what? I recently discovered that most people, including myself, are still short ential nutrients. Our bodies need to function at our best. So I've been taking Momentous, creatine Omega-3 and protein daily to ensure that all my bases are covered. You see the pep in my step lately. Those three supplements support nearly every aspect of my foundational health from aiding my cognitive function to reducing inflammation in my muscles and joints. Just to name a few. My Momentous daily protocol has become a staple in my health routine, makes the perfect addition to other wellness products that are part of my toolkit. Supplements can feel like a dirty word in navigating the space can be daunting due to the lack of trust and transparency. But what I've come to learn is that I can trust Momentous, which makes the decision easier. My trust is in Momentous because of their dedication to working with the best. From their collaboration with experts to their unparalleled commitment to only using the highest quality ingredients. They also heavily invest in third party testing, holding their products to the standard set by the most demanding organizations in the world, including the NFL and the NBA, ensuring that what's on the label is what's in the product and absolutely nothing else. They call it the Momentous standard, which is really the industry's leading standard in quality. There's a reason why the world's best athletes and experts use and help develop Momentous products. And there's a reason I love it. So if you are like me and you want to take supplements that are made by and used by the best in the world, go to live Momentous dot com and use the code Midas Touch to get up to 20% off your first order. That's Liv, L-I-V-E-M-O-M-E and TO s.com. Use the code, Midas Touch, that's live Momentous dot com. Use the code Midas Touch.


How much do you think you're paying in subscriptions every single month? I think the answer is probably more than you think. Over 74% of people have subscriptions they've forgotten about. I definitely did like the time. I forgot I subscribed to a certain streaming service. But thanks to RocketMoney, I'm no longer wasting money on the ones that I forgot about. You see RocketMoney, it's a personal finance app that fines and cancels your unwanted subscriptions and monitors your spending and helps you lower your bills so that you can grow your savings with rocking money. I have full control over my subscriptions and a clear view of my expenses. I can see all of my subscriptions in one place and if I see something I don't want rocking money can help me cancel it with just a few taps. I love how the dashboard shows me this month's spending compared to last month, so I could clearly see my spending habits. Plus they'll help me create a custom budget and keep my spending on track. RocketMoney will even try to negotiate lower bills for you by up to 20%. All you have to do is submit a picture of your bill and RocketMoney takes care of the rest. They'll deal with customer service for you. RocketMoney has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps feature. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to RocketMoney dot com slash midas touch. That's RocketMoney dot com slash midas. Touch RocketMoney dot com slash midas. Touch


back in action. Jordy sponsors links in the description of both the YouTube and the audio Brothers saved me a lot of money. So Midas mighty, definitely check that out. And God, I love Momentous. I've been doing my omega threes with Momentous, I feel, Ooh, good links in description. Use our codes, let them know we sent you. We really appreciate it. It helps the show. Fabulous products, Ben. Look, you talk about who's not there at the Republican National Convention, who would normally be speaking the, especially on the big night, which is that Thursday night, you don't have George W. Bush, a former Republican president. You don't have Mitt Romney, the former Republican presidential nominee.


You don't have Mike Pence, the former Republican vice president for Donald Trump because he was a victim of potential assassination that was spurred and encouraged by Donald Trump. I know the corporate media doesn't want to talk about that. They don't wanna talk about they January 6th. They don't wanna talk about the Supreme Court's ruling saying that Trump should, could be a king and a monarch. They don't want to talk about Donald Trump saying that he wants to be a dictator on day one. They just wanna focus on their theme, which is, hey, just focus this thing on unity. Let's just actually ignore everything that's been said.


And even things that have been said at the convention. You don't have Paul Ryan, the former Vice presidential, no candidate nominee with MIT Romney. So you don't have, you don't have Liz Cheney, you don't have Dick Cheney, you don't have any of those people. And By. the way I've, I'm not sure if I've heard Ronald Reagan's name mentioned once and and they always say Reagan this, Reagan that, Reagan that and, and, and all of their, to the extent I could even glean any policies from this, which I frankly can't, there's really nothing that is reflective of the views that Republicans really ever, you know, you know, ev e even had.


And then also you think about who are they as a party, right? Again, your big, your big night, your Thursday night, you bring out your top guns, your your, your top speakers, your top people, your top whatever, anybody who you think is gonna be, you know, your superstars. Like, you know, the, the Obama speech that he gave in, you know, 2004 you bring out who does Trump bring out? Hulk Hogan. He bring, he brought out Hulk Hogan tonight who uses the, you know, we have video clips of him using the N word over and over again. And I wanna give a trigger warning here because it's a hateful word.


It's a horrible, it's a horrible clip. But this is known, I mean, our researchers dug it up very quickly. They got, they got this clip, but this is who Donald Trump is having give one of the main kind of keynote addresses. Hulk Hogan. What, what here play this clip. So I hands on close, okay. I'm not a double standard guy. I'm racist to a point. Yeah, you can't Also, you have Dana White, the owner of the Ultimate Fighting Championship there.


I want to give a trigger warning here as well. Just it's, there's not gonna be any sound. I'm about to flash a video of Dana White slapping his wife. This is the person introducing Donald Trump. So if you don't wanna watch it, you could turn away right now. But I think from a news and editorial perspective, it's important to know who, who it is that's speaking. So now we could just show it. I'll show you it. And there Dana White is, you know, slapping her. That was wife that was caught on video. And you may be asking like, so Hulk Hogan, Dana White. Why? Because the theme actually isn't unity. The theme is violence. The theme is mass deportation.


The theme is fight, fight, fight. I understand that the Trump campaign is using these words and feeding it to the media, but your job is to actually observe what's happening and not regurgitate talking points. 'cause that's propaganda. You need to see what's happening here. And the message is violent, masculine, authoritarian, which it is. None of this, you know, this behavior should not be de masculine, but that's the message authoritarian strong violence. And we should remember that one of the things that Donald Trump says in his stump speeches as he goes around the country at those events is he said that with these mass deportations that he wants to have, one of the things he wants to do is set up a fight league with Dana White to have the UFC professionally trained fighters fight and attack the migrants who are caught in the mass deportation roundups that they want to have.


Now, just think about, that's the leader of the Republican Party. And I want you to reflect on this. Do you hear coverage of this on any other media network other than maybe a few other independent sources that you watch? Do you hear any of this? And all I do is say, watch what it is that he says. That's all you do. Play the clip. Tough. I they're so tough. Dana White. Did anyone ever hear of Dana White? He's a legend, right? UFC, ultimate fighter, ultimate fighting. And he has, he's a fantastic man. I said, Dana, I have an idea. Why don't you set up a migrant league of fighters and have your regular league of fighters and then you have the champion of your league.


These are the greatest fighters in the world. Fight the champion of the migrants. I think the migrant guy might win. That's how tough they are. He didn't like that idea too much. But actually not the worst idea I've ever had. I mean, this is really like, we need to have some pride in our country and ourselves. We need to have some dignity. What, what is that? When is that ever acceptable discourse? And I don't have to show you the other videos, but when he says, I want to be a dictator for a day, I'll be a dictator. I'll just start off just one day I'll be a dictator. And then I get gaslit and people are like, well, he's just joking.


Or he is just said one day. That's funny that, that, that's supposed to be a a we're supposed to laugh and think, oh, good one. It's really funny given the history of mankind and humanity when a leader talks about dictatorships. Ha ha, that's really funny. Like, what are we talking about? And then you look at the posts that Trump's been making and he says the January 6th hoax, he says The New York Ag scam. He says, fake claims by his sexual assault victim where a jury found Donald Trump liable for sexual assault. I mean, we have him attacking President Biden for President Biden saying We need to have some reform with this rogue supreme court.


We, we really need to take some steps, whether it's term limits, you know, we need to deal with their absolute immunity. We have to do something. And Donald Trump attacks Biden for that. Trump's releasing, as I mentioned at the outset, fight, fight, fight, high tops, assassination edition sneakers. Trump is profiting off of this. He's selling sneakers and, and I don't even know if this is an American flake. I, it's, I don't even know what it's like the ugliest pair of sneakers ever. If you have a, if you have a look at what it is, then it says intra this is real. Like this is not parody. And he says he's gonna sign 10 of them and he says they're the fight, fight, fight high tops, they're limited edition.


Get your piece of history, they'll ship in September or October. And then I was just looking too, like at the posts he's been making on social media and like who's advertising on true social? Like, just take a look at the types of advertisements that exist. Art of the Third Rike. That is what they're selling. That's one of the big sponsors of the social media. Art of the Third Reich. When you go through it, I mean, what are we talking about here? And then the same way Donald Trump blocked the ability for there to be a bipartisan immigration bill because he wanted to run on immediate deportation, Matt's deportation.


So he blocked a bipartisan immigration bill whose lead negotiator was James Langford, right wing, conservative Oklahoma senator. That's like Langfords issue. Like Langfords main issue is dealing with this. Biden said, Langford, give me your wishlist. I'll make a few adjustments but I'll take your wishlist. 'cause at that point, part of the compromise was also to fund Ukraine and deal with Ukraine. You have to let us fund Ukraine. We'll agree to the immigration. Give us your list. Donald Trump told everybody, kill that bill. I want there to be chaos at the border. So President Biden then later had to issue an executive order. By the way, border crossings right now are at an all time are are not an all time low, but for Biden's administration it is.


And they're similar if not lower to when Trump was in office as a result of an executive order. But Biden tried to guess what do it through actual bipartisan legislation that Donald Trump stopped him from, you know, from doing it. Now Donald Trump is threatening the Federal Reserve chairman Jerome Powell. He's threatening Chairman Powell, because now that inflation's been under control, we've hit our targets of where inflation needs to be. It's likely that there's gonna be an interest rate cut in September. So Chairman Powell is like, you know, and the Fed based on prior statements would likely lower interest rates, which will be helpful to Americans.


And everybody predicted a recession. Remember Bloomberg's headline 100. 'cause we, we wanna talk about polling and data and their predictions a hundred percent chance of recession. So we've weathered that. Undoubtedly the interest rates are at a place where no one, like the consumers were not happy about where the interest rates are. But we had to engage in policy because of how Donald Trump mishandled Covid adding $8 trillion in debt. You go back and look at DeSantis speeches and Nikki Haley's speeches that they made during the campaign. They said, look, inflation was caused by Donald Trump adding $8 trillion of, of debt. That, that, that's how inflation works, where you print money carelessly and at $8 trillion in debt, that is the cause that is the root.


Undoubtedly there was inflation when Biden was in office, but Biden did the inflation reduction act, the infrastructure act and took steps to mitigate. It's not a great, it's not great, but you know that, that it existed. But that's why you need a leader to do these things and not call Hulk Hogan on, on stage. You need people who will actually, you know, you know, do these things and actually help and, and, and, and, and make these changes. So Trump's saying that he thinks, you know, that he's threatening Powell saying, chairman Powell, you should not in any way lower interest rates, it would be unfair, you know? And so he is trying to work the ref there again. And all that would do is hurt people. Like he's actually running on a platform.


And he knows though that corporate media is, you know, in is is in his pocket. So he's not even worried about them calling him out on these things. That's why he does it so brazenly. If they called him out and we know when they want to call you out, they can call you out. If they did that then, then he would be exposed. It'd be easy. But they don't. But Brett and corporate media's been a total disaster. It's been a disaster because they, for whatever reason, I mean I think we have stated many of the reasons why we think they are, but they have gone all in on Trump and the Republican Party and they're just completely ignoring everything that there is about Biden in terms of accomplishments. And they're just focusing on the behind the scenes gossip.


Is he gonna stay? Is he not gonna stay? We got this report, this person saying this Democrat is saying this, this Democrat is saying that like just tell us the w what something happens. We don't need all the gossip nonstop. And you don't need to listen to JD Vance's speech, which was so incredibly dull and boring and strange at times and just fallen over it after, like I was watching along with what people were saying during the speech. And then I turned to see how they were covering it and it was like we were living in two different worlds. It's like, how about you cover that? JD Vance supports a nationwide abortion ban. How about you cover that? He advocated against exceptions for rape and incest, that he wants women to stay in violent marriages. That he said he would've not have certified the 2020 election results that he called Social security and Medicare quote, the biggest roadblocks to any kind of, of real fiscal sanity that he praised Project 2025, that he's the project 2025 creator's top choice.


And that they were thrilled when they heard about that. But instead they are just praising Vance and praising Trump at every stop. And we're hearing that same phrase that we have heard now since what? 20 15, 20 16. When they go, it's a new tone. Trump, I think Trump has a new tone. I think this is the moment that's going to change him. I think this is the one. Look, he's got a new tone. Oh look, he looks somber, he looks different. This is, this is the one, this is Katie Turr on M-S-N-B-C saying just that When you have a near death experience like he did, where a bullet passes right by your head and there's a picture to prove it. The New York Times caught a picture of the bullet going right past his head.


I imagine that's gonna change a person in a way that maybe nothing else can. It might change his tone. He might sound different on Thursday maybe, but does it change his policy? Not maybe he, this never happened. That's not him and By the time he had already said that he had already proved that he had not changed his tone. He had already said on truth social that January 6th was a hoax. He had already, again, defamed his sexual assault victim, Eugene Carroll. He had already called President Biden a communist in a post. He had already threatened the Federal Reserve chair and Ben. What I heard also in that, in that Federal Reserve chair comment that Trump was making was a bit of a quid pro quo that Trump was throwing out.


Like, I will keep you for the remainder of your term, but these are my conditions. My conditions are, you do not lower the rates until after the election. That's what I heard, like the subtle message from Donald Trump there. And then I just saw this also a little earlier today. I saw Politico and we saw Politico there posting with Mike Johnson. And you know, they hold these events with these people. You know, they go to parties with these people. They hang out at Mar-a-Lago, they're very buddy-buddy. They go to these fancy dinners. We've done reports on some of these private dinners that the press has had with people like Jason Miller and Donald Trump. And so when you see some of these messages, you kind of understand why. 'cause they want their sources in there and their sources end up just feeding them BS information.


But Politico comes out now with this story today, and it almost sounds like a fraud if you listen to it. If you look at it, here it go here it says, this is from Natalie Allison, a Politico. It says, this is a quote from her. There appears to be a new softness to Donald Trump with people who have talked to him, describing him with words like existential, serene, emotional, and even spiritual. He just called January 6th the hoax. He just defamed his rape victim. When are we going to toss? He's selling assassination. He's selling assassination sneakers. When are we going to toss aside this notion that he is a changed man and not, and we need to focus on the substance of actually what he's going to do.


He is calling for all, even though he wants to distance himself and say he is got nothing to do with Project 2025. He's calling for all the project 20, 20, 25 plans. First off, the Heritage Foundation is the main sponsor of the Republican National Convention. The signs they handed out at the event that they're waving around says mass deportations. Now they are doing these chants. I'll show you this ho horrifying Greg Abbott chant that he had at the RNC yesterday that feels like it could be out of Nazi Germany. Let me play this clip. He Will arrest the criminal illegal immigrants and put them behind bars or send them back.


He wants to send the police into neighborhoods to take people out of their homes and toss them out of the country. He wants to do that to protesters. He wants to take away a woman's right to choose. He wants to do all this horrible stuff. And yet they're focusing on, oh, he looks so serene, looks so, it's so amazing. Oh my God, who is this guy? And then they ignore all the accomplishments of Biden. They ignore everything that's happening there and they just focus on that horse race that's going on. Is he going, is he not going? I heard this, I heard that. I heard this. And that coverage is just infuriating because there are so many things from the RNC and that we've talked about here. And And By the way I, I think Democrats have a lot of responsibility for this as well.


I think there are a lot of people in the Democratic Party who, instead of infighting, should be the ones who are highlighting the very things that we're highlighting on the show. They should be the ones saying, why are the Republicans highlighting convicted criminals every single night at The RNC? They had a night that was law and order and then they had all convicted criminal speakers. Like that's something the American people should know. They want to get rid of abortion nationwide. Mike Johnson said that. That's probably something that the American people should know, right? It's such a missed opportunity right now on, on so many levels. But you know, that's why I'm happy to be able to at least show it here on this show. But the media coverage has just been absolutely, it's just criminal man.


It's, it's awful Jordy. It's Been horrendous. Appalling me. And look to your point too, Katie Tur, I heard her say today about the Van's speech, the moment with the grandma, she goes, Vance hit a bingo. He hit a bingo with the story about his grandma. What are you, what are you talking about? But here's my read overall, like if you are in to politics and you wanna watch the RNC live, like you pretty much have a corporate media camp that you're gonna go to. You're a Fox News watcher, an M-S-N-B-C or a CNN viewer as the Midas mighty know, we're not airing the RNC live because, well, we refuse to platform their lies and have taken a much different approach in order to combat the RNC disinformation bubble.


So again, if you are into politics and you wanna watch The RNC live, you're likely going to one of those three corporate media hubs that I mentioned. But in this instance, guys, Fox News, M-S-N-B-C-C-N-N, I don't even think are doing the most damage because the people who go to those places, they're already looking for a certain type of coverage. The most dishonest broker of information this past week, in my opinion, has been just standard NBC Channel 11 for me. Channel four for others, just like standard NBC network tv. I'm like, here's why. If you're the average American who isn't that into politics, who turned on NBC looking to watch American Ninja Warrior or whatever, and you see Savannah Guney up there and Kristen, we up there just gushing over Donald Trump and the Republican platform and normalizing their awful behavior that does some damage.


I kid you not, there is a promo right now of Savannah Guney looking deadpan to camera and asking, have these events changed? Donald Trump, are you kidding me? The adjudicated rapist that Donald Trump, the convicted felon that Donald Trump, you're gonna go with all sincerity, look at the camera and say, have these events changed? Donald Trump? And then you have Kristen Walker, she's up there the night Sean O'Brien from the teamster spoke saying to camera, this isn't your father's or even grandfather's Republican party. Look at the RNC bringing labor to the table.


That's your takeaway. President Biden stood on the picket lines, the first president ever in history to do that. But go again, but, but go ahead. Go report that in your coverage and ignore all the times the, the confirmed reports of Donald Trump, his long history of stiffing contractors. Go ahead, ignore that because we're not gonna ignore that here at the Midas Touch Network. Savannah Guney, Kristen, we NBC, pathetic and dangerous. You know, there's legislation like you, you can do just maybe even two minutes of research like on these issues, right? Like the protect the Right to organize Act, also often referred to as the Pro Act to really protect unions and empower unions is being blocked by Republicans.


They're being blocked by the people there. Like yeah, the Republicans bring on to the stage an OnlyFans model to give one of the keynote addresses Amber Rose, who goes, you know what, it's all love here. Whether you're gay, whether you're straight L-G-B-T-Q, this is all love. Okay? The two people who spoke before you, they dedicated their ho Marjorie Taylor Greene and Ron Johnson from Wisconsin and others spent their time delivering the most transphobic remarks saying just horrible and hateful things, you know, and just bullying and punching down. It's, we played you what MAGA Mike Johnson said about coming for reproductive rights in blue states.


I mean, and here you have an Amber Rose, you know, someone, if you just did a little bit of research, she has some issues with crypto and you know, she's found ways to be very opportunistic with her decisions. And you could accurately reflect on what in the world is happening here. Like you're saying Amber Rose, who previously led the, what was called the Slut walk in Los Angeles, which was about helping women's reproductive rights and, and, and helping women who were slut shamed and things like that. She had previously called Donald Trump, a sexual predator in her posts.


Now says she did research all of a sudden and determined that she's maga and maga are her people like you, you, you, you have to at least give people the context and the data about who these people are, you know, and, and, and what's happening and the hypocrisy here. And obviously with the hypocrisy, the gay dating app grinder, record record breaking numbers in, in Milwaukee. So much so that there are outages because so many people are using it there of closeted Republicans. And that's, you know, a major, a major story as well of, you know, just hypocrisy that exists there.


I wanna talk about some more details, talk about President Biden's rent cap proposal, and then let's just dig in a little bit on some, obviously significant conversations that are happening right now. Let's do that and more, let's take our last break of the show.


Hey folks, lemme tell you a quick story and let's keep this between us. Okay. So I was on date night trying to impress my wife. We were walking in town. I bent down to pick up some trash and my old jeans may have slid just a little bit and gave everybody a view they didn't ask for. Needless to say I was made fun of for a, a bit of time after that, but that's when I discovered the perfect Gene. No more embarrassing moments, just comfort and style that moves with you. Today's sponsor, the Perfect Gene, has truly nailed the solution to all our denim dilemmas. They were tired of the same old, stiff, uncomfortable pants, so they created the comfiest jeans from UltraSoft stretchy denim fabric. So whether you're squatting, doing yoga, or just sitting through a dinner date, these jeans move with you, these jeans hug your assets in all the right places, making sure you look and feel great. And they cater to everyone with possibly the most sizes available online. From skinny to thick, thick waist sizes from 26 to 50 and lengths from 26 to 38, they have you covered. And for a limited time, our listeners get 15% off their first order plus free shipping at the perfect Gene nyc. Just use code Midas one five at checkout for 15% off. I've been wearing the perfect gene for a while now, and I have to say they are incredibly comfortable and stretchy. I can move around freely and they fit perfectly. I've even received quite a few compliments on how great they look. Whether you're an athlete or have a larger or smaller body, finding good fitting comfortable jeans has never been easier. And the perfect Gene doesn't just stop at jeans. They've revolutionized t-shirts as well. The Perfect Tee has just enough stretch to hide that beer belly while accentuating your arms and chest for that flawless look. It's soft as butter and doesn't shrink in the wash like all your other teas, it's just perfect. Plus, the perfect Gene always offers free shipping exchanges and returns. You could have peace of mind knowing that your order is completely risk free. It's finally time to stop crushing your parts in uncomfortable jeans by going to the perfect gene. Do nyc Our listeners get 15% off their first order, plus free shipping, free returns and free exchanges when you use that code. Midas 15 at checkout. That's 15% off for new customers@vperfectgene.nyc with promo code M-E-I-D-A-S one five. After you purchase, they're gonna ask you where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell 'em that we sent you. Forget your khakis and get the perfect gene.


Let's take a quick break to talk about our next sponsor. Zbiotics. If you're like me, you probably skipped a workout because it drinks the night before. Look, it happens, but if you're committed to your healthy routine, you need Zbiotics Zbiotics. Pre-Cool Probiotics is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's to blame for your rough. Next day, Zbiotics produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. It's designed to work like your liver, but in your gut where you need it most. Just remember to drink Zbiotics before drinking alcohol, drink responsibly and get a good night's sleep to feel your best tomorrow. Recently I was celebrating my anniversary and I knew my wife and I were going to enjoy a lovely night of drinking at a local winery. As instructed, I drank a bottle of Zbiotics before any alcohol and I was amazed at how good I felt. The next day, give Zbiotics a try for yourself. Go to Zbiotics dot com slash midas to get 15% off your first order. When you use Code Midas at checkout, that's MEIS. Zbiotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to Zbiotics dot com slash midas and use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off. Thank you Zbiotics for sponsoring this episode.


Welcome back, Jordy A plus reads B I'm so sorry that happened to you on date night with your pants, but, but I'm really glad that the perfect gene that you, you have that now. So that never happens. No. Yeah. And those genes are incredibly comfortable. Don't, and as we've mentioned recently on the show, Zbiotics back, they were an original sponsor. They're back with us again. Show them some love. Product works fantastic. I told y all my anecdote about the wine last week and just how helpful Zbiotics came in handy for my next day. No, I love it. And, and look, I wanna reflect on this present moment. Things are obviously moving very quickly. If you've seen some of the hot takes that, that I've done, I, I think you know where I am on this and I think it's important just to reflect on when I speak with a lot of people who you know are the base of the Democratic Party, they reflect a lot on the accomplishments of President Biden.


And for them, this list of accomplishments are not talking points. These things are matters of life or death for them. These aren't games. They don't live in mansions on Lake Como. They know what it was like under Trump and they know what it was like under President Biden. And no amount of media gaslighting or gaslighting from other people who are trying to tell them how to feel, influences them to know what it is that they are actually experiencing and to try to gaslight them into not being recognizing the accomplishments of President Biden. You know, they are offended and they believe as well.


14 million people cast their votes during the primaries for President Biden. There was a process that was in place. And the question is, is look, if you wanted to raise these issues, why are you raising it now? Why are you raising, right? Yes, there was the debate, but you all could have raised these issues or had the opportunity to raise these issues a year and a half ago or, or two years ago. The, the people I talked to are very clear-eyed. They recognize that President Biden didn't give a good debate. It was a very bad debate. It's almost as bad of a debate as you can be. Also, they recognized that Donald Trump's debate was very, very bad and that Trump lied essentially the entire time.


And that Trump's statements, unlike Biden's statements, and the lies could actually result in life or death issues in the side of death when it comes to them based on the types of lies that he's making. So, you know, there aren't people who are saying, oh, Biden was great in the debate, or this or that, but they're saying, you know what? We have a track record for three and a half years. We know what was delivered over those three and a half years. We have that, we have that list. And also we, you know, lots of the people are saying with all of this stuff out there, no one has articulated the next step in the sentence, which is, okay, if you're going there, then explain what it is that your plan is and explain it with detail and don't do it through leaks.


Don't do it through this or that. Go out there, this is how you feel. Go out there and not just call for something. Go out there and express your plan. Because lots of people feel it's so important that the pro-democracy community be more united than ever. Now they see what's going on in the RNC and Trump and the Republicans getting a free pass for their horrific, horrific conduct and behavior. And, and the people are like, Hey, look, I, I, here's just the list that I'm not gonna go read the whole thing, but, you know, you could take a screenshot of it. But this is a list of major accomplishments from rescuing America, from Trump's economic collapse that happened.


That's real. We remember Covid when there was no toilet paper. We remember when unemployment was above 10% under Donald Trump. We remember what was going on. We, we, we remember those press conferences where he said, inject yourself with bleach. You know, we know about what President Biden's done with loan forgiveness. We know what President Biden's done with infrastructure, how more people have signed up for the Affordable Healthcare Act than ever. How the price of insulin's been capped, how he rebuilt nato, how he got inflation under control that was caused by Donald Trump. People aren't gaslit. We know that things originate to somewhere.


And when you add $8 trillion plus to the debt, things like that actually happen. We know President Biden's work with climate change. We know what President Biden has done when it comes to protecting the rights of same-sex marriage. We know what President Biden has done, even while focusing on climate change and making it an important initiative. Republicans want to go drill, baby drill and all that. There still have been more domestic drilling now than ever before. President Biden's broke the Opex Cartel Alliance. And so, you know, we can go, you know, we can go on and on. President Biden recently endorsed major changes to the Supreme Court and to reform the Supreme Court.


Right now, president Biden's appointed more federal judges for 150 federal judges and the most diverse federal judges in history. He stood with unions. He was on the picket lines. He's been the most pro-union president in history. He's done things like dealing with junk fees in industries. As I said before, he is kept insulin at $35 a month. Medicare can now negotiate drug prices. I'm sure your 401k right now is doing much better than it was before. Right now, the stock market has hit record highs. Wages are up. GDP growth has expanded. There's been two new members to nato. The 75th NATO conference anniversary NATO conference was the most successful NATO conference in the history.


The alliance has never been stronger. President Biden helped push through the PACT act against a lot of resistance, which provided lifesaving care right now to over 1 million veterans who wouldn't have had lifesaving care by lifesaving care. I mean, they would've died. But for the fact that they now have access to this healthcare, over 1 million people have utilized the PACT Act 1 million signups. I mean, you've got President Biden focusing on things like the CHIPS Act, bring the semiconductor industry here. You have President Biden doing things like the bottom up, middle out economic plans, the manufacturing boom, 40,000 infrastructure projects across the country.


President Biden's fought for women's reproductive rights, despite the fact that you have Roe v. Wade being overturned because of the MAGA Republicans on the Supreme Court. Like I can go on and on and on, you know, and, and, and all these communities also that no one thought could ever be revitalized through the Infrastructure Act and the Inflation Reduction Act. You've seen booms in these communities, but we see, you know, dozens and dozens of billionaires now lining up with Donald Trump, whether it's because of, you know, you know, that, that they, they believe that they're gonna get tax cut benefits. They believe that that under Trump, that Trump's failed his entire life and all of his business, we Trump's presidency was a failure.


Yet we have these billionaires, you know, falling into the same fallacy that the business community fell into with the rise of Hitler and Mussolini and others. We've seen the story kind of time and time again. And so, you know, when I talk to the base of the Democratic Party, they recognize that these things that Biden did, you know, were helpful. and they see right now a lot of these efforts as causing chaos and disunity without any plan. And, and people feel very strongly about that. And I, and I truly hope, and you can go and watch the videos that we've done, and I think the way we've, we've discussed these issues, I thought have been thoughtful and data driven.


You know, speaking of which, as you know, I'm not a fan of polls. I think all the polls are BS to begin with. And I'm not just like conspiratorial anti polls. I by basing on the data, there was no red wave when all the polls suggested that there was gonna be a red wave. We've seen in all of the special elections and the referendums, the polls have always been wrong. You know, time and time again, we've seen a broad authoritarianism polling certain ways, but when it came to the election day, people chose freedom over authoritarianism. You know, we, we've seen time and time, we, we've seen in the primaries the way that the polling data was off, everyone was suggesting, look, Biden's gonna have 30% Exodus, 40% Exodus, and Trump was the one who was not getting 20% of the vote.


Trump underperformed in every state, essentially, and Biden Overperformed in all of the states. So we, we have actual kind of real data, but, you know, even when I hear about super secret polls and this and that, like they never show what the polls are. But the polls that I've seen show that this race is a tossup at, at worst, it's a tossup at worst. Trump is slightly ahead, but there are polls that show Biden ahead. I mean, the 5 38 poll, which is a very respected poll, has Biden doing as good as he's ever done before. Like, I think yesterday's was 53 to 47. You know, today's maybe 52 to 48. And one of the things they factor in in 5 38 is the advantage of incumbency.


So then I think one thing that people are worried about and are reflecting on as well is that even if you give any opportunity for these MAGA Republicans to file any lawsuits at all, that could wind up with the Supreme Court for anybody to say, oh, well, there's no legal issues at all. If, if there's any change, there's no legal issues that, that there's no way the Supreme Court's gonna do this or that. Everybody knows what the Supreme Court's done overturning Roe v. Wade overturning all of this precedent. You're gonna trust the Supreme Court, you're gonna trust the maga Mike Johnson, you're gonna trust JD Vance. You're gonna trust this crew now to follow the law.


You know? And so it, it, the, what what I am hearing from the people is that, and here's what I hope you, you have appreciated about our reporting I think it's been clear-eyed. We certainly called out for the debate. What happened? We saw it, we saw the debate. We weren't like, oh, what a great debate. No. Have we expressed concerns in general about, you know, Biden's age and, you know, look, 81, we have 81 is 81. There's no other way around that. But he's demonstrated that he's an elder statesman. That, you know, all of this ageist tropes, all of this stuff is, is, is not acceptable to, to just mock older people.


You know, he's shown that he's been able to make the top decisions that have benefited people's lives. We, we, we, we know that because we have a track record over three and a half years, you know, and then I think the people I've been speaking to a lot say, and here's the great thing, vice President Harris is amazing and everybody thinks that she would do an incredible job. There's no one doubting that. Even the slightest and having her as a vice president and him is a great team. That's why they defeated Donald Trump. And people feel that they're gonna be able to win this thing and that we're four months away. And that there's a lot of time, there's a lot of important things that are going to be happening.


And, you know, and, and, and Brett, I think you flagged this too as well, is that you looked at the polling data of Obama Romney in October of 2012, like 30 days before the election, and Obama was down in most of these polls, three or four points in October. And now these polls right now in July are tossups mixed. A lot of the swing states that biden's down are trending in Biden post, all of these things. And now what we're being told is, oh, there are super secret polls, not the ones that we've been using the narrative over time, but there are secret ones that you don't know about.


And those are the ones, and you just have to trust us. And my whole thing is, you know, look, I'm data driven. I'm deliberate. I'm someone who wants plans and I need to understand plans and have, you know, and, and, and deep understanding so that decision making can be done in a logical way. I, I don't react well to being bullied. I don't react well to like threats. I don't react well to like emotional argumentation. Like you have to give me an analysis and a data and, and my job as a founder of a news network, my job editorially when I report, is not to run with emotion, but to run with, is to run with data.


And, and I, I hope you've been appreciative of that. And I, and I know I I I ranted there fairly long, but you know, Brett and Jody let you chime in. Yeah, no, I'll just say, you know, a lot is moving quickly. No one knows what's gonna happen if anything's gonna happen. President Biden and his campaign are, are stating firmly that they're going to stay in the race. I don't think they would say otherwise. There's reporting to the contrary. I know. There's just been so much speculation and so much infighting that truthfully, I think that has done far more damage than anything else. Like if the focus was kept on the things that we discussed in this episode, the, the chaos at The RNC, the actual plans project 2025, stripping away your reproductive freedom, all these various threats, threats to your healthcare, your social security, your Medicare, all that stuff.


Think about where Biden would be in the polls right now if you had a relentless blitz of a campaign focused on that. But instead, you know, there's been this circular squad of everybody getting at each other and it's just hasn't been good for anybody, quite frankly. And I think you also, Jordy talked about pulling off the mask I think it pulled off the mask also of, of big money and the power of big money because we're hearing about the power of big money, not just that these, you know, cable news entities that have their various agendas to push and to get clicks and whatnot, but we're also seeing big money impact, like threaten congress, people, senators to say, we are not going to give you money unless you tell him to drop out.


That's something that is happening right now. We are seeing big money donors try to pull their money from the Biden campaign. And now the Biden campaign is apparently projecting a lot less money to come in this month. We're seeing that right now. So we're seeing the impacts of big money in politics, but this is a people-driven movement. And so at the end of the day, you know, we're all in this together. We'll see what happens. Like I said, things are moving fast in whatever direction they're moving. I'm sure we'll know at some point, but this constant bickering, this constant infighting and all of that to me just does not ultimately serve a purpose. And there is so much false information and journalists who claim to be credible, spreading information that is easily proven false, that continues to spread because they know they'll get that jolt of clicks, which CNN admitted to as, as we saw in the beginning of this show.


So I know it's been tough. I know these last few weeks have probably been like pretty traumatic for, for people like I I I get it like it, these, it's been a crazy, crazy few weeks and I'm not gonna lie and say it's gonna be better next week or it's gonna get, you know, it's, it's all gonna be better because in the short term, we're in it, we're in it till the election at least, right? And so I just wanna give the message, we're all in this together, let's try to keep our heads up and or rather let's try to keep our heads down also and do the work, because that's all we could do, right? There's, we can't do things that are beyond our control. And there are a lot of things in life that are beyond our control. But we can do the work, we can push our values forward and do everything to preserve those values because the stakes of the selection are too damn high to be caught up in the gossip and the BS Jordy, you Know, I, I think there's gonna be, I'll let Jo finish go.


I just think there's gonna be a big shake up in the media landscape too. I think that with this mask off moment, people get it and everybody out there watching this, you know, you are going to be a part, a major factor in what media is gonna look like in the future as we continue to, to build this platform together as the community driven platform. Jody, I'll give you the last word and that, and that's really it. And that's what I wanted to say too. It's like, it's, it's times like these where I'm just so grateful for the Midas mighty, for this entire pro-democracy community here walking hand in hand with y'all through this, we understand the collectively understand what's at risk, right?


Biden's policies, those are tangible, concrete impacts on people's lives, their livelihoods. This isn't a game to us, this isn't a game to any of us. This is why I love that we're independent, right? 'cause we where, where those corporate donors are going, right? And those and those corporate interests, we're all seeing this play out together in live time. And it's scary and it's frustrating. But again, it's times like these where I, I remember, you know, to myself, and I know you do too, when we reflect back and I'm just so dang proud of the Midas mighty and of this community. So I just wanna say thank y'all for continuing to put your heads down and do the work every single day, because I know it is exhausting, but it is important, important work.


Jordy, take us out. Shout out to the Midas my day.


It's Ken Harbaugh with the Midas Touch Network. The film Against All Enemies, which I co-produced with Ben Mycells. And this network has won awards around the world for its up close portrayal of America's insurrectionist movement. It premieres in the US on March 29th on Amazon and Apple tv. Go to against all enemies film.com or click the link below. But don't just watch against all enemies, tell your friends about it. It's one more way to hold accountable those who threaten our democracy. Thanks Midas mighty. Let's use our power. Well.