
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, They have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash special offer.


If you've heard that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the science backed language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks. With over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee, just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify. Podcast. Rules and restrictions may apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem? Call one 800 GAMBLER


Donald Trump and his regime can try every distraction that they want, but it ain't working on the people at the No Kings protest. I saw a lot of signs of people asking the right types of questions right now and putting this issue front and center. Donald Trump's disgusting, predatory past Donald Trump, the sexual abuser Donald Trump, the felon Donald Trump, the bankrupt Donald Trump Epstein's close friend who said Epstein was a great guy. Signs like this, stand by your man. A photo of Donald Trump clubbing and partying with Epstein.


A sign like this, Trump killed Epstein. You are next. That's what that sign says. That's not what I'm saying, but that's what that sign says. Or how about Daniel who goes, do you like my protest sign? It says, Gulf of Donald J. Trump was friends with Jeffrey Epstein for 25 years. I like that sign. Daniel, how about this sign right here. Trump partying with Epstein sick simple tyrant or this sign release the Epstein files Phase two. Just release the files. Remember what they said, phase one where they had all those right wing influencers.


What, four months ago at this point, hold up the binders and said we got it. Here were the files. And it was actually just Epstein's like call list and Donald Trump's name was actually on it. And that was released several years ago. We know Donald Trump's name is on the Epstein files and the list based on the files and the lists that had been previously released in other court cases. But we wanna see the whole files 'cause Donald Trump is DOE 1 72 in that. I wanna see what Doe 1 72 was up to. Don't you? I wanna see what was going down at Mar-a-Lago.


Because we know Virginia Giuffre, for example, who unloved herself recently. She died by suicide in Australia. She was an underage girl. She was previously homeless, somehow got a job at Mar-a-Lago and she was recruited there by Epstein through Ghislaine Maxwell who went there, brought her to Epstein from Mar-a-Lago. And then Donald Trump at the sex trafficking trial of Ghislaine Maxwell wished her well at that same sex trafficking criminal trial. A woman, someone who's now a woman at the time, was an underage girl, was 14 years old, said that she was introduced to Trump by Epstein when she was a 14-year-old girl.


Released the damn files. Donald Trump is all over Epstein's flight log based on what's been released all over deposition transcripts of what's been released. Epstein was on Trump's plane before. We know that. Release the damn files. Here's another sign right here. Give no cover to convicts Trump partying with Epstein More signs. Release the Epstein list. I saw a ton of signs like this when I was at the protest here in Pasadena. What's really interesting and really telling as well are those right wing podcasters who Donald Trump has now made the head of his FBI and the deputy FBI Director Cash Patel and Dan Bonino respectively.


They were like some of the top purveyors of the release, the Epstein list. We're gonna get the Epstein list. So interesting that the people who were saying release the list, we need to get this out there were made by Donald Trump to be the fricking head of the FBI. And when they were positioned there, they're now saying that they're not going to release it or it's just gonna take some time and it's not being released. They want to distract us and they think this is just gonna go away. Or they're trying to redact and hide information. I mean, the New York Times finally did a story on it once champions of fringe causes to say it Trump's friendship with Epstein.


And more than that now in a trap of their own making the top leaders at the Justice Department and FBI are struggling to fulfill Trump campaign promises often rooted in misinformation and conspiracy theories. It's a weird way of framing it. Just released the freaking Epstein files. You said you were gonna release it. So remember, so remember what it's end of last week or middle of last week when you had Cash Patel go on Joe Rogan and said, you know what, there's not a lot of footage actually on the Epstein Island, not a lot of footage. And then he tries to act like we don't wanna release this stuff because we don't wanna revictimize the people.


That's why we don't wanna release it. Here's what he says here, play this clip. The narrative has always been that there's video, but what about the video of from the island? Again, we're gonna give you everything We can and people have to remember, we're not gonna revictimize we're women. We're not gonna put that shit back out there. It's not happening. 'cause then he wins. Not doing it. You wanna hate me for it? Fine. Again, logical playout. If there was a video of some guy or gal committing felonies on an island and I'm in charge, don't you think you'd see it? Right? If you have it right, but you can't say that you have it.


No. We're giving you everything we have. And is there video from the island Not of what you want. So this narrative might not be accurate that there's video of these guys doing this. Exactly. Have you guys reviewed everything that you have? Almost like we're that's, I mean, yes we have and now we're figuring out how to Right put It Out. But is there footage? If there was ever, if there was footage of anyone doing anything else, we would've opened a case There. Tens and thousands, Those, yeah. And it's all with little Kids. If there was a video of some guy or gal committing felonies on an island and I'm in charge, don't you think you'd see it?


But remember when Donald Trump about a year ago regarding the Epstein files, Trump said a year ago that he would not release them. So remember what he said during this interview Here, play this clip. Would you declassify the Epstein files? Yeah. Yeah, I would. All right. I guess I would. I think that less so because you know, you don't know. You don't wanna affect people's lives if it's phony stuff in there. 'cause there's a lot of phony stuff with that whole world. But I think I would, or at least I do. You think that would restore trust, help restore Trust? Yeah. I, I don't know about Epstein so much as I do the others, certainly about the way he died. It would be interesting to find out what happened there. 'cause that was a weird situation and the cameras didn't happen to be working, et cetera, et cetera.


But yeah, I'd go a long way toward that one. The other stuff I would Now, Anna Paulina Luna, who literally, she's like as mag as you get, she's as trumped up as you get. She has a whole task force in Congress of release the Epstein files. That's like her subcommittee. She's like the Epstein subcommittee. Here's what she had to say on April 8th. Play this clip. The One thing I've been very frustrated with, Matt, is that I have tried very hard to obtain the Jeffrey Epstein files. I have been contacting the Department of Justice. I've even chased down the FBI and I keep getting the same thing. We are reviewing documents. I don't believe that the process has been as good as the JFK rollout and the M-L-K-R-F-K rollout will be.


And so I'm gonna continue to put pressure on the d OJ to release that information. Look, there's bad people that are, haven't been charged for doing really horrible things with underage people and frankly Alex has the d OJ given you any timeline on that, Ana? No. In fact, I haven't really gotten any communication from the DOJ And here's what she had to say on March 1st, 2025. Play this clip. What's Going on with the Epstein files congresswoman? Well, you know, I'm really actually happy that you asked that question. So I was tasked with the task force on Declassification to look forward and investigate the files once they are released from the Attorney General's office. Now I wanna be clear about something.


What we found in the last couple of weeks, and what's definitely apparent is there's absolutely a war taking place in the intelligence agencies, right? We saw the CIO was reporting that they're worried about their own people leaking secrets to foreign countries. And we were also notified last week that there was a whistleblower that came forward stating that there was evidence being destroyed at the FBI. As soon as the FBI found out President Trump won the election, they started their deep state nonsense. And so I have full faith in Cash Patel and Ag Bond to deliver those files. But I wanna be very clear about something the American people want the truth. We don't want redactions. And although we are same team, I'm going to continue to press for that transparency because that is exactly what the American people asked for when they elected President Trump.


Good. This episode is brought to you by IQ Bar. Our exclusive snack sponsor IQ bar is the Better for You. Plant protein based snacks made with brain boosting nutrients to refuel, nourish, and satisfy hunger without the sugar crash IQ bar's. Plant protein bars are packed with high quality ingredients to help keep you physically and mentally fit. IQ Bar is totally free from gluten, dairy, soy, GMOs and artificial sweeteners. Free natural anytime snack, try any of their nine delicious flavors including mint chocolate chip chocolate, sea salt, banana nut, toasted coconut chip, lemon, blueberry, and peanut butter chip. With over 20,005 star reviews and counting, more people than ever are starting their days on the right foot with IQ bars, brain and body boosting bars, hydration mixes, and mushroom coffees. I am obsessed with IQ Bar and I know you'll be too. You gotta try that chocolate sea salt today. It's amazing. When IQ Bar sent me their ultimate sampler pack, that flavor stood out to me immediately. Now, obviously these bars taste great, but the real benefit is how they make you feel. When I've got my IQ bars, I feel the top of my game. And right now, IQ Bar is offering our special podcast listeners 20% off all IQBAR products, plus get free shipping to get your 20% off text Midas to 64,000. Text Midas to 64,000. That's Midas to 64,000. Message and data rates may apply C terms for details.


And it's just interesting, right, to see Hannity and Charlie Kirk and all these rightwing influencers kind of make the excuses for Donald Trump. Like, here's what Hannity said, let's play it Today. The Attorney General Pam Bondi released phase one of the Epstein files. That's transparency. There are a lot of names in there. And Epstein was obviously a star chaser who wanted to hang out with people that are famous people with money. So let me be very clear at the start here, and I said this on my radio show today, people, because they're in the Rolodex, they're on the list, does not mean they did anything wrong on this show. And we have done it over and over again. We don't rush to judgment. We believe in the presumption of innocence. And I am appealing to people not to rush to judgment even though these names are now public information.


There are names that I'm certain were not involved or knowledgeable of this. I could be certain of it. Among the documents are flight logs in which President Donald Trump is named several times, according to the records, Trump flew on Epstein's private jets repeatedly back in the 1990s. Now this isn't new information as it had previously been made public. And here's what Charlie Kirk had to say, let's Play it now, 10 years later, we're supposed to believe that there's gonna be a smoking gun of something in the Epstein files. But what is in the Epstein files is, yes, president Donald Trump has probably mentioned, he was mentioned in the Epstein file dump back in February. You know why he lived in Palm Beach?


There's probably thousands of names in the Epstein files. Was he part of the Epstein client list? Absolutely not. That is complete nonsense. But to say that Donald Trump is not releasing the Epstein files because he's in them in some incriminating way, yes, it's very clear that if you live in Palm Beach, you might've been mentioned and caught up in some sort of conversation with Jeffrey Epstein. Let's go back to last year. Democratic lawmakers, Ted Liu, democratic Congress member Ted Liu. Here's what he said last year, play the clip. So like Chair Aguilar said, we hear a lot from our constituents on different issues, but something I've heard that doesn't seem to be being covered are the Epstein files.


These files were released and like Donald Trump sort of all over this, right? There are pictures of him with Jeffrey Epstein. He's taking multiple plane flights with Epstein, with young girls on board. He is on call logs with Epstein. One of the highest training hashtags on Twitter right now is about Trump and Epstein. I'm not gonna repeat the hashtag 'cause we're in a dignified setting, but yeah, y'all might wanna look at that. 'cause that's highly disturbing. And again, it shows that Donald Trump is unfit for office. And by the way, he was convicted in a civilian court for sexual assault, convicted in a separate court of 34 felonies. Donald Trump should drop out of the race. Here's what Democratic Congress member Moscowitz said last year. Let's play that clip.


And so again, because the, the gentle lady from, from the gentle lady from Georgia I know is such an advocate for women's rights, as she mentioned and is so concerned a a about grooming. And apparently we, we don't have any standards here anymore. Again, I I just wanna remind, remind my colleagues because you know, I I don't want them to forget about hypocrisy. Okay? I, I don't want them to forget about hypocrisy. But, you know, Donald Trump was asked about Jeffrey Epstein, and when he was asked, he said, you know, Jeffrey likes him young. Well, how did the president know that?


How did he know that Jeffrey Epstein likes him young? Perhaps some people are saying he was there since you're so concerned. Right? But again, again, I, I bring this up. Not, not to make jest, I bring it Up point of order. Mr. Chairman, I Bring it up. I thought we weren't gonna interrupt. All Right, we're gonna stop the clock. We did this with Ms. Green. Okay, thank your point. Yeah, I, I'm just curious about the impugning of the former president's character that we, we, I don't have to do that. He does that himself. Have We, have we basically thrown that rule out? I'm just curious or are we gonna follow that? Would you accept a pornographic photo of Bill Clinton?


Yeah, we suspended the rule to the current president, but we didn't suspend it to the, for, to the former president. Oh, by the way, please. So you're making the point that We can disparage Joe Biden, but not Donald Trump. Please make that point to the American people. Please. Bill Clinton's not running for office. I, I, that's my point. And Look, this is the footage. I mean, here's Donald Trump partying with Epstein. I mean, we, we, we know they partied together like, and more than that. Here, play this clip. We're Gonna get great ratings in your show. Trump is surrounded by women as music flares in the background. After a while, Trump goes to greet three new guests, among them, the financier Jeffrey Epstein, more than a decade before his guilty plea on state prostitution charges.


Later in the footage Trump is seen talking to Epstein and another man, as women are dancing in front of them, Trump alternates between dancing and pointing out women to Epstein and the other men, and telling Epstein about the cameras, though exactly what they say is difficult to understand as they discuss the women and their appearances, Trump gestures to one and appears to say to Epstein, look at her back there, she's hot. And then Trump says something else into Epstein's ear that makes him double over with laughter. But as the President says now, he never liked Epstein.


I was not a our friend Congress member, Eric Swalwell makes a great point right here. He goes, Trump's the most litigious guy. He sues everyone for everything. But he doesn't sue Elon Musk for saying that he's on the Epstein list. He doesn't sue Elon for that, or go after Elon for that. Trump just takes it here, play this clip. Elon's been making a lot of veil threats against Trump. Some he's deleted, some he hasn't. He's talked whimsically about maybe sorting out a new party, but say for argument's sake, he wanted to come back to the Democrats where he originally was a supporter of the Democrats. And all the people that seem to hate Musk most in America right now, used to love him.


Would you welcome him back with open arms, Elon Musk, if he decided to, to go back to where he was originally politically, What I welcome right now, and I encourage others to welcome is his honest criticism of Donald Trump. We were right to oppose Doge cuts that fired cancer scientists or reduced, you know, air traffic controllers. But it's wrong if anybody wants to shut him down, is he is honestly bringing to light some of the corruption he saw at the White House. And in fact, there's probably no one in the world who lost more money in a single day than Elon Musk for what he said about Donald Trump. And, and what I say to the Epstein allegation that he made is Donald Trump is the most litigious person who's ever walked this earth.


If Elon Musk tweeted at me and said that I was in the Epstein files, he would have a lawsuit on his desk within an hour. The fact that Donald Trump, the most litigious person in the world has not yet sued Elon Musk for defamation, is very, very telling and very alarming and a signal to Democrats that we need to understand at the Department of Justice, what exactly has Donald Trump ordered them to conceal from the American people. But then Anna Pauline, a Luna who's on the Epstein task force, she posts the following hap, this is what she posted yesterday, happy birthday to the greatest president of my lifetime, America's lucky and blessed to have this man leading our great nation.


And then she tries to spread a conspiracy that Vance bolter the assassin who killed the Democratic state representative and tried to kill the Democratic state senator and had a list where he tried to kill all these democratic politicians and all these pro-choice people, and all these democratic people, and had a no king sign 'cause he was gonna try to potentially kill people at the No Kings protest. Anna Paul Luna acts like this guy's a Democrat. And she tries to spread that, you know, that, that this guy was out there and oh, he's, he's, he's Tim, he's Governor Tim Wall's friend, you know, and all the misinformation that came from the right wing because this guy was on a holdover, this Vance, this murdering guy, this murderer assassin, Vance Bolter.


He was on a committee that was previously in the Republican administration with like dozens of people on it that just rolled over into the walls administration. They tried to act like, oh, this was like wall's friend, when that's not the case at all. It was a radicalized far right-wing extremist Trump supporter type of person who, and we know he's a Trump supporter because his roommate talked about that. He's a Trump supporter. His views were like Timothy McVay style views. But Anna Paul Loon is now on that conspiracy, and she's moved away of talking about Epstein because well, well, well, Donald Trump doesn't want that to be the topic, but the people know.


Hence the signs. Tell me what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. New Midas merch. Drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot midas touch.com.