
You love this democracy? I'll, I'll tell you, what Do you hear? The crowd in Arizona chanting, U-S-A-U-S-A as Governor Walls giving his speech, talking about his love of our democracy, his love of the flag, his love of our country.


That was the biggest crowd in politics in Arizona. According to some of the top Arizona political pundits and reporters, they've never seen a crowd so big Compare the crowd there to see Vice President, Kamala Harris on Friday night, as well as Governor Walls and all of the incredible guest speakers before to Donald Trump's event in Phoenix. I mean, just take a look at that. By the way, compare the crowds at Friday Night speech where Vice President, Kamala Harris, and Governor Walls were speaking to Donald Trump's crowd in Montana. One of these things is not like the other.


And Governor Walls just goes there. You know what I love about him is his authenticity, and he's just saying, could we talk about crowd sizes for a second? 'cause he knows that gets under Donald Trump's skin here, play this clip. Hey. Yeah. Wow. Well, you might have seen a, a few people showed up in Philadelphia the other night and then 10,000 plus walked into a field in western Wisconsin, and then on Wednesday, the largest crowd of the campaign showed up in Detroit, Michigan.


But Arizona just couldn't leave it alone, could you? Wow. You know, it's not as if anybody cares about crowd sizes or anything, so, wow. Governor Walls then delivers what is my favorite line in his speeches where He says, mind your own damn business. Maga, stay out of our homes. Stay out of our doctor's offices. Stop taking away our books.


Just cut it out here. Play the clip a Hell outta them About it. Look, you and I, especially the gray hairs in the crowd, we know, we know our relatives. Republicans used to be the people talking about freedom, not this group. When they talk about freedom, it means that the government should be free to invade your exam room with your doctor. Look, in Minnesota, we respect our neighbors and the personal choices they make. We may, we maybe wouldn't make the same choices, but we respect them.


And I know in Minnesota and in Arizona and places across this country, you know what makes society work best is when you learn a golden rule. Mind your own damn business, mind your own damn business. You don't need it. I don't, I don't need you telling me what books to read. I don't need you telling me about what religion we worship, and I sure the heck don't need you to tell me about my family.


And here, governor Wall said, this is a line that we've, you've probably heard us use here at the Midas Touch Network. He goes, yeah, I may be preaching to the choir, but our choir sings loud. Play the clip. Know that if he goes back again, he's not only going to let go where he left off, it is going to be much, much, much worse. So look, rising costs pulling healthcare from us, you know the whole routine. Look, I get this too. I know I'm preaching to the choir a damn big and beautiful choir.


But practice is over people. The choir needs to sing. The choir needs to sing. So I just want you to think about this presentation in Arizona, how incredible it was. Right? You have the chance of USA. You have Governor Walls talking about the crowd sizes and how enthusiastic people are. You have Senator Mark Kelly giving a speech, and here, Senator Mark Kelly talks about service. Whereas Donald Trump calls those who served suckers and losers just going right to the heart of the matter.


Play this clip. He served honorably in uniform for decades, and Tim has brought that experience to everything he has done since fighting for our service members, fighting for veterans, and fighting for military families. Now, that's not something I expect that Donald Trump would understand.


Donald Trump calls those who served suckers and losers. Losers. And he has zero respect for any of us who have worn the uniform. Folks here in Arizona, we don't attack people for their service to our country. What do we do? We thank them. Thank you.


It's hot outside and your nighttime bedroom temperature has a huge impact on your sleep quality. If you wake up too hot or too cold, I highly recommend you Check out Miracle Mades. Bedsheets. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long using silver infused fabrics Inspired by NASA. Miracle made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get better sleep every night. These sheets are infused with silver that prevent up to 99.7% of bacterial growth, leaving them to stay cleaner and fresh three times longer than other sheets. No more gross odors. Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands. And feel as nice, if not nicer than the sheets used by some five star hotel. Stop sleeping on bacteria. Bacteria can clog your pores, cause breakouts and acne sleep clean with miracle. Go to try miracle.com/midas to try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save over 40%. And if you use our promo Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% Miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try Miracle T-R-Y-M-I-R-A-C-L-E, try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE, TOWEL, SET, and SAVE over 40%. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you, miracle made for sponsoring this episode.


And then Senator Kelly's wife, Congresswoman Giffords talks about her experience when she was shot and what she did afterwards. And also you think about how Donald Trump has handled it. Donald Trump now sells assassination addition sneakers and tries to grift off it. Compare that to Congresswoman Giffords play this clip. My wife, the woman who inspires me each and every day and teaches me to never give up Gabby Giffords.


Our lives can change so quickly. Mine did when I was shot, but I never gave all hope. I chose to make a new start to move ahead to not look back. I am relearning so many things, how to walk, how to talk, and I fighting to make the country safer. And it wasn't just those speakers. You had John Gilles speak, the conservative mayor in Mesa, Arizona. Mesa Arizona's one of the most conservative cities in all of the United States of America.


And John Gilles, a Republican who's co-chair for Republicans for Harris and Arizona. He gave an incredible speech. The crowd was going wild here. Watch this, play the clip. Thank you, thank you. I I am the very proud mayor of Mesa, Arizona, but I thank you, thank you. But I I, I have to say I feel maybe a little out of place today, partly, partly because we're in beautiful Glendale.


Okay? There's that. But as you may know, I'm a lifelong Republican. All right, now I have thank, thank you for your warm response. I have to tell you that I can I do not recognize my party. It has been the Republican party has been taken over by extremists that are committed to forcing people in the center of the political spectrum out of the party. So I, I have something to say to those of us who are in the political middle.


You don't owe a damn thing to that political party in particular, you do not owe anything to a party that is out of touch and is hell Ben on taking our country backward. And by all means, you owe no displaced loyalty to a candidate that is morally and ethically bankrupt.


So again, to all of us, I would say in the spirit of the great Senator John McCain, please, please, please join me in putting country over party and stopping And stopping Donald Trump and protecting our, the rule of law, protecting our constitution and protecting the democracy of this great country. That is why, that is why I'm standing with Vice President Harris and Governor Waltz.


And all the while you have Vice President Kamala Harris's campaign on social media, just trolling Donald Trump doing comparisons of the crowd size. By the way, vice President Kamala Harris's team, they created a social media account on Trump's social media platform, truth, social. And they started posting photos of the crowd size. They started showing how Kamala, Harris and Governor Walls are going to all of the swing states. And Donald Trump's only going to Montana. Constant crowds size comparisons. And look, it's Donald Trump's biggest nightmare. 'cause just, just Take a look at this all Donald Trump, Donald Trump gave that weird press conference where all he was talking about was like the crowd size and saying his crowd sizes are big, they're the biggest in history.


And he gets more people who watch him at the insurrection. Seems what He says. He said more people watched him at the insurrection than Martin Luther King, than the crowds that were drawn by Martin Luther King's. Like, like, what are you talking about here? Play this clip. Never see the picture of the crowd. The biggest crowd I've ever spoken. I've spoken to the biggest crowds, nobody's spoken to, crowds bigger than me. If you look at Martin Luther King, when he did his speech, his great speech, and you look at ours, same real estate, same everything, same number of people. If not, we had more. And they said he had a million people, but I had 25,000 people. But when you look at the exact same picture and everything's the same because it was the fountains, the whole thing, all the way back to from Lincoln to Washington.


And you look at it and you look at the picture of his crowd, my proud, we actually had more people. They said, I had 25,000 and he had a million people. And I'm okay with it. 'cause I liked Dr. Martin Luther King. Yeah. And then Governor Walls talks about this idea of the common good. So compare what Donald Trump's doing to Governor Walls. Talking about the common good here, play this clip, This idea about a common good, this idea about something bigger than ourselves. This idea of kindness, generosity, and compassion. That this building, which I have been told by the way, might be the largest political gathering in the history of Arizona.


I, And then you have the whole crowd, 20,000 plus people in Arizona chanting, lock him up, lock him up. And Governor Wall says, you know what? Better yet, let's beat him at the ballot box. Play this clip. And let's be very clear, the statistics and the facts are clear about this violent crime was up under Donald Trump. And we don't even have to count his crimes in that to make it up So stiff.


Look Better yet, beat the hell out of him at the ballot box. Beat the hell outta him at the ballot. This must just be driving Donald Trump absolutely crazy. I mean, take a look right here at the front page of the Arizona Republic, Arizona Republicans lining up to support Harris. That was earlier in the week on Friday, the front cover of the Arizona Republic page one. Never been something like this, never been something like this in the history of Arizona.


Just take a look at these crowds. Gotta gotta love the way Harris and Walls are running this campaign. Truly a sight to behold. Truly a site to behold. Well, let me know what you think in the comments. Hit subscribe. Let's To get to 3 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.