
Donald Trump just gave another disastrous speech. This one in Glendale, Arizona. He came out to a Foo Fighter song. The Foo Fighters then made a statement that Donald Trump stole the music and played it in an unauthorized fashion. Donald Trump then started to whine about how vice President Kamala Harris said, thank you. When she came out to give her speech at the Democratic National Convention play the clip. How about her opening where she said, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank, thank you, thank you, thank you. I said, what the hell is wrong with her? Deb, Debbie Lesko.


She's a winner. Donald Trump then tried, I guess, to steal the message of the Democratic National Convention. And said that his campaign and what he wants to do for the United States is bring joy seriously. Like, like, we don't know who you are. Play the clip. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with joy and opportunity and hope. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris. And then Donald Trump proceeded to say how everybody's saying nasty things about him. Aw, play the clip Now.


They really were nasty. And then they say to me, sir, please stick to policy. Don't stick to personality. You should be nice to people, sir. You have to be nice. I go, I call 'em up. My geniuses, they get paid a fortune. Actually, not that much, but I call up my people and say, they're knocking the hell out of me. And you say, I shouldn't get personal. I have to get personal, don't I? I have to get personal. I have to get personal. They get personal. But I'm gonna do my best. So they're allowed to get personal with me, but I'm not allowed to get personal to them.


They call me names that are so bad. Our great First Lady says, but you're not that way, darling. They love our great First Lady. I will tell you that. Do, hey, do, but darling, you're not that way. I said, I know that. And if I say something just slightly out of order, like, she didn't do a very good job last night, please never, ever mention look or anything like that. If you ever say, she didn't look really great. It, that's the end of your political career. So I wouldn't say a thing like that. He then calls former President Barack Obama. Barack Hussein, and then says, former President Obama saying nasty things about him.


All play the clip. No, they get bored. Like Barack Hussein Obama got far fewer votes the second time won. He won. Have you heard of him? Barack Hussein Obama. Remember Rush, rush Limbaugh, Barack Hussein Obama. He was nasty to me. You know, he was nasty. Michel was nasty. They're all nasty, nasty people. They were very na. I was surprised. I thought he was. And I was sort of nice to him. I said, no, you know, I like him.


Good. It, it didn't matter. They were nasty to me. And of course, Donald Trump Then says, vice President Kamala Harris keeps lying about him play the clip, And nobody lies like her. She's a liar. She makes up crap. She's the one gonna raise. You know, she said, Donald Trump is going to raise, you know why she said I was gonna raise? Because I'm gonna put tariffs on other countries coming into our country, and that has nothing to do with taxes. To us, that's a tax on another


country. This episode of the Midas Touch podcast is brought to you by Manukora Honey, also known as Honey with Superpowers. Let me share something sweet with you. And I mean really sweet. It's something that's become a staple in my routine, and I think you are going to love it. I'm talking about Manukora honey. When I say honey, you might be picturing those bear shaped bottles in the supermarket, but that is not what this is. Manukora Honey is single origin, rich, creamy, and the most delicious honey you've ever had. It's supercharged with you unique antioxidants and prebiotics, and is three times more than your average honey Montera honey supports immunity, aids digestion, boosts energy, and helps balance inflammation. It's a game changer, and all you need is one to three teaspoons a day. On top of that, Montera Honey has a natural antibacterial compound called MGO, only found in Manuka honey. So if you're looking for something simple and delicious to add to your wellness routine, we found your new healthy habit. And now it's easier than ever to try Manukora Honey with the starter kit. Just head to Manukora dot com slash Midas to get $25 off. The starter kit comes with an NGO eight 50 plus Manuka honey. Five honey travel sticks, a wooden spoon plus a guidebook. Now, I love the jar and squeeze bottle, but the extra pack of compostable honey sticks is perfect for whenever you're on the go. You could bring them with you when you're traveling or need a quick snack running errands, and they are the perfect energy boost. If you're out for a run or at the gym, that's M-A-N-U-K-O-R a.com/midas to get $25 off your starter kit. This is the ultimate honey indulge and try some honey with superpowers from Manukora. Look, this stuff is amazing and really provides the pump I've been looking for. I look forward to Manukora every morning. Make sure you click the link in our description or head to Manukora dot com slash minus and try some out today,


Just like a wine fest over and over again. Then Donald Trump says that Ruben Gallegos, who's running for the Senate seat in Arizona, is the Democrat who's leading Ka Lake, is a frigging loser. Play the clip, And nobody lies like her. She's a liar. She breaks up crap. She's the one gonna raise. You know, she said Donald Trump is going to raise, you know why she said I was gonna raise? Because I'm gonna put tariffs on other countries coming into our country, and that has nothing to do with taxes. To us. That's a tax on another country. Oh, all of the joy, just calling him freaking loser and using third grade petulant bully names.


Oh, that's exactly what the America wants to hear. Now, Donald Trump. Here's what he then says about Kerry Lake. Play the clip, And she should be your next senator. I hope you win this sucker. 'cause you are winning. You're running against the guy that cannot carry your shoes. I'm being nice. You know the expression. Can't carry her shoes, and you're gonna have a big victory, and we're gonna work together and we're gonna make sure we win this state. I, At this point, Fox has enough of it, and they cut Donald Trump off and they said, all right, we're we're enough. Jesse Waters cuts him off. By the way, play the clip best And will again, make America great again by tackling lawlessness.


Head on. You just heard from former President Donald Trump in Glendale, Arizona, who promised a special guest tonight. And unlike Kamala, he actually delivered. And notice what Fox did there when they cut him off, though, they cut him off. Where Donald Trump was pissed that the president of the Arizona Police Association was giving a speech that was longer than Donald Trump wanted and hogging the stage time. Watch Donald Trump just get pissed and basically yell at the Arizona Police Association leaders saying like, get off the stage, get off. These people are here for me. Here. Play the clip Flowing into our countries, and that's the only ones we know about.


Illegal drugs are flowing into this country at an alarming rate with only five descent being intercepted at the border. Gotta go. Okay, You got it folks. Let me finish up here, please. This Country then Donald Trump says that the Democratic candidate for Senate in Arizona should not be allowed to run, play the clip. He shouldn't be allowed to even run in this election against her because Carrie Lake is incredible. She's incredible. She's Donald. Trump then says that he should be winning in Minnesota, but the governor, governor Wall's, VP Harris's running mate, is allowing tampons in boy bathrooms.


Play the clip In Minnesota. We hope we're gonna win Minnesota. You know, it hasn't been once since 1972, Richard Nixon, but we're doing well there too. But the governor is horrible. You know what he did? He approved a bill to give tampons in every young man's bathroom, right? By the way, that's false number one. I mean. There was a fact check that was done on that, and all of the school districts say that's simply not happening. And also just lie after lie. And Donald Trump's losing by significant margins in Minnesota, and Governor Walls is a beloved governor in Minnesota.


Donald Trump then says that there are mean guys with calculators who are going into stores play the clip. So criminals are walking into stores, mean nasty guys, rough guys, and they take calculators and they calculate. Let's say, I want to get up. They walk out, then they walk back in. That's not happening. Then Donald Trump says that Mayor Joe Arpaio, who's known racist, who dehumanize people here, he says that he praises Joe Arpaio play this clip. That's Sheriff Joe.


Look at that. A legend. You know, sheriff Joe's looking at these clowns where they have no idea what they're doing, where people come in by the millions. He had nobody come in. Remember he dressed everybody in pink. Remember that, right? Is that right, Joe? They had a dress in pink. Then Donald Trump, once again, this is the second time he's done it this week, suggests that police should intimidate people at voting centers. Play the clip. We need every sheriff to get over there, every law enforcement official, because we got the votes. We gotta make sure everything's on the up and up. And Donald Trump brings out RFK, you know, RFK endorsed Donald Trump today.


And here Donald Trump then says RFK, something about RF K's age, just rambling, play the clip. We've been a little bit on the opposite side of the equation, but I will say this, he is a brilliant, I still think of him as young. He's not that young. I always call him young, but he's not that young. But It's also just worth mentioning that Donald Trump said the following about RFK, I take President Biden over RFK Jr because our country would last a year or two longer prior to collapse, but it would be dead either way. RFKs views on vaccines are fake, as is everything else about his candidacy.


Let Democrats have RFK Jr. They deserve him. Donald Trump said this about RFK Jr as well. RFK is a Democrat plan, A radical left liberal who's been put in place in order to help crooked Joe Biden. A vote for junior RFK would essentially be a wasted protest vote that could swing either way, but would only swing against Democrats if Republican knew the true story about him. Junior is totally anti-gun and extreme environmentalist. Who makes the green new scammers look conservative? A big time taxer and open border advocate and anti-military vet. So that's who Donald Trump has on the stage. And then RFK Junior is now deleting all of the posts that he made that are like this.


Let's be honest, the NRA is as responsible for child murders as if they pulled the trigger. The NRA has turned the Second Amendment into a suicide pact for our children. When do we deal with the NRA? And yes, the Foo Fighters said they did not authorize the Trump campaign to use their music at this event today. So that's what happened. Folks, we'll keep you posted as we learn more here on the Midas Touch Network. Kids subscribe. Let's get to 3 million subscribers together. Thank you so much for watching. Love this Video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.