
We have reached the final stretch towards Election Day Vice President. Kamala. Harris is going on the offense. She's filling up stadiums in DeKalb County, Georgia. You see a star studded event that's taking place right now, about 15,000 people in the crowd. If you talk about the other areas as well, as many as 20, 25,000 people could be there. Vice President, Kamala Harris is doing that on the heels of a town hall with CNN, where she answered, no questions we're off limits. She answered all of the questions we heard from some independent voters afterwards who said how important that Town Hall was for them.


On the other hand, you've got Donald Trump continuing to show his cognitive spiral and his complete spiral into madness as he goes from event to event, mostly talking about his own cognitive exams or him now projecting, oh, it's Vice President, Kamala Harris. She's the one who's exhausted. She's the one who's having cognitive issues. I wanna talk about all of that. Also, we should talk about what should have been, I think a bigger story yesterday, I. Guess when a story breaks about Donald Trump allegedly playing wicked games with Jeffrey Epstein and sexually assaulting women.


That doesn't register for corporate media anymore. That's not a big enough story. The Guardian broke this story. Epstein Donald Trump, a young lady, the twisted games that Epstein and Trump were playing with her, assaulting her. There's a lot of detail, a lot of corroborating evidence. The Guardian did a good job writing that story. We reported it right away here. But I guess for a lot of corporate media that that's Trump being Trump. That's who Trump is. We can't normalize this, folks. We can't let America become that. This is the Midas Touch podcast. Let's get into it right away. Brett Jordy, good to see you both here.


And look, I am feeling positive, number one. Number two, I am, sleeves are up. I'm ready to work. And you know, and I think that's gonna be the theme of these next 10 days Work. Work. Like your life depends on it, because it does. It's the only thing you can do. I'm feeling extremely optimistic. I mean cautiously optimistic, but I'm feeling very optimistic. And I think what we all have to realize is nobody's gonna save us except us. At the end of the day. You can't rely on the corporate media. I mean they're doing like the world's worst job I've ever seen. Just dropping the ball on every big story. And then the way they report even good stuff is like bad.


Like it's, I've just never seen it. It's like, gotta be by design because it's that bad. Or unless they're just that dumb. I, I, I, I Dunno, I hate to go there, but like I I don't know. But the enthusiasm that I'm seeing out there right now for Vice President Harris is through the roof and there's all these media narratives like, oh, is the momentum drying up? Is she, no, no, actually, it's not like, actually, people are really excited. I speak to a lot of people on the ground all the time who are in swing states, who are knocking on doors. They all say that everybody's super excited. We're looking at these crowds in Georgia today. I mean they're absolutely insane. I mean, just look at this. For the people who are watching right now, this crowd in the stadium, and we look at these lines that are just stretching down the block, like just going crazy to see vice President, Kamala, Harris.


And it is a positive energy. It is an energy of joy. When you look at these Trump events, it's just like depression and hatred. And it's like the complete opposite. You see the people leaving, you just see everything is a mess. And I am, you know, I, I'm cautiously optimistic about the election, but we all need to be putting in the work every single day. We got, what, less than two weeks, something like 10 days or something around there. It's, it's, it's pretty wild that we're that close. But now's the time for action folks. Jordy, what's up? Excited for today's show. I just wanted to piggyback off that point, Brett, when you look at these other communities out there, you know, there's so much built on negativity and hatred and just, just overall meanness.


And so when I could look at this community here, the Midas mighty community, the this pro-democracy loving community, and see that what we've all built, this collective, we here, you know, on love, on compassion, on doing the work, on being each other's friends and figuring this out. I I I just get motivated every day by the Midas mighty says, love you guys, and let's just, let's kick some ass these last couple days. You know what, I never woke up and thought, wouldn't I be way better off if America looked like 1798 I? Think what's missing right now is all of the great things that were going on in that 18th century period. And I I.


That's when things were really great. You know, one of the funny things is, we were all talking about with Donald Trump was, I'm not sure if it's even funny is the right word, when he says, make America great again. What, what was that specific period though that you are kind of referring to? Because right now, America's the world's largest economy. We're kicking China's ass right now where, you know, they go drill baby drill. America's got more domestic drilling than ever in the history of the United States. Wages are higher than they've ever been. Right now unemployment is at all time lows right now. America has got inflation under control where other countries have not, as I said, America's the fastest growing GDP of all G seven Nations.


You look at analysis, whether it's by the Economist, not exactly a bastion of kind of liberal and progressive ideology or the Wall Street Journal, or you look at any just honest sober economic analysis of the times, America's in a boom right? Now, that doesn't mean that we should just spike the football and be like, oh, this is great. No, we should recognize that a lot of the things that are screwing people are the fact that they're Republican policies that have led to CEO pay increasing by like 2000% since 1978, while the average workers pay in that same time period has only increased like 12 to 15%.


That's by design. That's what Reaganomics frankly was about. And that's what the Republican economic policies and deregulation and everything was, was all about. But I try to think what was the time period that they were like we were kicking ass. And Donald Trump keeps saying it. He goes, 1798, that's the time period. And he says it for a lot of reasons. He likes the, the, he thinks that's when the economy was the greatest. He says that's when the laws were most effective. There was something called the En the Alien Enemies Act where people can be rounded up and put in camps on the basis of ancestry. Here's what Donald Trump says at his events. Here, play it. Think of that.


We had to go back to 1798. That's when we had laws that were effective 1798. We had to go back to There was slavery in 1790. What are you talking about? 1798 is when laws were most effective. It it just simply, it's simply not the case. by the way, the reason that there was even an alien enemies act at the time period as well is because a America was not the leader of the world, right? The, the idea was both the British and the French at any point in time could basically take over the United States of America around that time period.


So that's Donald Trump's message. Go back to 1798. And I guess his other message is talking about the genitals of deceased Hall of Fame golfers, or talking about fictional serial killers, cannibal lecter or Donald Trump talking about windmills killing whales. And I'll show you this. Congress member Eric Swalwell put out, I think the ad of the political season, which is, here's what I like about this ad too. He doesn't change anything that Donald Trump actually said in this ad. Everything that the actor who plays Trump says are actual things that Donald Trump says every single day as a major part of his campaign event.


So here's the new ad by Congress member Swalwell talking about how Donald Trump belongs in a different kind of house here, play it. We were so worried They're eating the dogs. He wasn't making any sense. The People come in, they're eating the cats, And he just kept getting worse. They Did dumps, that's what they call them. Dumps. Big, massive dumps. Gross in Michigan and Pennsylvania all over. We had to do Something. They will take the life of the child in the ninth month, even after birth, they'll execute the baby. You Sound crazy right now.


Then a friend told us there was somewhere he could get the help he so desperately needed, called a place for Trump Person, woman man camera tv. Now he has round the clock support and can enjoy the things he loves, like eating cheeseburgers and rage posting at 3:00 AM I Know windmills very much and they're driving the whales, I think a little bad. Sure. So this November, let's vote to put him in a place for Trump, because we all know he belongs in a home. Just not this one. I have concepts of a plan. Of course You do.


Brett Jordy, you wanna get your reaction to that, that ad I think I could watch over and over and over I don't know what it's about it, but it it is such, it is so good. And it really, you know, it really exposes Donald Trump for being like the maniac and the, that he is, it is such a contrast right now between these two candidates. And it frankly just could not be clearer. And I think that's one of the reasons why I get so riled up when I see some of this coverage. Because you will see Donald Trump say things like he says in that video, and then you'll see the media report on it and they'll be like, Donald Trump gave his speech on the economy on Thursday and he gave, delivered his economic plans for how he wants to make America great.


I'm like, what did you hear? What, what, what am I missing here? What, what is going on here? But I'm happy that there's good messaging going out. And like I said before, we're seeing such optimism from one side. We're seeing such hate and Division from the other side. And I think the contrast right now could not be clear. We're even seeing Donald Trump out there, you know, today, calling America a garbage can. This is Donald Trump's closing message I get, I guess with the campaign is closing messages. Arnold Palmer's penis and his closing messages. America's terrible, I guess. Here's Donald Trump today. We like a garbage can for the world. That's what's happened. That's what's happened to, we're like a garbage can I mean?


I'm just, we have to comment on his face there. I mean, I, I, I, I, I, I. Don't I mean I mean what's going on? Play it again. I mean. We just have to observe what that looked like. I mean. I'm not gonna just take a, just take a look one more. At what point are we supposed to just, just Play the clip? We're Like a garbage can for the world. That's what's happened. That's what's happened to, we're like a garbage can. I I, I I. Seriously, seriously, ev every aspect of this guy I mean what he's saying, I mean. The, the other week he defecated on himself during like, like everything is like just the worst.


Like, like they cre they created quite literally in every aspect the strangest, most bizarre, worst, most vile human being in every aspect. And they were like, we're just gonna test America. And like as I watched that, I'm like, just if you muted it, if you muted it and he wasn't calling America a garbage can and I was just watching that, I would think to myself, what, what the heck is going on? Yeah, he looks radioactive in that, in that the, the makeup for the audio listeners is on such a different scale too. It, but here's the thing that really upsets me, Brett, about the corporate media coverage in general here.


It's like, it's two completely different grading scales. Like Trump could go on stage and all of a sudden turn what was supposed to be a town hall into, I don't know, just some random weird dance festival that they start to call Trump DJing in front of constituents and how cool and smart that is. And then Kamala Harris has to stand up there on CNN the other night. I'm sure we'll get into it and just get grilled, you know, by question after question. She did a fabulous job up during that town hall, but it's just absolutely insane to me that Trump gets to skirt away. What, what's going on been after that? But you pointed it out too. You, you posted about it. All right, we'll go to our panel right now. How'd you think Vice President Kamala Harris performed at the CN town hall?


Well, Anderson, I was worried that she was trying to do the reverse pyramid structure of the logical argument. I think she should have went with the pyramid structure of the oratory skill. So I was a bit disappointed. And Brett, you know Brett, you're like, I don't even watch CNN anymore. But what I do, the pyramid shirt. What are you even, what are these? Like what are we doing here? I I almost threw my remote through the freaking TV after I heard that I I was, I, okay, I I'm just gonna be very candid with everybody right now. 'cause I I don't watch CNN ever. Like never. And I watched it only for these events. I watched it specifically to watch this town hall and I left it on, let's see what they had to say.


I thought she did a great job. First thing outta the gate. Boom. Dana bash. Very critical. I've heard from my people. Who did you hear from? It just ended. Whatcha talking of you? I heard that she, she goes, she goes, I heard steal the deal. I I. Yeah, I heard from my people heard from, she did not seal the deal. Who are these people? What are you talking about? What people, you haven't even gone to your independent panel or whatever. Who by the way said the complete opposite of everything that you all said and that everybody on Twitter was trying to say all of you journalists on Twitter. So that's like the first thing. And then I'm watching and I was like, I, I, like just stewing like, like a crazy person here watching CNN like hate watching it. And then one line after the next, after the next, after the next, and then we got to that comment and that was, I think Abby Philip, who I generally like, I wanna say I like it I think her show is not good because it's just about people fighting and I hate that format.


She got like 20 people on the show. It's adic. It's a ridiculous concept. It's like a right, yeah, it's a little crazy. I I don't like shows where people just fight each other. But I think it was her who's made the comment that was her criticism. You know what I I think Kamala should have approached it from an inverted pyramid structure instead of a pyramid structure. The way she, I was like, in what world would you ever judge Donald trump by this ridiculous standard where you are analyzing the, the pyramid structure of her arguments? I'm like, what the heck are, what are we doing here? I was literally, I was texting Ben and Jordy just going, what are we doing here? Like, am I crazy or is this the worst network I've ever seen in my life?


Like, who watches this shit? Sorry. Like it's, it's the worst thing I've ever seen. That's, sorry, To get animated. I I could, and, and you know what? But there's a serious point to be made because after watching it, I was like, no wonder why the country isn't informed A and B. No wonder why everybody is terrified all the time because that channel is designed to really screw with your brain and to make you anxious and to make you upset. And I, and that's just not, it's not healthy. It's not healthy, it's not journalism. I don't know what it is. It's anger attainment that's kind of just repositioned in a way that makes it feel like it's supposed to be neutral, unbiased news.


But it is designed quite literally to misinform you and drive you nuts. As remember that famous study that they did on Fox News a couple years back when they found out that if you watch Fox News, if you're a avid Fox News viewer, you were actually less informed. I mean that's the same thing if they did that study to modern day CNN. And it's crazy to even say that you'd walk away, I'd have to imagine with the same conclusion, just that the nature of how they try and ed educate the audience, they're not educating the audience. I they're confusing the audience because it's just a mess. But it's why we structure the network the way we do. Like it takes sometimes 12, 15 minutes to go through facts and evidence, right? It's not like a soundbite.


I, I have to go through the court filing with you. So I'll read you the court filing, I'll show you the evidence, then I'll share with you my opinion at the end. I try not to lead with my opinion, but I will show you all of the data points. And you could agree with me, you could disagree with me. But let's talk about all of the kind of data points right there. Versus to your point Brett, you know, on a CNN show, they now have like a laughable amount of people at the table too. Like their panels have like nine people when you watch it. And quite literally they set it up like it's some like game of like, like, like dodgeball, like, but like verbal dodge ball. And it's like cho ch ch cho.


And I'm like, okay, I can't even follow. What are we, are we talking about economic policy? 'cause if we are then Donald Trump is saying that he's gonna do a 2000% tariff and he doesn't know what a tariff is. 'cause he keeps saying he's going to tariff China. That's not a thing. You don't tariff China, you're the tariff is a tax on imports, which is paid by the American consumer. So is that what we're talking about? Are we talking about how Donald Trump added $8 trillion of debt? Is that, is this an economic conversation that we're having here? What, what, what are we talking about? Oh, are we trying to talk about how John Kelly Donald Trump's former chief of staff and a four star general who has the reputation of whether you like the guy or not, integrity and honesty, who said that Donald Trump wants to be Hitler.


That Donald Trump admires Hitler's generals and said, why can't my generals be like Hitler? That all of Donald trump's top people, top generals who aren't even political people. That's the structure of it right there. Gotcha. They put him in this horseshoe and then they all start yelling at each other. And I'm, when I try to watch it, I'm like, this is unwatchable. They talk about the underlying issue for maybe 10 seconds and then after that it's just a yell fest. They interrupt each other and it's not a way to consume news at all. Another example, not dodge ball, but you know, one of the thing like WrestleMania if you will, like when they would do the, everybody in the arena at the same time, and it's like everybody's fighting everybody and I don't even know what's going on, but that's how it's intended to be.


And that's that anger ca right there. Lemme take a look at what Donald Trump though was saying, you know, in these speeches here, he talks about, I want to tape every conversation, but Nixon did that. It was a good idea, bad idea. It's like the musings of a madman on stage here, watch this. Every time I think about putting, I want to tape every conversation. The problem is then I start thinking about Richard Nixon did that. And I say, you know, let's do without the tape Because Nixon got caught because of the recordings. That's what he's saying right there. Or here. He's like, they say, I'm weird. Thicko a weird, so Donald trump's up there.


And again, I I, in the last episode we showed you Donald Trump talking about penis size of deceased golfers and whether he'd be rather be eaten by sharks or electrocuted or Hannibal Lecter or Al Capo. Everybody knows Al Capo the greatest gangster, the greatest gangster. I've been indicted more than Al Capone. And then like the crowd laughs and I'm like, what's that? Even a joke. Are we talked? Where's the u? Like where is any of this funny? Here he is on on Governor Walls, he's a sicko here playing this clip.


And You can't even say, well let's go to the vice president. 'cause he is really a sicko, right? Remember he called JD Vance and I weird. We're not, we we're very solid people. He's a weird dude. That guy he is, he's always pumping his heart. Ha ha ha. You know, like he's, Yeah, I'm watching. I'm like, what? But you know, I think that what he really should have done, the inverted pyramid structure was not executed too perfection though. He inverted pyramid structure. I'm never gonna get over this line. I'm sorry. The inverted pyramid structure and the craziest thing, sorry, I'm still like riled up by it from last night.


They acknowledge too. They're like, I think we probably, you know, it's, it's probably apparent that we do hold that the media does hold Vice President Harris and Donald Trump to different standard. You are the, that's you. Like yes, you, you're the cable news that we're, that everyone is talking about. So why don't you, you could acknowledge it and now why don't you do something about it? Why don't you go that take the next step because you're so close. You're so close. I'm, I'm so happy for you because you're so close. But not quite, not quite. Well, you know, I mean I, I I never thought I'd have to build a media network, right? Like that that was never crossed my mind, you know, that, you know, and, and, and I I, we, we were joking about it.


I'm like, perhaps we built this network as a well of, as a way of self therapy because the corporate media was so, but then I realized that, but then it was the community self therapy and then it was the country self therapy and then it was the world self therapy because we're being gaslit, we're being lied to every day. And you know, it's not hyperbolic we're being lied to, we're being gaslit. I'm just showing you the types of things that he's saying. And if you think there's a world where it's acceptable to have someone in a position of leadership whose former chief of staff whose former vice president, whose former national security advisor whose former defense secretary whose former closest aide say this person is a threat to democracy.


This person wants to be a dictator. This person admires Adolf Hitler's generals, this person I mean I could go on and on on. And you're like, well that's conservative. It it, it, it isn't, it isn't. There are signs though, and we'll talk about this when we come back from our first break though, that this coalition of pro-democracy, we built the network on that thesis that there is ultimately though more people, the real silent majority in America. I feel it. I feel it. I see it in the data of people who care about decency. Whether it's men raising daughters or children or families or you know, just people who care about decency.


Women, men from all walks of life who want compassion intelligent discourse, who want to leave a better world for future generations who want to uplift and not punch down. I know that's what America is all about and the contrast is on the, but you couldn't have a a bigger contrast right here. So let's do this. Let's take our first quick break of the show, then I wanna show you in contrast there what Vice President Kamala Harris has been saying. Play. We'll play you some clips there. We'll be back from our first quick break.


You would never clean your face with an abrasive scrub because it messes with your skin's natural barrier. Right? So what if I told you that toilet paper is doing the exact same thing to your bottom causing micro tears on your body's most delicate skin? Yikes. The solution switch to a Tushy bidet and wash with a gentle, soothing stream of water every time you go. I've been using the Tushy bidet and there is no going back. The installation was super easy. It took me less than 10 minutes to set up and I didn't need any special tools or extra plumbing. It fits right in with my bathroom vibe too. And you actually feel clean after you use it. The Tihi bidet easily attaches to your existing toilet and it doesn't need electricity or complicated plumbing. You just sit, do your thing and turn the knob for a refreshing stream of water. Then you could pat dry with a little toilet paper. Simple and effective plus every Hello Tushy bidet comes with a 30 day hassle-free return and a 12 month warranty. It's time we give love and care to our body's most sensitive skin and join the 2 million butts who have already switched to Tushy for a limited time. Our listeners get 10% off their first Bidet Otter when you use Code Midas at checkout. That's 10% off your first bidet order at hello Tushy dot com with promo code Midas M-E-I-D-A-S.


So did you know that over 2 billion plastic razors end up in US landfills each year? It's a staggering number I know and it's just one of the many reasons why we need to rethink our shaving habits. Henson Shaving is leading the charge in this revolution. Let's join it together. Their razors are made of aluminum with no plastic in sight, not even in the packaging. And get this, they work with standard dual edge blades that cost less than 10 cents each. Once you have a Henson Razor, you're looking at just three to $5 per year for blade replacements. It's a win for your wallet and a win for the environment. It's time to say no to subscriptions and yes to a razor that will last you a lifetime. So visit Henson Shaving dot com slash midas and pick the razor for you and use the code Midas M-E-I-D-S and you'll get two years worth of blades free with your razor. Just make sure to add them to your cart. That's 100 free blades when you head to H-E-N-S-O-N-S-H-A-V-I-N g.com/midas. And use that code Midas


Prize Picks sits the best place To get real money sports action. So join over 10 million users and sign up today. Price picks puts its members first so all withdrawals are fast, safe and secure. When my picks hit, I can get my money in as quick as 15 minutes. So sign up today, get $50 instantly when you play $5, you don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed. Price picks also offers weekly promotions that can lead up to big payouts like Taco Tuesday. Each Tuesday price picks discounts. Select player projections up to 25% to provide even more value for your lineups. Think Justin Jefferson will get more than 83.5 yards next week. Christian McCaffrey run for more than 75.5 yards. Cook up hot takes with your friends and when real money this football season, when you and your crew run your game on Prize, Picks, Prize Picks. It's the best way to win real money this football season. Which players are going off, which ones aren't? Make your picks in less than 60 seconds and turn your sports opinions into real money all season long on Prize Picks. This week on Prize Picks, I'm looking at the football board and selecting Justin Jefferson for more than 83.5 receiving yards. And Patrick Mahomes for less than 267.5 passing yards. Sorry Patrick. Download the app today and use the code Midas To. get $50 off instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Prize Picks, run your game. Download the app today, use the code Midas once again. Prize Picks, run your game code Midas.


Let's go. Shout out to our wonderful sponsors. Great read Brothers links in description of audio, YouTube, use the links Tushy, fabulous. They're back. Just all incredible stuff. Henson, Prize Picks, the all amazing stuff. Go check it out if you're into that stuff, they're fantastic. You know, Jordy, remember earlier in the show I said who wakes up and says, by the way, here in the background, we got a little appearance there from Baby Jimena future. Aw, big, big cameo, big podcast cameo. Big cameo. Wow. Remember earlier when I said who wakes up and says to themselves, look, I want an America that looks like 1798. That's one of Trump's closing message.


Also, one of Trump's closing message is that no Venezuela was great 15 years ago. Yugo Chavez, Venezuela, that's peak peak. We, we should be like that Here play. This is what he just said in Arizona, play this clip An embarrassment nobody will even know. It'll happen so fast. It can happen fast. Look at Venezuela. 15 years ago, Venezuela was a thriving, incredible country. And now it's I mean the people can't get a bottle of water. And he always praises too Venezuela. He's like, you know, we should do our next Republican national convention in Venezuela. He's like, yeah, I thought he thought he great. Said it is a better country than the United States.


I thought that's, and by the way, don't forget they did CPA, the Conservative Political Action Committee. They did it in Hungary, Victor Orban, that was the site of it in Hungary itself right there. But Brett, do you have the photo of what? Of what the crowd even looked like in Tempe Arizona? I think we've got a photo of it that it was a fairly as contrasted to Vice President Kamala Harris, his event in Arizona, 90 minutes before he took the stage, it was basically empty outside. The crowd itself is only 70% full. And that's definitely in contrast to what we're seeing. But Brett, you know, one of the reasons I always bring Tom Bonier and Simon Rosenberg on as well is there's so much bad data out there.


I mean quite literally. There are all these bad faith actors who are pushing all of these, just like politically motivated polls intended to bring down like averages and like manipulate things. And so it's like I I know that there are a lot of people out there who, you know, maybe you wake up, you get a good poll, then in the afternoon there's like a a, a bad poll and then at, and then at night there's like a good poll. So I'm like, we're good, we're not good, we're great, we're horrible. You know, and it's kind of this up and down rollercoaster. I, I'll leave, I'll say this right now. You can control what you can control. And we are getting all of these stories of people who are using these next 10 days to motivate family members, friends, coworkers and colleagues, To, get out there and vote.


And we're hearing stories. Tens of thousands here. We probably have accumulated hundreds of thousands of Republicans who are supporting Vice President, Kamala Harris, former Trump voters who are supporting Vice President, Kamala, Harris independents supporting Vice President, Kamala Harris, as I said, this coalition of pro-democracy. That's building I mean. Look, you could take a look over here. This is a Michigan State University poll. It's b plus. Good good poll right here. You know, and there's all these junk polls. This is a good poll. Like they're, they, they know the area. Michigan State University, they have Vice President Kamala Harris of 52 to 47%.


When you take a look at Mullen Berg's poll and you go to specific districts as well, like in Pennsylvania itself, vice President, Kamala Harris in the North Hampton area up by four in the Lehigh area, up seven. Those are bigger margins than Biden had in those areas, which are significant. 'cause if you extrapolate that at large Jordy, you know the Commonwealth area, that is a good sign right there. But perhaps for me, one of the most interesting data points that I'm focused on, if you wanna know, like what do you focus on Ben, it's this one right here. How are people actually voting? How about that concept?


People who have voted already, how have they voted and what can that tell us? So this was an incredibly interesting one. Marus, they're good pollster. They've looked at Arizona, North Carolina and Georgia, early voting there actual voters, actual people who have gone out there and voted. What's interesting about these states is that in these states there have been more Republicans who have voted than Democrats. They also have a high non-party or non, you know, independent or non-party vote as well. But what's interesting in these states where Republican raw vote totals, we don't know who they voted for, but we have polling data now that suggests where that might have been, but just by the numbers, more Republicans than Democrats in this area, unlike say in Pennsylvania where it's like plus 32 Democrats who have voted.


And when you extrapolate Michigan, it's a significant more amount of Democrats than Republicans. But here where Republicans have outnumbered Democrats in the vote already, amongst people who have already voted Harris up in Arizona 55 to 44 North Carolina Harris of 55 to 43 Harris sub 54 to 45 in Georgia. Then when Marist then tells us, but the likely voters in the future, then they'll say, well, that favors Donald Trump. And I go, how does that make any sense to me? If the likely, if someone's telling you they're a likely voter and they're gonna vote in the future, why aren't they already, why wouldn't they have already voted if they're one responding to your poll?


And two so committed that they're saying that they're a likely voter in these states. And so I don't know, I thought that data Brett was a, was a significant data point that's worth mentioning. But I would tell everybody, go and watch my interview with Simon and Tom, because one of the jokes as well that we have at the network is, all right, Ben's going to his therapy session. He's got his Tom Bonier, you know, and so if you watch me, I'm like, all right guys. So some people wake up and they feel great. And then in the afternoon some, some people, some people we should put that on the audio feed. by the way, I don't know if we got that up on the audio feed just yet. We should definitely Get that there for the podcast listeners.


That's a great idea. And everyone should add and subscribe to the audio feed, which is free anywhere you find audio podcast might just touch podcasts. Yeah, there's so much junk data, there's so much junk data and a lot of it, quite frankly, is hard to make sense of. And we're dealing with a different digital landscape, I will say, and a media landscape than we were even in 2022, and especially from 2020 where literally these social media networks have been fully weaponized against everybody against reality itself. Quite frankly, if you go on Twitter, you will have a completely or X whatever, you will have a completely skewed view of the world that does not resemble reality whatsoever.


Like not even like a little bit e especially if you don't know exactly who's telling the truth and who's not. There's a lot of liars. The bad information is the stuff that's being pushed to you and it's being pushed to you as propaganda because the owner of the website, Elon Musk, is a Trump supporter who's poured in tens, if not hundreds of millions of dollars into a pack to elect Donald Trump. And he is using all of his things that he's built and purchased rather, in order to try to elect Donald Trump. That's what he's doing. Then you have that other strategy, which is something we've talked about here, where there were, and which you spoke about with Tom Bonier, which is that the Republican strategy is project strength, project strength, project strength. And the democratic strategy, especially in fundraising, is we're behind.


It's, we're doomed. It's over. So you have all of the psychology that's designed to make you feel bad, like from all sides, even from the democratic side. It's designed to make you feel bad. And then you have people online saying, the momentum's gone. The the joy is gone. Oh, the joy, bye bye joy. Bye bye. Joy, I don't know about you, but when I look at this crowd here waiting To get into Trump's rally, and I see it empty and I see the reaction of the crowds in these rallies and then I head on over. And I look at the crowds that I'm seeing at every Vice President Harris event hours before with crowds chanting and cheering and dancing and lines wrapping around the block. And when I speak to people and they are telling me how enthusiastic everybody is when they go and knock on doors, I'm just getting such a different story from folks actually like in real life than I am from any of this garbage that's being thrown at you every single day.


And there are all these narratives like, oh, this com, oh, she's, it looks like she's crashing in the polls. No, she's not. I don't know where you're getting, where are you getting this from? Like when you take the high quality polls, she's ticked down like 0.05 percentage in the polls or something. Like it's a not, it's a negligible number or whatever. And everyone acts like, it's like this giant thing. And then you see one pole that has her plus seven, one pole that has her down to one pole that has her plus four, one pole that has her tide. And for some reason people only focus on the bad ones. But that's why it's like, the only reason I think it's even worth showing the polls is to be like, listen, they're all all over the place. You have some that have or up disregard 'em because it's gonna be a turnout game.


And if enough people get to the polls, guess what? Vice President Harris is going to win. And we are seeing unprecedented levels of support for Vice President Harris, amongst Republicans, amongst independents, amongst moderates. We are seeing this all over the country. I think there is a silent Kamala voter out there who is voting for Kamala Harris, for example. Even if maybe their husband doesn't want them to vote for her, they're voting for Kamala Harris, or somebody doesn't want to tell their neighbor, maybe they're too shy to 'em, whatever. It's that we're going to see a lot of this. And I feel like often on this show in the past, we've had to push a kind of against the current in 2022. I remember, you know, us sitting here and having Simon, it feels like, you know, like I'm I I, it feels like we've deja vu, like we've done this so much right now.


And, and we get comments like, oh is just, you know, it's a hopium. Like what? I I don't know. It seems like a red wave. I hear Republicans, you know, on Twitter it says Republicans are gonna take 30 seats on CNN's telling me that it's a red wave and that, oh, the momentum's increasing for Republicans right now, and that that just has not come to fruition. And I'm not saying that Donald Trump can't win this election. He very much can. It's a toss up race by all accounts. It's a toss up race, but there is zero indication that this is leaning towards Donald Trump whatsoever. And Kamala Harris could very much win this thing. And it's not outta the question that she wins it even bigger than people expect.


And so everybody just needs to realize that fact and understand that now is the time to be putting into work and motivating people and getting out there because that's all that matters. Not all the garbage that's being thrown at you by all of these horrific sources that just wanna make you angry, make things scared, and turn everything, make you scared, and turn everything to a horse race. And it's o it, it's okay to feel how you're feeling, however that is. Like, don't be too bummed at yourself if you feel like you're on edge, but implore yourself control what you can control here down the stretch, right? Whether that's telling family members to go out and vote, whether that's canvassing, whether that's phone, bank, whatever you can do, just do that. And that's amazing and you're doing a great job.


And it is, you know, it's, it's an exhaustive time for sure because of what Brett just laid out perfectly right there. And it's okay to feel all the emotions that you're feeling right now as as we head down to this final stretch. Look, we've got a lot to discuss on this show. I also do want to discuss, it's a big deal to me that we have yet another victim of Donald Trump coming forward with evidence as well, supporting everything. The story from The Guardian Donald Trump groped me in what felt like a twisted game with Jeffrey Epstein. Former model alleges, Stacey Williams says that Donald Trump, whose spokesperson denied the allegations, touched her in an unwanted sexual way.


I think that's what's called molestation. In 1993 after Jeffrey Epstein introduced them. And Donald Trump's previously said, Jeffrey Epstein is a great guy who likes women on the younger side. Donald Trump partied with Jeffrey Epstein. They were very close buddies. Epstein would traffic women who he would find at Mar-a-Lago, Virginia Giuffre worked at Mar-a-Lago, for example, after she was homeless. And then she was recruited by Ghislaine Maxwell to then work with Jeffrey Epstein. And then Epstein trafficked her and sexually abused her. And Donald Trump wished Ghislaine Maxwell.


Well, in her trafficking trial I mean things like that. Like shouldn't that be like what, you know, corporate media talks about every day. I mean it seems like a like a big deal to me. We're gonna cover it here on the Midas Starch Network. And I also wanna show you some of those clips from the town hall just to show you Vice President Kamala Harris's thoughtful responses. We'll be back after our last quick


break. Let's face it, after night with drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. Hey, I gotta be honest with myself, right? It feels like I have to choose between having a great night or a great next day. That is until I found pre-cool ZBiotics. Pre-Cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough. Next day. Pre-Cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference the next day. For example, after a fun night out with friends at like a local bar or wherever we go, I could still get up the next morning and hit the gym. And I'll admit I was skeptical at first, but I tried it at a dinner party with some friends. The next morning I felt great, ready to tackle the day, ready to do more videos here at the Midas Touch Network. I kept hearing about pre alcohol and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I get the hype. Plus what their GMO Technology ZBiotics is continuing to create probiotics that tackle the challenges of modern living. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Code Midas at checkout, ZBiotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you are unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash midas and use that code Midas. It's M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off


the best bacon, the best steak, the best chicken, the best salmon you'll ever eat. It's not gonna come from the grocery store, it's gonna come from the family farm and independent Alaskan fishermen. And now you can get it when you join the Moink movement. Today, Moink delivers grass fed and grass finished beef and lamb, pastured pork and chicken and sustainable wild caught Alaskan salmon straight to your door, Moink Farmers Farm like our grandparents did. And as a result, Moink meat tastes like it should because the family farm does it better. And the Moink difference is a difference that you can actually taste. Unlike the supermarket, Moink gives you the total control over the quality and source of your food. You choose the meat delivered in every box like ribeyes to chicken breast, to pork chops, to salmon filets, and much more. Plus you can cancel it at any time. And I love that Moink is helping save rural America. Join the Moink movement today and you'll never turn back. Shark Tank host Kevin O'Leary called Moink Bacon, the best bacon he's ever tasted. And Ring doorbell founder Jamie Siminoff, jumped at the chance to invest in Moink Plus. They guarantee you'll say Oink. Oink. I'm just so happy I got Moink. I know I do, and you will too. Keep American farming going by signing up at Moink Box dot com slash midas. Touch right now, and listeners of our show, get free hot rolls in your first box. It's the best hot rolls you'll ever taste for a limited time. It's spelled M-O-I-N-K box.com/midas touch. That's Moink Box dot com slash midas. Touch one more time. Moink Box dot com slash midas. Touch Moink, let's go.


I like how your voice cracks a little bit at the end of that, but I, look forward to that each time. I I like, yeah, yeah, it's good. Shout out biotics. Shout out Moink links in description of both YouTube and audio. Ben's really upset with me, but use those codes, let them know we sent you and appreciate it. I wanna sh I mean I. I noticed that too. I mean we don't have to double call attention to it. That's all right. All right, let me show you a very thoughtful answer that Vice President Kamala Harris gave during the ta all all of it was, but I I could show you a ton of things, but here she's talking about this is an important issue. You know, the bipartisan border security bill that she supported. Now, one of the strange things, strange is probably not one of the real harmful things that I think is disqualifying about Trump and this MAGA movement.


We used to disagree on policy, but ultimately, you know, try to move the nation forward. What MAGA does, it's an authoritarian trick. They actually want to cause pain to America actually hurt people because if they hurt people and people are confused and feeling pain and suffering, you can authoritarians know this. You can prey on people and trick them and manipulate people more. They're suffering and people suffering. That's why con artists and scammers target people who are suffering, devastation, maybe health problems, people who are elderly, people who are in disaster zones.


They're vulnerable. But that's not what politics should be about. We should be providing solutions. So I mean, one of the things that Donald Trump has been trying to do, number one is he wanted to shut down the government. Always. That didn't work, but what he was able to do, 'cause he knew that would tank the economy. Remember he gave that interview where he said that he hoped there would be a depression when Biden was in office, right? He said that he hoped that there would be a depression when Biden, who hopes for there for there be a depression that's never been said before by anyone running for office. It's a crazy disqualifying thing to say, but one of the things that he did do is he killed a bipartisan border deal that would've helped address issues on the border because Donald Trump knew that the corporate media would both sides the issues.


People wouldn't really know how our legislative system works. The Republican party has generationally worked to gut civics and education. Most people don't even know the difference between the Senate and the House of Representatives yet alone, how a bill becomes a law. Remember, schoolhouse Rocks was like fundamental learning when we were going to school, but that's been almost completely gutted right now. So all people don't know is, hey, something happened and we should blame someone for it, right? And Republicans go, Hey, blame the guy who's currently I I in the presidency for it. But Donald Trump killed a bipartisan border deal so he can run on the problem.


He wanted to run on the problem. So everything he can say is immigration, immigration, immigration. Well, here, vice President Harris at the town Hall, she's asked questions about this and she explains it. She doesn't go, oh, you know Arnold Palmer's penis. Oh, you know, she, she's not out there saying, have I told you about Hannibal Lecter? He's a killer. Here's a killer. No. She's saying, look, here's what I want to do. Here's the policy here. Play this clip. Start with this. America's immigration system is broken and it needs to be fixed and has been broken for a long time. And part of what we need to do is always prioritize what we need to do to strengthen our border.


I will tell you, I'm the only person in this race among the two choices that voters have. I've personally prosecuted transnational criminal organizations in the trafficking of guns, drugs, and human beings. I have spent a significant part of my career making sure that our border is secure and that we do not allow criminals in, and we don't allow that kind of trafficking to happen and come into our country. And as the, as my opponent has proven himself, he would prefer to run on the problem instead of fix the problem. You may know there were some of the most conservative members of the United States Congress working with others that came up with a border of security bill that would've put 1500 more board agents at the border.


Those board agents are overwhelmed. They need the support, they need the backup. It would've allowed us to have more resources to stem the flow of fentanyl. I don't need to tell this state and people around the country what is happening in terms of the score of fentanyl and how it is literally killing Americans. It would've put resources into stemming the flow. It would've given more resources to prosecute, to investigate and prosecute transnational criminal organizations. It would've done a lot of good Donald. Trump got wind of the bill and told them, don't put it forward. He killed the bill because he'd prefer to run on a problem. Instead of fixing a problem, we have to have a secure border and we have to have a comprehensive pathway for citizenship.


Let, let me, and that includes requiring people, hardworking people, to earn citizenship and do it in a comprehensive humane and orderly manner. Lemme Now you contrast that to Donald Trump's speech this evening in Arizona, he confused Afghanistan and Ukraine. He called his voters fat asses. He confused ice with isis. And that was just getting started right there. I I. I do wanna show people this though, because I don't think it's getting enough attention and we've been covering it every step of the way here. It's Donald Trump's Jeffrey Epstein connection, right? Donald Trump said that Jeffrey Epstein's a great guy who likes girls on the younger side.


Donald Trump is quoted as saying that about Jeffrey Epstein. Donald Trump partied with Epstein, he hung out with Epstein. He's all over Epstein's. Call log. He's all over Epstein's Flight log. Remember every, all the maga we, we wanna see the list. We wanna see the list. Well, we saw the list. Donald Trump's the number one person on the list over and over again, right? Epstein found the girls at Mar-a-Lago, Virginia. Giuffre worked at Mar-a-Lago Ghislaine Maxwell, who trafficked for Epstein to Mar-a-Lago found Giuffre, had her work with Epstein, and then Epstein trafficked her.


It was one of the ways Epstein found the girls was at Mar-a-Lago. Now we are learning about an individual by the name of Stacey Williams. And this was reported in The Guardian, and I think it's not getting nearly enough attention. She talks about a sick and twisted game that Epstein and Trump played with her. Epstein brought her over to Donald Trump's office, and while they were in his office, Donald, Trump started grabbing her breasts, her buttocks, her legs, her body, and feeling her up and feeling her all around for a significant period of time.


She got very uncomfortable with that and didn't like, like she stopped it while it was kind of happening. But he was doing it over and over and over again to her. And then Epstein was pissed at her that she wouldn't do more. She's come forward with supporting evidence as well, including after Donald Trump molested her. This note that Donald Trump sent to her in his own handwriting. You can see it for our audience that's watching this. Stacey, your home away from home love Donald. That's his handwriting. I ask Cohen if that's his handwriting. Cohen confirmed that was Donald Trump's handwriting. This is who Donald Trump is.


You know, we've talked about I mean, one of Donald Trump's businesses were preteen and teenage beauty pageants. I mean, just think about that. Like that's what he did in the nineties. Beauty pageants for 12, 13, 14-year-old girls. He went into that business and then they would throw parties written about The Guardian did a story as well on yachts, where men old enough to be these 13, 14-year-old girls', grandparents would grind on the little girls on on the yachts in the nineties. Do Donald Trump's photographed with the 14 and 15-year-old girls. He's reposted it himself recently on his social media to show that he's like a strong guy.


He posted the photo from the, the, the 13th. It's called Look of the Year Competition. If you want to Google it, look up Trump look of the year competition with these, you know, with these young girls. I mean, think about how Donald Trump talks about him. Brett, your point was, you know, there's a lot of people speculating. Oh, is there some other story coming out about Donald Trump? And it's, and you know, we were like, what other story do you need to know? He was found liable for sexual assault by a jury. He's on video recording saying these things over and over again like this. This is how Donald Trump talked about his own daughter. Let's play it. She does have a very nice figure.


I've said that if Ivanka weren't my daughter, perhaps I'd be dating her. You know, Ivanka, what's the favorite thing you have in common with your father, Either real estate or golf Donald with your daughter? Well, I was going to say sex, but I can't relate that If I weren't happily married. And you know her father, My daughter Ivanka? Yeah. She's six feet tall. She's got the best body. She way Your daughter, she's beautiful. Can I say this? A piece of ass? Yeah. She looks more voluptuous than ever. She, she's actually always been very voluptuous. She's tall, she's almost 16. You going up the escalator, I'm gonna be dating her in 10 years.


Okay, now let me show you. This is audio of Donald Trump saying, at those beauty pageants, he would walk in on the girls without their consent and inspect their naked bodies. Here, Play the clip. What you could also say, as the owner of the pageant, it's your obligation to do that. So, so you have done that. Now tell me what, well, I'll tell you the funniest is that I'll go backstage before a show. Yes. And everyone's getting dressed and ready and everything else, and you know, no men are anywhere. And I'm allowed to go in because I'm the owner of the pageant and therefore I'm inspecting it. You know, I'm inspecting. I wanna make sure that is good. Doctor, you're there. The dresses is everyone okay? You know, they standing there with no, is everybody okay? And you see these incredible looking women, and so I sort of get away with things.


Then Donald Trump said this about Lindsay Lohan when she just turned 18. He said that, you know, the, he says the, the woman who suffer from mental illness are way better in bed. So he fantasizes about having sex with an 18-year-old, which I think she had just maybe just turned 18 at that time because of her mental health issues here. Play the clip. What do you think of Lindsay Lohan, Howard? I think she's hot. There's something there, right? Yes, Steve. But you have to like freckles. I've seen a, you know, a closeup of her chest. Yes. And a lot of freckles. Are you into freckles? If the father's a freckle, like the way he is, right? You imagine the sex with this troubled, yeah, you're probably right. She's probably deeply troubled and therefore great in bed back in the day when, how come the deeply troubled women?


Yes. You know, deeply, deeply troubled, right? They're always the best in bed. For some reason, what I said is true I mean they, they're just unbelievable. I could tell From the, You don't wanna be with 'em for the long term term, but for the short term, there's nothing. Now there's unforgivable. Period. Full stop. That's the leader of the Republican party there. I guess one of the questions though is, you know, has Donald Trump with age evolved? You know, has he been, well, I, I I was wrong in saying those things back then. That, that, that that's the no Donald. Trump recently spoke in front of young Republicans.


So this is a speech in front of teenage boys and teenage girls who want To get into Republican politics and young men, young women who are of college age, who are getting involved in Republican politics. So what do you think Donald Trump is talking to the future people who want To get involved into politics about courage. He says, but he says the most courageous thing that he's done in his life, a general told him he claims, was that when he called sexually assaulting women by grabbing women by their vaginas, when he called that locker room talk without, he said that that was the most courageous thing he's ever done.


He said, a general who's seen people die in battle told him that referring to sexually assaulting women by molesting them locker room talk was such a brave move. This is what he tells the kids in the audience here, Play the clip. But I went onto that stage just a few days later and a general who's a fantastic general actually said to me, sir, I've been on the battlefield. Men have gone down on my left and on my right I stood on hills where soldiers were killed. But I believe the bravest thing I've ever seen was the night you went onto that stage with Hillary Clinton after what happened. And then that woman asked you the first question about it and I said, locker room talk.


It's locker room talk. What the hell? What are you talking locker room talk? That was not a great, Yeah, that was recent. Donald Trump said that to kids, and I'm not gonna show you the other clips. Now you've seen him before where he goes in front of a high school and talks about that he doesn't like To, get urinated on by hookers, so that in a high school gym, he goes in churches and encourages the kids to say the word bullshit over and over again and the kids lead a bullshit chance inside a church. So I I leave you with this in this episode because now it's time to take action.


It's really also a time for, you know, I think the parents out there specifically, you know, talk to, talk to the boys in your life as look, because this stuff, this right wing podcasts are hitting them every day and saying that this is how men are supposed to act. And that's not the case. So please ha ha have a talk with family members, have a talk with, you know, you know, people in your life. This is not acceptable behavior and this is where, you know, I just feel that it, that what we do is not even so much political. Like yeah, sure, Donald Trump is speaking at the young Republicans, but that's shouldn't be a Republican view.


What he's saying, right? That's, that's just, that's just horrible stuff. And this is who he is been his entire life. This is about moral character. It's about integrity and decency and intelligence and facts and compassion. It's about our democracy, it's about our freedoms. You see it right there. You see it right there. And that's why I guess the question that we all have to ask is what can we do in the next 10 days? What can we do? Can we volunteer? If you can please do that. Volunteer. Volunteer. There's lots of opportunities, but just reach out to people in your life. Get them to vote for democracy and share with us in the comments below what you've been able to accomplish so you can encourage others to learn what you're doing.


If you phone banked, let us know. Where'd you do it at? If you helped write postcards and found that effective, share with people what you did there, share in the comments. We would really appreciate that. We're gonna do an after show now right after this. I'm looking forward to that. Brett, anything else you wanna say before we go? No, I Also, also share your voting stories. I love reading your voting stories about you going to the polls. Let us know if you've voted early, if you submitted a mail-in ballot, if there was a line at your polling place, what the kind of vibe was like I love hearing kind of on the ground stories from everybody and keep your head up, tune out the noise, put in the work. Nobody knows what's going to happen. Anybody who tells you confidently that they know what is going to happen in either direction, by the way.


Like, let's throw that out. Nobody knows what's going to happen, but we all know, you know, we gotta stay motivated, right? You gotta stay motivated, you gotta be put in the work. And I feel optimistic about you all about, about the community and so let's keep at it. And I, appreciate you all as always and looking forward to this after show on patreon.com/midas touch. For those who want to join us over there and watch it, we've gotta be setting up a, a, a little zoom q and a with the folks on pat.com/midas Touch soon. So more details on that to come, but sign up so that you can meet us and chat with us and ask those questions directly. We'd love to, love to see you before election day.


So that's that Jordy, want to take us out? Shout out to the Midas. Hey Midas mighty, love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us now.