
Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and as AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com Cancel any anytime terms apply


When the game tips off the NBA action is just beginning on FanDuel America's number one sports book. Because FanDuel is your home for NBA live betting however you wanna play, now is the perfect time to join. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA 21 plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal Bonus bets which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Look, Trump needs a distraction. His approval numbers are tanking. Fast Americans, whether they're Democrats, republicans or independents, are showing up at town halls and letting it be known how much they despise this administration. How much they despise Elon Musk. So Donald Trump and his administration, what do they do? Let's talk about Epstein and let's say we're gonna release the Epstein Thees and the Epstein client list. Maybe that will distract the American people and maybe they won't Remember that Donald Trump was close friends with Jeffrey Epstein. Maybe the American people won't remember that.


Jeffrey Epstein would find the girls to traffic at Mar-a-Lago like Virginia Giuffre, who was homeless and then got a job at Mar-a-Lago. And then Ghislaine Maxwell, who was trafficking for Jeffrey Epstein, found her working at Mar-a-Lago and brought her to Epstein and demanded that she massage Epstein and then Epstein started Traffick her trafficking her. Maybe the American people will forget that Donald Trump said that Epstein is a great guy who likes women on the younger side. Maybe the American people will forget that Donald Trump's name is all over depositions involving Jeffrey Epstein is all over. Jeffrey Epstein's plane log that Jeffrey Epstein audio with the reporter emerged before the election and it seemed like we in the Daily Beast were the only people who were covering it.


Were Epstein knew intricate details about the first Trump administration and talked about how Donald Trump and Melania the first time they did, you know what was on the Epstein jet. And Epstein talked about how Donald Trump liked to have sex with his friends' wives is one of the things that Epstein said. I don't know if that's true or not, but that's one of the things that Epstein said. Epstein knew intricate details. They're at parties together in Mar-a-Lago. I mean there's a lot of data here. The Trump's all over Epstein's flight log. So they dangle this thing and and just expect that their base will not know those facts. But guess what, Donald, your base, a lot of them are now starting to watch this show 'cause they know you're full of shit.


So for those who are first watching the Midas Touch Network two and of course all of those who have been here, we come with receipts here on the Midas Touch Network. So let's come with receipts. So first let me show you the distraction. Donald Trump's attorney General Pam Bondy goes on Fox as our markets are crashing on Friday and she goes, Epstein, let's, right, I'm gonna release that and maybe MLK and maybe RFK files and what else? The JFK files. I'm gonna release it here, Play this clip. Saw Your appearance at CPAC with Ben and and with Ted Cruz. And one of the things that you've alluded to, and this is something Donald Trump has talked about, the DOJ may be releasing the list of Jeffrey Epstein's clients.


Well that really happen. It's sitting on my desk right now to review. That's been a directive by President Trump. I'm reviewing that. I'm reviewing JFK files. MLK files. That's all in the process of being reviewed because that was done at the directive of the president from all of these agencies. So, So have you seen anything there? You said? Oh my gosh, Not yet. Okay, well we'll check back with you To be clear what she said as she was reviewing it. Do you think for a second this fascist authoritarian Trump regime is going to release it with Donald Trump's name in it? Do you think So? We know Trump's name is on things to begin with. I mean, look, Trump's name is all over the flight log of Epstein's Lolita Express.


We have it here. Almost no one's flown as many times on that jet than Donald Trump. Trump Heck, Trump liked the jet so much that when Epstein died and you could form your own opinions about the circumstances of how that took place. But Donald Trump was flying around during the election, during the campaign in Epstein's Jet. You go, what do you mean? He was flying around in the jet? I thought Epstein's dead. Yeah, Epstein died then his estate sold the jet to somebody and then Donald Trump was given that jet for the campaign. He wrapped Trump 2024 on the Epstein jet and flew the same jet around to go to places when he was not flying his other bigger plane.


'cause his other bigger plane was slower and more expensive and a pain in the ass. So he would fly on that Epstein jet lot. Also, Epstein would fly on Trump's plane when Epstein was alive. Here's one of the articles from New York magazine, quote. They did board Trump's jet with a young woman of indeterminate age. I wouldn't be able to tell if she was 15 years old or 20. She was quite dressed up and quite made up. So it was hard to tell during the first Trump administration, Epstein's trafficker, Ghislaine Maxwell was on criminal trial for trafficking. Okay? She was found guilty, thrown in jail for the rest of her life. Trump was asked about Ghislaine Maxwell during her trial when Trump was in office the first time.


Do you think Trump said, oh, she's disgusting. I condemn it in the strongest terms. She's a trafficker. I wish the worst for her. He wished her well. He wished the best for her. Here he is, wishing her well Play this clip. Ghislaine Maxwell is in prison. And a lot of people want to know if she's going to turn in powerful people. And I know you've talked in the past about Prince Andrew and you've criticized Bill Clinton's behavior. I'm wondering, do you feel that she's gonna turn in powerful men? How do you see that working out? I don't know. I haven't really been following it too much. I just wish her, well, frankly, I've met her numerous times over the years, especially since I lived in Palm Beach and I guess they lived in Palm Beach, but I wish her well, whatever it is.


I don't know the situation with Prince Andrew. Just don't know. Not aware of it. Mr. Prince Andrew. And just so you can see it for yourself, here's a direct quote from Donald Trump to New York Magazine. 2002, quote, I've known Jeff for 15 years. Terrific guy. He's a lot of fun to be with. It's even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do. And many of them are on the younger side, Epstein like girls, underage girls that he would traffic you sicko, you disgusting person. I mean this. Trump is filthy. This is a disgusting individual who by the way, was found liable for sexual assault.


We should not forget that. And at his trial for sexual assault, Trump fled and went to Scotland and Ireland 'cause he was too chicken shit to sit there as Eugene car's lawyer to deposed him or cross examined him rather, during the first trial. Here's Donald Trump is with his kids and Epstein here Trump is partying with Epstein. Here's a deposition transcript where a woman Epstein was trafficking. This is what she said at our deposition. While they were on Jeffrey Epstein's plane, Jeffrey said, great, let's call up Trump and we'll go to, I don't call the name of the casino, but let's go to Trump's casino also at Ghislaine Maxwell's criminal trial. The one where Donald Trump wished her.


Well, wink, wink. One of the things we found out there was Jeffrey Epstein introduced a woman at that time. She was 14 years old when she testified she was a woman. She introduced Jeffrey Epstein, introduced this person Jane Doe to Trump when she was 14 years old. Ghislaine Maxwell Accuser says, testifying at Maxwell's criminal trial in New York City. The woman identified by the pseudonym Jane Doe said she met Donald Trump in the 1990s at his Mar-a-Lago Resort. By the way, it's not unique to Donald Trump. RFK Jr. Lolita Express, friends with Epstein, his wife was friends with Ghislaine Maxwell.


They, this is what these people do. Here he is right here, RFK Jr. Talking about it. Play this clip. You weren't ever on Jeffrey Epstein's jet, were you? I was on Jeffrey Epstein's jet two times. I was on it in 1993 and I was on it in, and I went to Florida with my wife and two children to visit my mom over Easter. My, my wife had some kind of relationship with Ghislaine Maxwell and they offered us a ride to Palm Beach. So I went then and on another occasion I flew again with my family, with I think four of my children and, and, and Mary, my wife, to Rapid City, South Dakota, go to, to go fossil hunting I for a weekend.


And, but other, otherwise I was, I was never on his jet alone. I, you know, I've been very open about this from the beginning. This was in 93, so it was 30 years ago. It was before anybody knew about Jeffrey Epstein's, you know, his nefarious issues. And I agree with you that these, all of this information should be released and we, we should get real answers on what happened to Jeffrey Epstein and any of the high level political people that he was involved with. All of that should be open to the public. It should be absolutely transparent.


And, you know, I don't see why any of those records would have any redactions in them. Why would we be hiding that from the American public? I think, well


You might, did you know that 90% of Americans are nutrient deficient? That's a shocking number. But the solutions you'll find in the supplement aisle, they're temporary and full of synthetic ingredients in artificial sweeteners. That's why Gem is the first real food multivitamin formulated with ingredients. Our bodies were built to absorb and free from synthetic ingredients. Unlike most supplements that overload your body with excess vitamins, it doesn't need, Gem was designed deficiency first to fill your nutritional gaps without the excess ingredients that inevitably turn into waste to the body. Gem is on a mission to make food as medicine real through bite-sized nutrition solutions that are simple and delightful to digest. Each Gem bite is a functional daily multivitamin formulated for proper absorption, packed with 20 plus nutrients, prebiotics, and probiotics, all in one delicious real food bite for foundational health. They source organic ingredients whenever possible and have nothing artificial. They even worked with a pastry chef to make sure that each bite is as delicious as it is nutritious. If you wanna give the first real food multivitamin a try, head to daily Gem dot com slash midas or enter Midas at checkout for 30% off your first order. That's daily, GE m.com/midas, M-E-I-D-A-S or enter Midas at checkout for 30% off.


Alright, now you want to hear Donald Trump in his own words where he said that the most courageous thing he's done in his life, according to a general, was when he referred to grabbing women by their genitals as locker room talk. Donald Trump said that was the most courageous thing he did according to this general who saw wars. When John, when Donald Trump said locker room talk, that was the most courageous thing according to this general, that's what Donald Trump's saying. And Donald Trump told the story I'm about to share with you in New York City before the young Republicans in front of kids, Donald Trump told the story you're about to see in front of kids, high school students and college students.


He's a sick play. The clip, The, but I went onto that stage just a few days later and a general who's a fantastic general actually said to me, sir, I've been on the battlefield. Men have gone down on my left and on my right I stood on hills where soldiers were killed. But I believe the bravest thing I've ever seen was the night you went onto that stage with Hillary Clinton after what happened. And then that woman asked you the first question about it and I said, locker room talk. It's locker room talk. What the hell? Whatcha talking locker room talk?


That was not a great, And here's Donald Trump at his deposition at the sexual assault trial where he was found liable. And Donald Trump was asked about his comments about grabbing women by their genitals. And here's what he said. Play the clip. And you say, and again, this has become very famous in this video. I just start kissing them. It's like a magnet, just kiss. I don't even wait. And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab them by the pussy, you could do anything. That's what you said, Correct? Well, historically, that's true with stars. It's true with stars. That, that they can grab women by the pussy. Well, That's what it's, If you look over the last million years, I guess that's been largely true.


Not always, but largely true, unfortunately or fortunately. And you consider yourself to be a star. I think you can say that. Yeah. And Here's Donald Trump talking about Lindsay Lohan. I believe she was either 18 years old or 17 at, I think she was 18, maybe just turned 18 at this time. And Donald Trump said that he wanted to have sex with her because he thought that she was mentally ill. And he says that having sex with the mentally ill is the best. He says, here he is. You could hear him in his own words, play it If The father's erect, like the way he is, right? You imagine the sex with this troubled, yeah, you're probably right. She's probably deeply troubled and therefore great in bed back in the day when, how come the deeply troubled women Yes.


You know, deeply, deeply troubled. Right? They're always the best in bed. If for some reason what I said is true. I mean, they, they're just unbelievable. I Could tell from the, you don't wanna Be with 'em for the long term, but for the short term, there's not. I mean, this is a sicko. This is a sicko who's destroying our country right now, who's destroying our economy, who's having Elon Musk and other, and guys, 19-year-old guys who call themselves big balls, go access your private data. They're looking at your social security information, your medical information, your tax information. And they're talk, they're, they're admitting it. They were just saying, because they're billionaires, they can do it. When you're rich, they can do it.


That's what they're saying. And they're saying, why wouldn't you trust us? We're billionaires. Billionaires should be able to do this stuff. Here's Donald Trump, a billionaire saying that one of the reasons he bought beauty pageants is so that he can ex inspect the girls naked at his beauty pageants without their consent. This is him in his own words. Play this clip. Well, you could also say, as the owner of the pageant, it's your obligation to do that. So, so you have done that. Now tell me what, well, I'll tell you the funniest is that I'll go backstage before a show. Yes. And everyone's getting dressed and ready and everything else. And you know, no men are anywhere. And I'm allowed to go in because I'm the owner of the pageant and therefore I'm inspecting it. You know, I'm inspecting. I wanna make sure that everyth, you're like, everything is good. You're there. Yeah, the dress is everyone okay?


You know, they standing there with no, is everybody okay? And you see these incredible looking women. And so I sort of get away with things like That. Now, may I share with you some of the beauty pageants that Donald Trump ran, Donald Trump hosted this one. The look of the year competition. Here are some of the people in his beauty pageants and they would go on yachts, traveling around New York. The Guardian wrote a whole story about this. Describe the girls gyrating on men old enough to be their grandparents as the men said, bring me another, bring me another. It's called the look of the year competition. So why don't we do this? I know they're trying to distract us with, with the Epstein stuff, but let's check back, let's see if they really release the whole DOJ files.


All of them. Let's see 'em all. I know what's on the files already. I know what's on the ones that have been released. So release 'em, release 'em, Pam Bondi, put 'em all out there. And I want you all to see this 'cause I want you to know the sick degenerate in the Oval Office. I want you to know what a despicable person he is as as he does all this other crap right now to our country. I just want you to forget, this is a evil, awful person. And sometimes you're like, why would these people do it? Because they're evil, awful people. Sometimes cruelty is the point. And they've lived disgusting vile lives forever, doing the sickest shit to people, sickening stuff.


And we will stand up to it here on. We will call it out fearlessly, as I said, until they rip this microphone from my very hand. We will stand up here on the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe. We're marching to 5 million subscribers. Rise Up America. Rise up the world against this crap. Can't get enough. Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.