
It's turn time. And with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 plus in President select states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non-controllable profit Boost tokens. Restrictions apply, including token expiration and max wager amount. C terms is sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Hey, prime members, are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free, or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcast to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


This is a breaking news alert. The Democratic candidate for the Supreme Court seat in Wisconsin. That was vacant. Judge Susan Crawford is now projected to win the major Wisconsin Supreme Court election. She is defeating the MAGA Doge candidate Brad Shimmel. A huge victory for the Democrat aligned judge Susan Crawford. This election has massive implications. You will recall Elon Musk pour tens of millions of dollars with the Magar Republicans and other oligarchs to try to get the magar Republican Doge candidate Brad Shimmel elected Elon Musk said that this election would determine the fate of civilization.


Elon Musk was in Green Bay this past weekend. This is a massive repudiation of Doge, of Maga of Donald Trump, judge Susan Crawford. The Democratic aligned candidate for this Supreme Court seat will go on to win that race. Democrats will go on to take the majority in the Wisconsin Supreme Court. There will be a number of cases before the Supreme Court involving the Magar Republicans gerrymandering and all of the chicanery that they engaged in with the law finally being followed.


This has major implications for future congressional races. For example, MAGA Republican Congress members like Derek Van Orden and Brian Steele both said that they will lose their congressional seats if Judge Susan Crawford wins the Wisconsin Supreme Court race because of the redistricting that they expect to take place. Quote, we will both lose now. He said quote. So that's why everyone is paying attention to this race on a national level. Our editor in chief, Ron Philip Kowski, posted the following after it was predicted that Judge Susan Crawford, the Democratic aligned candidate, would go on to win this major Wisconsin Supreme Court race.


Philip Kowski wrote Trump went all in Musk, went all in Musk said Western civilization would end if Judge Susan Crawford won. Musk bought votes. Scott Presler mag's, get out the vote guy set up shop in Wisconsin and went all in Charlie Kirk and the whole Maga Doge gang and all the right wing podcasters went all in. The entire MAGA machine went all in. Donald Trump went all in. Trump spoke from the Oval Office and told people to vote for Brad Shimmel. Just the other day, $53 million were spent to try to prop up the MAGA Doge candidate Brad Shimel, including Pac Money.


But Judge Susan Crawford will win this Supreme Court seat easily, and she was far outperforming vice President Kamala Harris in all of the important counties. As we saw them coming in, we saw Madison come in, we saw Waukesha come in. We saw Dane County come in, and it was becoming very clear that this evening would be a great one for Judge Susan Crawford, who ran an incredible race. You'll recall images like this of Elon Musk, million dollar checks to individuals that were part of his, you know, he will pay you if you register to vote scheme that when I spoke to the Wisconsin Democratic chair, Ben Winkler, he said that Ben Wickler, he said that that was likely completely unlawful.


You see here, the headline from the Associated Press, Musk announces $1 million for Wisconsin voter in Supreme Court race opposition calls it corrupt. Just to remind you who Brad Shimmel, the MAGA Doge candidate is he dressed up as Donald Trump for Halloween. He would wear shirts like this at Trump Boat parades. Jesus is my savior, Trump is my president. Here's a video of Brad Shimmel talking about how Donald Trump called him and knows about the race here Play this clip. Him adding his voice to this will help me to get my message out to voters of Wisconsin about restoring objectivity to the Wisconsin Supreme Court.


And that is the plain clear message. I know there's a lot of questions about this or that in, in the end, that is the bottom line. Courts go back to administering the law, not politics. What Did you offer to him in return? Absolutely not. Now. This was Elon Musk over the weekend in Green Bay where he was handing out million dollar checks and other checks to people if they would vote or register to vote or took photos of themselves near voting locations. Here. He said that it will be an end of civilization, a humanity ending event. He says, if Brad Shimmel lost and Judge Crawford wins here, Play this clip.


It's Just how important it is. They think it, it's, well, it's just, you know, some kind of judicial thing that's not that important. But it actually, what they're doing, what what's happening on Tuesday is a vote for the, the which party controls the us how to House of Representatives. That is why it is soon so significant and whichever party controls the house, you know, it, it, it to a significant degree controls the country, which then steers the course of Western civilization. So it's like, I, I feel like this is one of those things that, that may not seem that it's gonna affect the entire destiny of humanity, but I Think it will.


Pressure. Yeah. Here was Donald Trump just this past week. Donald Trump from the Oval Office. Then Kid Rock was by his side as well, telling people to vote for Brad Shimel from the Oval Office. You don't get much more corrupt than that. Play this clip. What's your message to the people of Wisconsin though, who you know, you know, don't know? I mean, you know, pe some people are like, wait a minute, Supreme Court races, people run for this seat. You know, a lot of people don't even know, like, like that. I know a lot of people in Wisconsin are paying attention when it happens in your state. They start to pay attention often closer. And I know that people are starting to vote already.


So what, what do you say to them? Listen to what he says. You know, listen to his words. And he is talked about begging on his knees for campaign contributions wearing out his knee pads. He's saying that he wants to be on the court to be part of Donald Trump's support network. You know, he, you just gotta listen to what the guy says. He wants to be on the court to push a partisan agenda. He wants to be there to support Elon Musk and to support Donald Trump and Doge. And that's really not what the court's for. And I've said over and over, I'm, I wanna be on the court to protect the people of Wisconsin under our constitution and laws. Brad Schell's got a whole different agenda, But folks, as I mentioned, the pro-democracy law and order, judge, judge Susan Crawford will go on to win.


I had the opportunity to speak to Judge Crawford. We had her on the Midas Touch Podcast multiple, multiple times. She was an incredible guest. Let me share with you just one of those clips from the interview that I had recently with Judge Susan Crawford here Play this clip. Well, it's, it's a big race, Supreme Court race in Wisconsin. It's taking place essentially as we, as you know, as early voting. So we'll see what happens. It's a big race. I love Wisconsin. We won Wisconsin. Republicans typically don't do very well in Wisconsin, but I did.


I actually won it twice. I actually probably won it three times to be exact. We played their son, not probably, I won it three times. We had a rigged election the second time. But that's, you know, one of those things. We had to make this one too big to rig as he, would you agree with that, Brian? Too big to rig. Yes sir. Yes sir. So anyway, but yeah, there's a big race and I hope you get out of vote for the Republican. The woman is a radical left Luna. Now, there were other races as well in Florida, Florida special elections there. The Democratic candidates did not win. However, they closed the gap on plus 30 Trump districts and made these races very, very close.


As our editor-in-Chief Ron Philip Kowski explains, Mike Walls won the Florida six Congressional district seat six months ago by 33 points. Trump won this district by 30 points, and this was within about a 10 point race, closing the gap by about 20 points. Of course, unfortunate that the Democrats and the pro-democracy candidates lost, but picking up and closing the ground by 20 points is not a awful result. You take a look at what went down in Florida's first congressional district where Matt Gates had previously beat gay valmont six months ago by 32 points.


Jimmy Patronus only won by about 14 or so points, and Valmont actually flipped an area that had, I don't think had ever gone democratic it since what? 1960. Escambia County, Escambia County, since 1960. So Democrats were making up ground there. Those were very, very tough seats. But the big news of the night that Wisconsin race, the right wing podcast bros, the right wing MAGA machine went all in on that. The MAGA Republican congress members, the MAGA Republican machine, Donald Trump getting humiliated in Wisconsin this evening.


A great result for democracy. Folks, thank you for watching. Thanks for getting the word out as well. And thank you to Judge Susan Crawford for coming on the show and, and, and sharing with us how important this race was. Everybody hit subscribe here. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus SUBSTACK for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.