
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook. Gambling problem Call one 800 GAMBLER.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantisx X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes. And you could be next with Mantisx X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself and ammo savings alone as a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


As Donald Trump continues to look like a complete and utter fool. It's yet another morning of ranting and raving like a lunatic in all caps posts. And he's now saying that this consensus framework, whatever the heck you wanna call it with China, actually the United States is imposing 55% tariffs against China and they are imposing only 10% tariffs against the us. Donald Trump acts like that's a victory. Yay. We're taxing the American people 55%, basically making Chinese goods unaffordable to bring into the United States while China is smartly not taxing its own people.


And didn't they say yesterday that it was gonna be the same 30% I, who even knows what the hell Trump is doing with these tariffs? Here's Trump's post all, all caps, our deal with China is done subject to final approval with President Xi and me. Pause there. It actually should be subject to final approval of Congress. Who has the tariff power? But let's be clear, Donald Trump is an idiotic dictator. And so this is what you'd expect him to say. Full magnets and any necessary rare earths will be supplied upfront by China. Pause there. That's what was taking place before you tariff the world.


I like that. He goes, this is a victory. We're gonna to get what we were getting before the trade war against the world. And then I caved because China withheld rare earth minerals and then all of our technology companies were about to go bankrupt. So we immediately had Treasury Secretary Scott Bestin Bessant and trade representative Jameson Greer cave. 'cause Trump always chickens out. Dude, you're claiming a victory for the status quo before your trade war. I mean, again, the international community is laughing in this idiot's face right now. He goes on to say, likewise we will provide to China what was agreed to including Chinese students using our colleges and universities, which has always been good with me.


Exclamation point, I mean, always been good with you. You were the one who tried to put an end to that. So again, the status quo, exactly what existed before the arsonist lit the world on fire and created chaos that is lingering and has jeopardized, not even jeopardized, crush the United States power in the world. Then Trump goes, we are getting a total of 55% tariffs. China's getting 10% Relationship is excellent exclamation point. Thank you for your attention to this matter. Thank you for your attention to this matter. A Spencer Ian says, so the deal was reached in London was that our consumers and businesses now get to pay 55% taxes instead of 30%. Then Donald Trump goes adding to the China readout.


President Xi and I are going to work closely together to open up China to American trade. This would be a great win for both countries. Dude, China is open to American trade. What freaking world is this idiot living in? China's open to American trade. Europe is open to American trade. We have free trade with the world. I don't even know what era you are living in and your cognitively adult malignant, narcissistic, idiotic lack of a brain of yours. Then he posts this CPI talking about inflation. CPI just out great numbers. Fed should lower one full point, would pay much less interest on debt coming due.


So important exclamation point. I like how he's celebrating the fact that inflation rose 2.4% in May on an annual basis. So it rose less than expected. The report was not as bad as people expected. So I guess baby Trump deserves a round of applause. Yay. It's not quite as bad as it expected as we expected it was gonna be a big win for Donald. Not as bad as expected. Let's take a look at what the Wall Street Journal previously said about this data. So just so you know, this is what the Wall Street Journal said. Economists raised questions about the quality of US inflation data article June 4th.


Labor Department says staffing shortages reduced its ability to conduct its massive monthly survey. Okay, well that's a data point. How about what JP Morgan says right here? We still think it may be early to see signs of sizable pass through of tariffs into consumer prices and look for firmer readings by the summer months. In other words, even though inflation is still rising, it's not rising as much as people expected. We're gonna be waiting for the summer months to really get a handle on what's going on. And if you wanna take a look at what another bank Citigroup is doing, Citigroup is set to put aside hundreds of millions of dollars more than it did last quarter to account for potential losses on loans and early sign that the biggest US banks may be bracing for deteriorating economic health given the macro environment, et cetera.


Cost of credit compared to last quarter, we expect to be up a few hundred million says Citigroups Citigroup's, head of banking. Now what is Howard Lutnick? Donald Trump's scammy. They're all scammy. Commerce secretary have to say. So when are you gonna do these deals? Lutnick? You said there were gonna be 90 deals in 90 days, we're almost in July. The 90 days is up. You've done zero deals in 90 days. So nut L tell us nut L what's the update? Play the clip. You guys have set the, the deadline for early July to have more trade deals. We're we're expecting more to come.


What can you tell us about the progress of, of any of the ones you're working on? We thought Japan, India, we're close. We got this framework from the uk. But what else is in? What else is coming there? Oh, there are so many coming, but when you've got Scott Jameson and I spending, you know, 25 hours and locked in a room with the Chinese, we're not really doing the other deals. Yes, our teams are moving them forward, but you know, now we're gonna be focused. Starting today, we're gonna be focused on other deals. We're gonna get them done. We, we are in good shape with lots of countries, but good shape isn't good enough for the United States of America. We want great deals that are fundamental for America. We can get them, We can get them done.


Dude looks like the, if I asked chat GPD, draw me a snake oil salesman and animated it, it would be what I literally just showed you. We're doing so much deals, the biggest beautiful deals you ever seen, the biggest beautiful deals ever. There's gonna be a deal today, a deal yesterday. You know how hard I worked. I was negotiating with China. What did you negotiate with China? Somewhat of the status quo regarding rare earth minerals before your trade war against the world. What a victory by Howard Lu for Donald Trump. 55% tax on Americans importing Chinese. What in the world are you even talking about?


By the way, Donald Trump was asked by this interviewer, this dropped earlier. Are you going to arrest Gavin Newsom? Play this clip. Are you Gonna arrest Gavin Newsom? Well, he's not doing a good job, you know, arrest. What does that mean? He's not doing a good job. Charge him. Well, in theory you could, I guess. You know, it's almost like a, a dissipation of duty. Nobody's ever seen anything like that.


As you know, I'm a dad and well, I've just been having the greatest time ever. Here's the thing, I never knew just how important it was. What we give our children. Typical children's vitamins are basically candy in disguise. They're filled with two teaspoons of sugar, unhealthy chemicals and other gummy junk that growing kids should never eat. That's why HIA was created. The pediatrician approved superpower chewable vitamin. Now, while most children's vitamins are filled with five grams of sugar and can contribute to a variety of health issues, Haya is made with zero sugar and zero gummy junk. Yet it tastes great and is perfect for picky eaters. Haya fills in the most important common gaps in modern children's diets to provide the full body nourishment that our kids need with a yummy taste that they love formulated. With the help of nutritional experts, Haya is pressed with a blend of 12 organic fruits and veggies, then supercharged with 15 essential vitamins and minerals, including vitamin D, B12 C, zinc, folate, and many others to help support immunity, energy, brain function, mood, concentration, teeth, bones, and more. It's non GMO, vegan, dairy free allergy free gelatin free nut free and everything else you can imagine. HIA is designed for kids of all ages and sent straight to your door. So parents have one less thing to worry about. Like I said, I'm a dad and I wanna make sure that I give my child the best possible vitamins. And that's why I'm so happy to have come across HIA Health. The ingredients are amazing and I don't have to worry about sugar or gummy junk because HIA Health is made without that stuff and it's able to keep the great taste. Now we've worked out a special deal with HIA for their best selling children's vitamin. Receive 50% off your first order now to claim this deal, you must go to HIA health.com/midas. Now this deal is not available on their regular website. Go to H-I-Y-A-H-E-A LT h.com/midas and get your kids the full body nourishment they need to grow into healthy adults.


And by the way, shout out to California governor Gavin Newsom, who's been standing up to Donald Trump. Might as touch network had the exclusive on YouTube of Governor Newsom's incredible address to the state and the nation looked incredibly presidential last night. But hey Donald, before you start all of your bloviating blabbering, I'm gonna arrest you. I'm gonna arrest you. You may want to, I don't know, get the National Guards a pillow and a bed when you send them to basically be at war with Americans when you federalize the National Guard, in my view, very unlawfully as the San Francisco Chronicle page one report.


We talked about this yesterday as well. When they broke the news, deployed troops, unprepared soldiers sent to LA lack the basic necessities, they were only able to operationalize also a few hundred of these National Guard troops. And they basically put 'em to guard buildings. And the LAPD basically had to guard them. The, the whole thing was so bizarre. Oh, have you, have you heard this as well? This is Trump's America. So ICE and Customs and Border Protection, they're now hired as the security for the Club World Cup Games.


The FIFA Club World Cup kicks off Saturday at the Hard Rock Stadium with Inter Miami playing a team from Egypt. The Department of Homeland Security announced that ICE and CBP personnel would be at the game providing security, which raised questions among some who are wondering if the federal agents are just gonna be part of the overall security team, which is normal for a big event. I don't actually think that's normal at all. Or will they be checking papers and detaining fans arriving for the game? I just wanna fact check this article by six South Florida right there because I think it's helpful that they're shining a light on this. I've never gone to a sporting event and had the security be ice agents and custom and border protection.


Okay, you know what the security is usually like at a sporting event. Private security that works at the stadium and that's about it. I understand in sometimes higher profile games, you may have additional enhancements, but I've never seen ice agents running security. The Department of Homeland Security though wants you to know that Christie Nome, the dog killer cosplay. She's very, very busy. Here she is. This is a video they released today and it's just like minutes of her signing papers. Like that's, that's what the video is. Play this clip.


And finally we take you to State Regime Media Fox. And this is what they're telling their viewers today. They're promoting the Trump Dictator Parade. It's gonna be so patriotic. Everybody come out and be there. It's gonna be the most patriotic event. Donald Trump, the dictator is gonna look like Kim Jong-Un or Vladimir Putin as tanks roll through Washington DC and we lie that it's only gonna cost $45 million. It's gonna be quite the spectacle here in the United States. President Trump will host a parade this weekend to mark the 250th anniversary of the Army. And those are your headlines, guys, back over to you. Also, they, It was not President Trump's idea with the parade for his birthday.


No, no. It was put up last time by General Jewel Biden. I'm so glad you brought it up today. And the Army was the one that suggested having this parade. Yeah, they're trying to say, 'cause his birthday's on Saturday and the parade's on Saturday. He's doing this for his birthday. It's gonna be patriotic and wonderful. Who doesn't like a military, period? Come on, it's also Flag Day. Yes. Yep. Great. For the country. It's 17 minutes after. It's now 18 minutes after the top of the hour. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's, let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Can't get Enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcast, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Support American made tariff Free clothing with American Giant. With American Giant, they aren't affected by tariffs because their clothing products never left. The US get 20% off your first order when you use promo code Staple twenty@americangiant.com.