
When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine thanks to our intellectual property system or IP For short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at PhRMA dot org slash ip works wonders.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it, Guaranteed or your money back, Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock, save up to 40% in your first year. Visit LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms. Apply


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year. Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com. Today,


The fact that Donald Trump as a convicted felon was elected is actually not unique to the Republican Party in this election cycle. There have been other felons who have been found criminally responsible for serious crimes, people who have pled guilty, who have been elected in other states as well. For example, in Monroe County, a commissioner who was elected there pled guilty to serious felony drug charges. In Indiana, a republican who won a county seat has pled guilty to sexually assaulting his own daughter, a guy by the name of John Jessop and in Missouri, they are introducing a law the Republicans are, it's called the Trump law to allow felons to run for office in the state of Missouri.


So the fact that Trump as a convicted felon was elected, that's now par for the course for MAGA Republicans and they are normalizing it and encouraging it in their laws as well. The same way they are passing these abortion laws to take away women's right to choose. They're also passing pro felon laws to allow individuals who say sexually assault their own daughters to run for office and win. I'm not making this stuff up, folks. Let's go to what? Let's go to Indiana first. Take a look at this article from the guardian Republican who won county seat pleads guilty to sexually assaulting his own daughter, John Jessop, to resign as commissioner in Hancock, Indiana and faces prison after guilty plea over incident in Las Vegas.


And while this was all known to the Republican voters, they voted for this guy anyway, who pled guilty to sexually assaulting his own daughter in Las Vegas. I'm gonna show you what went down in Monroe, Michigan as well in just a moment, but let's take a look at this story. First days after winning elected office, a Republican politician in Indiana pled guilty to trying to sexually assault his own daughter in Las Vegas and now must resign his position. John Jessop, the commissioner of Hancock, Indiana, was charged in Nevada in June in connection with a sexual assault that occurred in January, reported the local Greenfield daily reporters newspaper and KLAS, but he remained in office as county commissioner.


He ran as a Republican for the seat on the Hancock Council after people knew the allegations against him, a distinct elected body, and he emerged as one of the victors after collecting about 15,000 votes. Records show that Jessup 49 pled guilty in Nevada court on November 13th to attempted sexual assault, which is a kind of felony that can carry multiple years in prison. According to state law law, Indiana prohibits convicted felons from serving in state or local elected offices. Though a decisive majority of its voters on November 5th helped vault Donald Trump to a second US presidency just months after Trump was convicted of felonies.


Therefore, Jessup must resign unlike Trump, who has also faced multimillion dollar civil penalties for a rape allegation that a judge determined to be substantially true. That's why now in these Republican states, like in Missouri, they are enacting laws to allow people like Jessop to run for office even if they are felons, say convicted of sexually assaulting their own daughters. It goes on to say Jessup on Monday told the guardian that he must fill out certain paperwork before he can step down. The county council chair had mailed him those papers, but they had not immediately arrived, said Jessup, who is awaiting a sentencing hearing tentatively scheduled for April.


According to what Jess told the daily reporter, he was prepared for prosecutors to argue that he deserves between eight and 20 years in prison. Jessup reportedly said his attorneys were going to seek a sentence of probation. Quote, it's been my greatest honor serving the people of Hancock County and I'm deeply ashamed and profoundly sorry for the shame I brought to the county. Jessup told the daily reporter an affidavit obtained and reported on by the outlet said Jessop's criminal charges came after he flew to Las Vegas with a woman in January. The affidavit did not identify the woman, but in an article on Tuesday, the daily reporter wrote that Jessup was charged with assaulting his youngest daughter, Rachel, on a trip to Las Vegas intended to celebrate her 21st birthday.


I never dreamed it would've ended up the way it did. Rachel Jessop reportedly told the outlet, multiple witnesses allegedly told authorities that John Jessop got Rachel, his daughter intoxicated, allegedly as Jessop repeatedly said, the slogan what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. She became so intoxicated she needed a wheelchair to get back to her hotel room there. She said she recalled showering while clothed and her next recollection was waking up naked as Jessop her dad sexually assaulted her. Authorities wrote in the affidavit cited by the daily reporter. It should be noted as well in states like Indiana, based on the abortion bans in their states, you would also not be able to get abortion care in situations like this.


In many red states, the woman reported the assault to police in just a few days in authorities arrested him in Indiana in June before extraditing him to Nevada. According to the Daily Reporter, during an interview with investigators, Jess acknowledged that he fucked up and spoke of suicide, yet also said he had not done anything criminal. Jessup posted a $100,000 bond to await the outcome of the case against him under house arrest in Las Vegas area, and a statement to the Indiana news outlet, a Republican party official in Hancock County, denied that her organization had any role in Jessup's case until the legal process concludes or he resigns.


In other words, the Republican party was like, I guess it's just gonna have to be up to him to resign. We have no, we're not involved in that decision. We take no position. Rachel Jessop now 22 years old, told the daily reporter she was disappointed. Voters elected her father despite the charges against him. She reportedly said she spoke out publicly because I want it known it's okay to come forward, and while it's hard, it's good to share what happened. She also discussed her plans to pursue graduate level degree work in social work. Hancock County is part of a region that includes Indianapolis, the state capital.


It has a population of about $80,000, so I mean 80,000 people. So the purpose here of sharing that one story with you as well is that when you sing, how could this be? They elected Donald Trump. This is what they're doing to Republicans across the country as they've been radicalized to this Taliban style, okay, with sexually assaulting behavior. It's horrific. By the way, we wish the victim well and you know, we're so sorry for what happened to you. It's absolutely horrific. We wish you well in your graduate studies. All right, let's go to Michigan in the Republican area of Monroe County who elected a convict, and here the Republican convicted felon is going to be serving his term as an elected official from behind bars.


He pled guilty. He's receiving an 18 month sentence for renting out land to an area that illegally grew marijuana and was selling it against the law there pled guilty, but said, but ran while a convicted felon was elected with 90% of the vote after being a convicted felon and will be doing his job from behind bars. Here's the article, newly elected county commissioner Mark Brandt says he's eager to serve his constituents in Monroe County, Michigan, but first he has to serve time. Brant is scheduled to report to federal prison in Morgantown, West Virginia on Friday making this a Thanksgiving.


He will always remember, even if he'd rather forget, Brant was sentenced to 18 months in a federal prison, fined 500,000 and agreed to give up more than $300,000 to the Feds found in his Monroe home after he pled guilty to maintaining a drug involved premises. It goes on to say that he was elected in 2012. He basically hid from the other commissioners what was going on, but it says this Republican was still elected with a staggering 90% of the vote. His popularity contributed to his decisive victory, but he also benefited from running in a district that so overwhelmingly Republican that no Democrat dared challenge him by trying to get on the ballot before the filing deadline in April, and to the fact that Brant had been elected three times before and that most folks had no idea he was in the Fed's crosshairs, but apparently didn't care at all.


He goes on to say, while I'm gone, he goes in jail, he goes, prison, my phone will be available. I have somebody who will be taking my messages and my fellow board members have all volunteered to handle all of my constituent concerns that I won't be able to handle. As for his salary of about $15,000, bran said he had no choice by law, I have to take the payment while I'm in prison while I'm not there. So he's gonna be making money while in prison as well.


Let's face it, after night with drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. Hey, I gotta be honest with myself, right? It feels like I have to choose between having a great night or a great next day. That is until I found pre-cool Zbiotics. Pre-cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your rough. Next day, pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. Just remember to make Zbiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I have PREA alcohol before drinks, I notice a difference the next day. For example, after a fun night out with friends at like a local bar or wherever we go, I could still get up the next morning and hit the gym, and I'll admit I was skeptical at first, but I tried it at a dinner party with some friends, and the next morning I felt great, ready to tackle the day, ready to do more videos here at the Midas Touch Network. I kept hearing about pre-cool and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I get the Hype Plus with their GMO technology, Zbiotics is continuing to create probiotics that tackle the challenges of modern living. Go to Zbiotics dot com slash Midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use code Midas at checkout, Zbiotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So If you are unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to Zbiotics dot com slash midas and use that code Midas. It's M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off.


Finally, let's go to the state of Missouri. Proposed Trump law seeks to allow felons to run for office in Missouri, and this is the type of laboratory for autocracy. My friend David Pepper talks about where they are cooking these horrific things to say, look, we're the pro felon party. Now let's call this law the Trump law for real. This is what they're calling it. The Trump law says, if you're a felon, you should be able to run for political office. A Missouri representative is proposing a repeal of state law that currently prevents citizens with a felony history from running for a local and state office Republican. It's a Republican, of course, representative Michael Davis of belt in a suburb of Kansas City, pre-filed house Bill three 18 on December 3rd, the bill named the Donald J. Trump Election Qualification Act would make it possible for those who have been guilty of a felony charge to run in a Missouri office, if otherwise qualified.


While Missouri allows convicted felons to vote after completing their sentence and to run for federal office, it prohibits them from becoming candidates for local and state offices. Davis calls this discrepancy within the qualifications of running for different offices. I believe that we should punish those who do wrong, but once they've completed the terms, we should allow individuals to reintegrate into society. They are citizens, they have the ability to work and pay taxes, and one of the aspects of being a citizen is being represented by your government and deciding who should be, who should be, who should represent you. Then it goes on to talk about Donald Trump's felony conviction.


So let's be clear, folks, this is who the Republican Party is now. This is going on across the country. They're electing felons while they go and say they're the party of family values. And while the evangelicals support them, they, they are electing people who, who have pled guilty to sexually assaulting their own daughter. I mean, just think about that while then also passing abortion bans to prevent access to reproductive healthcare. And you see these men who are pushing these laws, what's actually going on behind the scenes as well, and it's despicable and disgusting, and something that we need to call out and we will call out here on the Midas Touch Network.


Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.