
What's new from Apple? There's the new iPhone 16 Pro built for Apple intelligence, and it comes with the all new camera control, giving you an easier way to quickly access your camera tools. The new Apple Watch series 10 has our biggest display in our thinnest design ever, and this, it's the sound of active noise cancellation now available on one of two new AirPods four models. So quiet, check out all of the new products and new features@apple.com. You can even buy yourself something new. See apple.com for product availability updates. Apple Intelligence coming this fall.


Ryan Reynolds here for I guess my hundredth mint commercial. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah. Honestly, when I started this, I thought I only have to do like four of these. I mean, it's unlimited to premium wireless for $15 a month. How are there still people paying two or three times that much? I'm sorry, I shouldn't be victim blaming here. Give it a try at mid mobile.com/save. Whenever you're ready. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only. Taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes C details.


Whoa. Landing an account this big will totally change my landscaping business. It's gonna mean hiring more guys and more equipment and new trucks for the new guys to drive the new equipment in. Huh? don? Don't know if I'm ready. You can do this. And Ford ProfIn Simple can help. Our experts are ready to make growing pains less painful for your business. With flexible financing solutions that meet the needs of your business today when you need them, get started at ford pro.com/financing.


Feel your max with Brooks Running and the all new Ghost Max two. They're the shoes you deserve. Designed to streamline your stride and help protect your body. Treat yourself to feel good landings on an ultra high stack of super comfy nitrogen infused cushion that takes the edge off every step, every day. The Brooks Ghost Max too. You know, technically they're a form of self-care. Brooks, let's run there. Head to brooks running.com to learn more.


Pain means pause on the things you love, but green means go Cool the pain with Biofreeze. Powerful pain relief for sore muscles and joints, simple back ache, arthritis strains, sprains, and bruises, Biofreeze, fast acting menthol pain relief. Visit biofreeze.com. The number one clinician recommended menthol topical pain relief brand based on a survey of clinicians, chiropractors, podiatrists, massage therapists, physical therapists, retail pharmacists, and athletic trainers. Ipsos Clinician Survey use as directed


Donald Trump is getting absolutely shredded by Vice President Kamala Harris's ad game. She's got some of the best ad makers in the game. On Friday, she released three new ads. They're so powerful. They're targeting swing states. Let me show you the first one. Let's play it. When Kel Warriors stormed Ukraine, Keith's church Bells rang a night warning. They rang again when Ukrainians rallied for democracy. Today they warning the world of Putin's threat to freedom. Yet Donald Trump embraces Putin, Not like Putin. He likes me. He picked JD Vance. I don't really care what happens to Ukraine, But Kamala Harris cares.


She knows standing up to Putin keeps America safe. Now you'll note that ad is like a remake of the famous 1964 Daisy Girl ad put out by Lyndon b Johnson in the landslide victory over Barry Goldwater. Powerful stuff. Here's the next ad that Vice President Kamala Harris released exposing Donald Trump's weakness on foreign policy and obsequiousness to Vladimir Putin and contrasting it to her support of Ukraine. Let's play it. Centuries ago, as invaders marched from the east, a Polish watchman blew his trumpet to warn his people. Today, freedom loving polls and Ukrainians are warning us of a new threat.


Donald Trump encouraged Putin to attack our allies. No, I would not protect you. In fact, I would encourage them to do whatever the hell they want, But Kamala Harris has heard the trumpet call. She'll defend our brave allies for their freedom and for ours. Here is the third ad that vice President Kamala Harris released on Friday. Let's play it. Mr. Gorbachev teared down this war And when one man is enslaved, all are not free. American presidents, Republican and Democrat have always defied Russia's communist dictators and defended American ideals. Kamala Harris gets this.


If we stand by while an aggressor invades its neighbor with impunity, they will keep going. Kamala Harris will stand up to Putin, protect our allies and keep us safe. Following the debate on Tuesday where Donald Trump was defeated handily by Vice President Kamala Harris, she released the following ad as well. I think it's really well done. Just uses what was said at the debate. Here's what their positions are. Here play this clip. I wanna Turn to the issue of abortion. For 52 years, they've been trying to get Roe v Wade into the states. I did a great service in doing it. It took courage to do it, and the Supreme Court had great courage in doing it.


I have talked with women around our country. You wanna talk about this is what people wanted, pregnant women who want to carry a pregnancy to term suffering from a miscarriage being denied care in an emergency room because the healthcare providers are afraid they might go to jail and she's bleeding out in a car in the parking lot. She didn't want that. Her husband didn't want that. A 12 or 13-year-old survivor of incest being forced to carry a pregnancy to turn, they don't want that. I think the American people believe that certain freedoms in particular, the freedom to make decisions about one's own body should not be made by the government.


I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message. Yeah, I thought that was a really strong ad. Leading up to the debate, vice President Kamala Harris released the number of ads also that I just thought were, you know, a plus as someone who used to make ads. I just think they're really powerful stuff. Here was the one that she put out leading up to the debate, talking about how Donald Trump doesn't have the support of his own former closest advisors. Let's watch this one. Let's play it. In 2016, Donald Trump said he would choose only the best people to work in his White House. Now those people have a warning for America. Trump is not fit to be president again. Here's his vice president. Anyone who puts himself over the constitution should never be president of the United States.


It should come as no surprise that I will not be endorsing Donald Trump this year Is defense Secretary. Do you think Trump Can be trusted with the nation's secrets ever again? No. I mean, it's just irresponsible action that places our service members at risk, places our nation's security at risk. His national security advisor, Donald Trump, Will cause a lot of damage. The only thing he cares about is Donald Trump and the nation's highest ranking military officer. We Don't take an oath to a king or queen. We're a tyrant or a dictator, and we don't take an oath to a wannabe dictator. Take it from the people who knew him best. Donald Trump is a danger to our troops and our democracy. We can't let him lead our country.


Again, I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message. Here's another ad that her campaign team put out that I think is again, just a plus. I mean, all of these ads have just been very, very powerful. Let's play it. The American people want a president who understands the importance of bringing us together. People don't leave my rallies. They Know we have so much more in common than what separates us. People don't go to her rallies And we can chart a new way forward. We have the biggest rallies, the most incredible rallies in the history of politics. I intend to be a president for all Americans.


It's time is tough to keep track of all the transactions we make every month. Did you know that the average American makes around 70 payments per month? Honestly, I couldn't even guess how much I was spending until I started using Rocket Money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that empowers you to save more, spend less, and take control of your financial life. With Rocket Money, you could see all of your checking, savings, credit cards and investments all in one convenient place, allowing you to understand your spending trends. Rocket Money could help you set up a custom budget by identifying top spending categories and suggesting areas where you could adjust your spending habits. They'll calculate your monthly spending allowance and alert you when you're close to going over budget so you could save more and spend less. I was shocked to see how much I was spending on my phone bill. A rack of money helped me make the right decision for my finances. They also have a goals feature that automatically saves money for you, so you don't even have to think about it. Whether your goal is to pay off credit card debt, save up for a house, or just keep more money in your pocket, Rocket Money makes it easy. And here's the kicker. Rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower bills for you sometimes by up to 20% saving money on your cable and cell phone bill without the hassle, that's a win. Rocket Money has over 5 million happy members and has save users over $1 billion across all their apps features. That's 1 billion with a B. Let Rocket Money help you reach your financial goals faster. Get Rocket Money today at Rocket Money dot com slash midas touch. That's Rocket Money dot com slash midas. Touch Rocket Money dot com slash midas. Touch. M-E-I-D-A-S-T-O-U-C-H.


I wanna highlight some other ad makers as well who are doing a really good job. On Friday, the Lincoln Project put out a new ad talking about what that feeling was like that day in November when people learned that Donald Trump had won in November of 2016 and making sure that that day does not happen again. This is the latest from the Lincoln Project play this one. I'll never forget that feeling. Waking up that November day in 2016 and learning that Donald Trump would be the next president of the United States. I remember the overwhelming grief. I remember the women's marches across the country. I didn't know that on that November day that he would be responsible for the death of more than a million Americans through the mismanagement of a pandemic.


I didn't imagine on that morning that he would incite so much hate and division in this nation that white nationalists would proudly march in the streets and his followers would try to overthrow my government. I couldn't know. He would appoint Supreme Court justices who would end my rights to my own healthcare decisions, thus ensuring my daughters have less rights than their grandmothers had. I didn't know what he was capable of on that day, but I know now we Trust women to make decisions about their own body and not let their government tell them what to do. Vote your values, your country, your future, your rights are on the ballot.


Yeah, they call that ad that morning. Here's another one recently from the Lincoln Project. I thought this was very powerful. Let's play it. You lost Donald Bigley Bigley. He lost the debate. The worst debate performance in history. Even Fox can't defend you. Oh my God. Lindsey Graham called it a disaster. Your team depressed, freaked out. Kamala owned you. Donald. Trump was Fired, told the truth about your little crowds, called out your stupid lies. You're beating the pets. You kept taking the bait and she kept winning. People are saying, you should get out. Give up. She's better than you. You keep bragging about how smart you are. It's concepts of a plan, but that debate was a test, a cognitive test, and you failed.


Here's a third one from the Lincoln Project that I really enjoy. Let's play it. Vice President Harris was clearly well prepared, practiced on the offensive much of the night. Former President Trump did take a lot of the bait that she threw out. She did So well and Trump did so poorly that they wanna do that all over again. I can't get behind somebody who maybe I agree with certain policies on, but their character is atrocious and lacks complete leadership. She conveyed the calm she, she conveyed a Preparation Vice President Harris clearly won the debate in terms of her delivery, her polish and her preparation.


The Moment of the debate, if there was one, I think was, was when she baited him on the rallies, People saw, oh, actually she's an intelligent, capable person who has a point of view on issues. And she, she demonstrated that time and again, She was composed, she was prepared. She kept her cool. She saw advantages. She took them Donald. Trump looked old tonight. Yeah. This is the difference between someone who's well prepared and someone who's unprepared. Whoever did debate prep for Donald, Trump should be fired. Truly a a difficult night.


I wanna share with you some of the shorts that we did here at the Midas Touch Network. You know one of them, a series that we've been doing is focusing on Donald Trump's steep cognitive decline, and we did one on his steep cognitive decline. Then we did one on his malignant narcissism. Let me show you the first one here. Play it. And my stupid people, when I wanted to refute it, they said, sir, don't dignify it with a refu. Have you been noticing peculiar behavior recently in someone you know Carried by Someone who mixes fiction and reality?


The late great Hannibal Lecter, he is a wonderful man. Perhaps Someone of advanced age. You have known for years. Did You just see Maduro Venezuela, though it's a unbelievable Venezuelan. Of course, we all have our goofs, but consistently odd behavior can be a sign of frontotemporal dementia, a degenerative disease of the frontal and temporal lobes of the brain that dramatically impairs cognitive function. And there are some key signs to look out for, like slurring words, Failing New York Times by Anom. Really an anonymous, Struggling to find the correct words is another sign.


The Mueller report, I wish covered the oranges, the oranges, or the oranges of the investigation. You may also notice someone veering into incoherent ideas detached from reality. You know what I'd do if there was a shark or you get electrocuted? I'll take electrocution every single time. I'm not getting near the shark Or an inability to complete simple sentences. Saudi Arabia and Russia will repeat. Other notable symptoms include impaired motor function such as a wavering limb and decreased balance, often accompanied by a signature, lean or arched stance.


If someone you know is demonstrating several or all of these symptoms, they are seriously unwell as a matter of safety. They must be relieved of critical responsibilities and disqualified from any position of authority. Remember, frontotemporal dementia is a degenerative disease. Cognitive function will never return and will only deteriorate further. Don't ignore the signs. And now let me show you the next one. Play it.


We will be creating so much electricity that you'll be saying, please, please, president, we don't want any more electricity. We can't stand it. You'll be begging me no more electricity. Sir, As someone you're thinking of hiring, promising things that sound too good to be true. I could stop wars with a telephone call. Do their facts and figures not add up Actually beyond the number of a hundred percent. It's a much higher number than that. But Does the candidate seem self-absorbed? People Have come up to me and they say, sir, thank you sir. Thank you, sir. I want to thank you. You've made me a hero to my wife and to my family. In all likelihood you've encountered the malignant narcissist. Malignant narcissism is a severe personality disorder that pairs the self-absorbed behavior of narcissists with the unfeeling manipulation of sociopaths.


Unlike those who simply enjoy recognition from their peers, the malignant narcissist is driven by a desire to dominate for personal gain. And there are red flags you can look out for. Like, do they have an unrealistic view of their own importance? I have been the best president for the black population since Abraham Lincoln. Do they only regard other people as tools for personal gain? I don't care about you, I just want your vote. I don't care. Do they lack empathy even for children? Actually, I was only kidding. You can get the baby outta here. I, I think she might believe me that I love having a baby crying while I'm speaking. Do they speak with an excessive use of superlatives?


Who are the best and who are the worst? Best? The worst, biggest, biggest, biggest. Lowest. Best, best. I find it to be about the worst. If the candidate you're interviewing exhibits some or all of these red flags, trust your instincts and show them the door Your organization deserves. An employee that can lead with integrity and respect. Stay vigilant. Look for the red flags Now. And that reminds me a lot of the ad that the Antis psychopath pack run by George Conway recently made. Here's the ad that Conway did. I think it's really strong. Let's play it. Donald Trump has never ever been right in The head.


The late great Hannibal Lecter. He's a wonderful man. An anoma. Really an anoma. And then they announced there was no's not. Take a look at the oranges. The oranges of the investigation. Venezuela though, it's a, if you have a windmill anywhere near your house, they say the noise causes cancer. Oh, I don't know what I said. All, all criminal. They have voter id, they have ID on everything. You buy a loaf of bread, you have ID the first non-incumbent. The kidney has a very special place in the heart. We appreciate it very much.


Tim Apple injection inside or, or almost a cleaner that an illegal Learn more@psychopath.org. Antis Psychopath Pack Inc. Is responsible for the content of this advertising. I think one of the most powerful ads that's playing over and over again right now is the one created by the Republican voters against Trump Group. They're doing such a good job. They've got billboards everywhere. Sharing former Trump voter stories about why they're no longer voting for 'em. We, we love doing that here on the Midas Touch Network as well. Their ad is simple. It just shows former Trump voters who are not voting for 'em anymore Here, watch this powerful stuff.


I'm a two-time Trump voter in 2024. I cannot support Donald Trump. Trump is 100% responsible for January 6th, January if his treatment of women, it's Just disgusting. Trump called Service men suckers and losers. If Trump has a second term, it will be Much worse than the first. Kamala Harris is a prosecutor. He's a convicted felon. In 2024, I will be, I will be. I will be proudly voting for Kamala Harris. Republican Accountability. PAC is responsible for the content of this advertising. This one to me is really funny as well. This was post debate vice President Kamala Harris' team using the words of Donald Trump's advisors and then showing his performance and contrasting it to his advisors at the debate.


Let's Play it. What I can tell you is Donald Trump has been preparing for this his entire life. He always is prepared and he's ready to take Kamala Harris head on on, on that stage. So just a yes or no, you still do not have a plan. I have concepts of a plan. President Trump is well prepared for the debate tomorrow night. That is right. He doesn't need traditional debate prep. You have said quote, you lost by a whisker that you quote didn't quite make it, that you came up a little bit short. I said that. Are you now acknowledging that you lost in 2020? No. Don, don't acknowledge that at all. Say that. You said that sarcastically. You know that it was said, oh, we lost by a whisker that was said sarcastically. It's it's imagine like a, a boxer trying to prepare for Floyd Mayweather or Muhammad Ali. They're eating the dogs, the people that came in, they're eating the cats.


They're eating. They're eating the pets of the people that live there. I'll show you a video that we made here at the Midas Touch Network in 2020. Yeah. don don't want you to remember that. We did this one in 2020 and we were told we were being too extreme when we made this video back then where we talked about how women who would be seeking reproductive care in other states would be getting arrested. And we warned about it and we were told we were being too extreme. Watch this. Listen, everything's gonna be okay, right? Just let me do the talking. Okay. Just now. Evening ladies license please.


Where you headed? We were just out for a drive Headed to the border. Oh no, no. We were just going up to the, Hey There. What's your name? Grace. Are you pregnant? Grace step outta the vehicle. She does Not have to Show your hands on the wheel.


And of course where it all began with the Midas Touch network was our video Trump the snake, showing that he is the snake. And I think as you watch all those videos to me, the snake really shows you know who he really was the whole time. Play this clip. Who has heard the poem called The Snake? My father gave me a small loan of a million dollars. Well Documented and severe financial downturn in the past Year. You, you know About sexual predators and things like that? I mean, sure you are One. Alright. It's more than anger, it's hatred. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists down the path along the lake. A tenderhearted woman saw a poor half frozen state.


You'll absolutely love Trump stakes. More Than 150 former students alleged Trump University was a fraud, Persistently illegal conduct at the President's charity. Take me in o tender woman. Take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in o tender woman side, the vicious. But you denounced what happened in 2016. President Putin was extremely strong and powerful in his denial today. He Withheld the money, he withheld the meeting, used it to coerce Ukraine to do these political investigations. The American Embassy and Baghdad under siege. He stroked his pretty skin again and held him tight. The Chinese government awarded Ivanka Trump's brand, seven new trademarks.


Their pack of Griffs, his campaign managers got two condos of Cabri, a yacht, and they're all just fleecing. The campaign That snake gave her a vicious bite. The coronavirus. This is their new hoax. The US now leading the world in death. No, I don't take responsibility at all. This is a great success story. I have saved you by the woman and you've bitten me. Heavens. Why? You know your bite is poisonous and now I'm going to die. We want to terminate healthcare, right? And then I see the disinfectant. Shut up. Silly woman said the reptile with a grin.


You knew damn well I was a stake before you took me in. There you have it folks. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.