
I'm James McComb reporting live from home in my bathrobe and slippers. Tonight we're talking Dunkin Polar peppermint coffee jean's here with the latest jean. Do you copy


The Home with Dunkin is where you wanna be Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request, an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc license 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


You know how Donald Trump would always say, the world is laughing at us Putin, president Xi are laughing at us when they actually were not. They were fearful of the fact that President Biden had united NATO and the free world. Well, now the world is actually laughing at the United States and Donald Trump has fallen right into Putin's trap, whether willingly or just recklessly. Donald Trump's done the following. Let's just go over it. He's appointed Peter Heif, a Fox Weekend news host who says he doesn't like washing his hands and said he hasn't washed his hands for the past 10 years to be the Secretary of Defense, someone who hasn't had the experience running a lemonade stand.


Granted, he was in the military, but he will now be the Secretary of Defense. Donald Trump has named as Homeland Security Director Christie Nome, the governor of South Dakota, who killed her dog cricket and who lied about going to North Korea. Donald Trump has created a fake cabinet level department on his own without any process or procedure called the Doge Department, and has anointed Elon Musk and Vivek Ramis Swami to run the Doge department. Meanwhile, Vladimir Putin is utilizing Russian TV to continue to show nudes of Donald Trump's wife Melania, to show Donald Trump who is dominant in that relationship.


Another top presidential advisor to Vladimir Putin's come out with a statement saying that it's time for Donald Trump to repay them for the help that they've provided him. You've got Vladimir Putin also not acknowledging that a phone call took place between Hi between him and Donald Trump. When Donald Trump leaked to the Washington Post that they spoke, and Donald Trump said, I told him to deescalate. Well, Vladimir Putin says that that is pure fiction. Again, just humiliating Donald Trump in international diplomatic parlance. And then also Vladimir Putin escalating the war in Ukraine to show Donald Trump, who is dominating who.


Oh, and then by the way, Donald Trump appointed as Secretary of State Marco Rubio, someone who Donald Trump said is totally incompetent and a lightweight. You see this photo right here from Idiocracy with Hulk Hogan right there. Yeah. We're currently right now, America. This is Idiocracy on steroids right here. Let's just go through all the data. Let me bring you all of the receipts and show you what is going on. 'cause again, you're not gonna see this in the corporate media. I did see Axio saying, oh, well, we're here reporting that Elon Musk showed up with his dark Mago Gothic shirt at Mar-a-Lago. Look, we're sick and tired of propaganda media here.


We need to show people what is happening. Anyway, take a look at Trump's Secretary of Defense right there, Pete exit, the weekend host. Here he is trying to throw an ax at the target and he can't make it, but good thing that he's now has access to our nuclear codes. Great, great work. I mean again. Literally Putin in the international community is mocking us and laughing at us. Here. Watch this With the ax. Who's gonna win this battle of the lumberjack that's gonna put up next. I'm putting my money on Clayton With the ax.


Who's gonna win this battle of the lumberjack that's gonna come up next. I'm putting my money on Clayton. So then I talked about this before, but Donald Trump claimed he talked to Putin, told Russian to deescalate. What did Putin do? Amassed an additional 50,000 soldiers, including North Korean troops at the border, and then dismissed Donald Trump's claim that they spoke as pure fiction.


Take a look right here. Here's Donald Trump and Christie Nome, the governor of South Dakota. Now the now appointed as Homeland Security Director. So you've got Pete Eth, you've got Christie Nome, a dog killer now running Homeland Security. Can you get any more embarrassing than that? Thereby the way is Cricket the dog that she killed, and then he appointed Marco Rubio to become Secretary of State. Here's what Donald Trump said about his own Secretary of State, Marco Rubio is a total lightweight, who I wouldn't hire to run one of my smaller companies, a highly overrated politician.


Rubio couldn't even respond properly to Obama State of the Union speech without pouring sweat and chugging water. He choked as our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski says, so let's make him Secretary of State. Donald Trump's previously said in February 26th, 2016, lightweight, Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is he is a choker. And once a choker, always a choker. Mr. Meltdown, oh, in addition to Peter Hegseth or has his gift throwing the ax and not being able to hit the target. Here he is talking about how he doesn't like to wash his hands and that he hasn't washed his hands in 10 years.


Play this clip. I don't think I've washed my hands for 10 years. Really? I don't. I don't really wash my hands ever. Don't wanna help me. No, I inoculate myself. It's just not, germs are not a real thing. Oh yeah. True. I can't see them. Therefore, they're not real. So you're becoming immune to all of the all the bacteria. Exactly. I can't get sick. My So


did you know that over 2 billion plastic razors end up in US landfills each year? It's a staggering number. I know. And it's just one of the many reasons why we need to rethink our shaving habits. Henson Shaving is leading the charge in this revolution. Let's join it together. Their razors are made of aluminum with no plastic in sight, not even in the packaging. And get this, they work with standard dual edge blades that cost less than 10 cents each. Once you have a Henson Razor, you're looking at just three to $5 per year for blade replacements. It's a win for your wallet and a win for the environment. It's time to say no to subscriptions and yes to a razor that will last you a lifetime. So visit henson shaving.com/midas and pick the razor for you and use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S, and you'll get two years worth of blades free with your razor. Just make sure to add them to your cart. That's 100 free blades when you head to H-E-N-S-O-N-S-H-A-V-I-N g.com/midas and use that code Midas.


And by the way, here is just has a gift again on Fox talking about is college worth it? Here, play this clip Alma mater. I have a new, new rule. Yeah, interesting. The more, the more elite the university and advanced that a, a graduate is, the more the dumber they are, the less likely I am to trust them. If you went to the Ivy League, prove to me that you have any common sense at all. You went Ivy. Yes. And I sent one of my degrees back. Okay. I'm just, And here he is talking about preemptively striking North Korea. You know what was interesting is if you read the pages of the New York Times, the former National Security Advisor to the United States of America, Susan Rice essentially said, okay, North Korea with nukes, we should tolerate that.


It, it, it won't be so bad. Take a look at this. See, she Actually didn't say this. She actually took the time to write this, send it to somebody, And it, And it, printed it in a newspaper. This is what it said in the oped. It says, but war is not necessary to achieve prevention. Despite what some in the Trump administration, administration seemed to have concluded. History, history shows that we can, if we must tolerate nuclear weapons in North Korea the same way we tolerated, why the far greater threat of thousands of Soviet nuclear weapons during, so we should Start tolerating it. Why she did in the op-Ed, go on to say that the US should make it clear. If North Korea uses nukes on us or on our allies or gives nukes to a third party, we will annihilate North Korea. The problem with that is it's it's reactive.


It's not proactive. And what will annihilate North Korea after we're dead. Yeah. I mean we have to do something. Now There's, there's merit in a preemptive strike it. But if, if you gotta do it right, you gotta be, it's gotta be decisive. How, how comprehensive is that first strike capability. But history shows us that when you let dictators get the worst weapons in the world, they wield a ton of influence. And what about the history in North Korea? Yeah. Right. They've shown us that they're ever going to stop. We've passed that according, and they're becoming more, and they've only gotten more advanced ever since. And they were coming More. Okay, now Elon Musk is posting Department of Government deficiency, doji.


The merch will be fire. Here's a statement that Donald Trump put out. I am pleased to announce that the great Elon Musk working in conjunction with American Patriot, the V Ram Swami will lead the Department of government deficiency. Doge. Together these two wonderful Americans will pave the way for my administration to dismantle government bureaucracy slash exus, ex excess regulations, cut wasteful expenditures and restructure federal agencies essential to save America movement. This will send shockwaves through the system and anyone involved in government waste, which is a lot of people state in Mr. Musk, it will become potentially the Manhattan Project of our time.


Republicans have dreamed about the objectives of Doge for a very long time. I'm trying to understand this. You're just creating fake government departments now. Like that's what it means to be a conservative making up fake departments. Oh, by the way, if you wanna know more about Donald Trump falling right into Putin's traps. So Donald Trump has named as the ambassador to Israel, Mike Huckabee, who identifies as a Christian Zionist who believes that you shouldn't even refer to the West Bank as the West Bank, and that the West Bank should not have any Palestinians on it whatsoever. And essentially that Israel needs to annex it and annex any territory surrounding it.


So for any of the people who are saying Donald Trump's gonna call for a ceasefire, I mean. I don't know why you would think that. Quite the contrary. Here is the new ambassador to Israel. Mike Huckabee here play this clip. My feeling personally, and I'm speaking only as a person, I think Israel would only be acting on the property it already owns. I think Israel, I has title deed that Judea and Samaria, there are certain words I refuse to use. The there is no such thing as a West Bank. It's Judea and Samaria. There's no such thing as a settlement. They're communities. They're neighborhoods. They're cities. There's no such thing as an occupation that they get out of their minds. That people are living in lean tos and tents and sleeping in cars circled around a tree.


They're living in very well-designed and beautiful cities and communities. Can't wait. To, get back. I'm gonna take an extra hat. I'm gonna get it to, to President-elect Trump build Israel. Great. Again. Who knows? We may see him wear this out there in one of his rallies somewhere. I don't know. Can't promise that. I can only promise he will get a copy of the hat. Thank you very much. And all the while Vladimir Putin is just laughing in mocking America, quite literally having, as I said before, having Russia State TV continue to show nude photos of Melania and then purposefully laugh at Donald Trump to mock him night after night.


You now have NATO stepping up though, fortunately, here's NATO's Chief Mark Rut. Here's what he has to say about supporting Ukraine because it's obvious that America's gonna be in its own. Whatever the heck this Idiocracy is right now, play this clip. We must recommit to staying the course for the long haul. And we must do more than just keep Ukraine in the fight. We need to release the cost for Putin and is enabling authoritarian friends by providing Ukraine with the supported needs to change the trajectory of the conflict. Here's the statement that was previously made by the former conservative Prime Minister Turnbull of Australia.


Here's what he had to say about Donald Trump. You play this clip. Republican party under Donald Trump, and particularly the right wing of the Republican Party, are very sympathetic to Vladimir Putin. I mean, I've been with Trump and Putin. Trump is in awe of Putin. He's, when you see Trump with Putin, as I have on a few occasions, he's like the 12-year-old boy that goes to high school and meets the captain of the football team. My hero. It is really creepy. It's really creepy. So there you have it folks. Donald Trump literally staffing the government with the most unqualified Idiocracy like people, which would be comical if this was a movie.


But this is real life folks. Secretary of Defense, a Fox News host, because he served in the military. You make him, secretary of Defense, a guy who doesn't even wash his hands. Christie Nome as Homeland Security director Marco Rubio as Secretary of State. Well, wow. Wow, wow, wow, wow. What can I say? I, I, this is, this is exactly what Putin dreamed of. And perhaps this is what Putin's presidential aid said when he went to, when he just issued the communique the other day and said, Donald Trump owes us. Donald Trump has to repay us. Is this Donald Trump repaying him?


It sure, sure seems like it. I don't know what the heck this is. I don't know what the heck this is. Anyway, judge for yourself, hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.