
Sometimes it just feels like whack-a-mole with all of these stunts and scams that Donald Trump tries to pull. And then the corporate media is a willing accomplice in laundering those scams and stunts. Well, that may have worked in 2016 or 2020, but in 2024 it's a different ball game folks, the Midas Touch Network is here. We are a people powered network. We don't have outside investors. And so what we do is we call this crap out. The latest stunt by Donald Trump, which was laundered through NBC news, was this viral, so-called Viral Black voter Video, which was just some AstroTurf MAGA operative scheme.


All of the people who were in this video work for the Trump campaign or are political operatives or are kind of high profile MAGA people. It's presented like there were these just undecided black women voters who became big Trump fans out of nowhere. But we've been calling this stuff out the same way. When Donald Trump went to the black church in Detroit, he just basically rented out a church that was embroiled in litigation. He filled it up with white MAGA supporters who wore hats. They were like cursing in the church, like just disgracing the whole church experience, whether you're religious or not. It's like, come on folks.


Donald Trump also, you know, he would like show up and Chick-fil-As, and then like a black woman would hug him and then the media would be like, look, the black woman loved Donald Trump because a black woman hugged him. And then we would point out, no, that's Mikayla Montgomery. She follows Donald Trump around from event to event and she hugs him. She's a MAGA operative. She works for the Republican party, she interned for the Republican Party. She's at all of the events. It's not like a random black woman giving him a hug, but the media tries and tries and tries. But guess what? Media? Our platform is bigger than you is bigger than yours now.


So here's our story that's actually going viral 'cause people care about the facts and people don't like being scammed and lied to. So shame on the Trump campaign, but shame on you NBC for your horrible reporting on this one as well. You've done some decent reporting this election cycle, but some really bad reporting and you need to have a reckoning after this election as well. Shame on you. Here's what we've learned. Here's our reporting. This is how you do it. NBC, can I break it down for you please? The Trump campaign released a video in late August aimed at black women purporting to show regular black voters, many of whom were unnamed ha rejecting Kamala Harris.


As it turns out, Midas Touch was able to identify 15 out of the 16 individuals that appear in the video. And they are all MAGA operatives or influencers. A key detail Trump failed to disclose and NBC did as well. Not only did Trump fail to disclose the political nature of the people speaking in his black voters video, he was able to get NBC news to cover it unchecked as an exclusive further spreading the disinformation that is MAGA propaganda. Here was the NBC article. Trump campaign ramps up efforts to win over black women with new video. The former president is working to cut into Kamala Harris's support that the key part of her coalition.


It's like NBC. Why are you even writing this stupid story to begin with? Oh, Donald Trump told you to do it. Okay, you wanna make this a horse race? Okay, anyway, here we go. In the article, NBC News shared a quote from Janiah Thomas Trump's director of black media claiming Trump's message was resonating with black voters. NBC News also reported that Trump campaign's claim implying the video was full of recent converts to Trumpism. Quote, the women featured in the video, according to the Trump campaign, include former democratic and independent voters who switched over to the Republican party in support of Trump, several of whom reside in battleground states such as Arizona, Georgia, and Michigan.


Great work NBC for doing the lies of the Trump campaign and they laundered it through you. Here's Janaya Thomas saying, black voters know that President Trump is the strongest candidate on all of the issues that truly matter. Hashtag I'm not with her. In their campaign newsletter, the Trump campaign boasted about the NBC news coverage of their new video. The video titled I'm Not With Her and Shared with NBC News includes more than a dozen black women, including several from battleground states expressing their opposition to Harris with some framing the Democratic presidential nominee as being out of touch with black voters.


And just pause there for a second. I want you to reflect on the why it was that Trump campaign gave this exclusive to NBC. It's strategic and it's also why this was shameful by NBC, what the Trump campaign calculated as if they gave this to Fox or they gave it to Breitbart or one of the usual suspects or the New York Post, it wouldn't be believed. But what they knew is that if we could launder it through NBC and NBC wrote a story about it and we'll package it as an exclusive, so NBC feels that they've got special access, well then we can then write about the NBC story to justify. Look.


You see, black voters must now be supporting Donald Trump because NBC wrote about it and they believe well look, NBC has this goodwill amongst Americans and potentially black voters. So then if a black woman voter reads that NBC is covering this, maybe they think, Ooh, maybe I need to look into this more. So that's why they laundered it through NBC and that's why NBC should have their guard up and be watching this. But NBC and a lot of these corporate media networks continue to do this 'cause they're fighting for access versus fighting for the truth too frequently.


Alright, are you ready for this fact? Traditional bedsheets can harbor more bacteria than a toilet seat. It can lead to acne, allergies and stuffy noses. It's just gross. Miracle Made, however, offers a whole line of self-cleaning, antibacterial bedding, such as sheets, pillowcases, and comforters that prevent up to 99.7% of bacteria growth and require up to three times less laundry. It's why I use Miracle Made of my bedding using silver infused fabrics inspired by NASA Miracle. Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather, so you get a better sleep every single night. It's why I love Miracle Sheets. Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands and feel as nice, if not nicer than sheets used by some five star hotels. So go to try miracle.com/midas, try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save up to 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed by a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three PIECE, TOWEL, SET and SAVE over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself. Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


As it turns out, ramps up may not be the right description for Trump's new black outreach video. Recycle and reshuffle would be more accurate. Midas Touch has identified 15 of the 16 individuals in the video as being MAGA Republican operatives or influencers. It's one thing to release a video of regular voters expressing their opinions and it's quite another to put out a video of people who are paid, who are associated with pro-Trump groups, or who make money off their pro-Trump content. So let's just take a look at some of these people We identified Jasmine Woodson Trump's video opens up with Jasmine Woodson, who far from being a regular voter has worked as a plexi assistant state director over at Tennessee and is now listed as an organization's recruiting manager.


She's part of a organization that targets black people to leave the Democratic party. And so here's a post that she had made. Blet is a MAGA republican group that was founded by Candace Owens. It's now controlled by Charlie Kirk's Turning Point organization. Charlie Kirk believes that black people should not be pilots 'cause he says they can't be trusted as pilots. Charlie Kirk says that MLK day should be abolished because Martin Luther King was not a good person. BLE is Charlie Kirk's official outreach to black voters and Xi's employees are employees of Charlie Kirk in June might as touch uncovered, Kirk posting photos of himself with many Bleitt employees to imply that he isn't racist.


Woodson was also at Trump's Detroit visit to that black church and has previously visited Trump's Mar-a-Lago home as an employee of Bleitt Woodson is far from just a regular voter silo. Hi, my name is Silo. Silo is an anti-vaccine pro-Trump social media influencer who runs the account anti-VAX Barbie on Twitter. Silo has an account on TikTok where she sells Kamala prank mailers and Trump shirts on her showcase. Page Silo is also pictured wearing a Trump 2020 hat showing her longstanding support for Donald Trump. Silo makes money off of MA and is not a regular voter who recently made up her mind about Kamala Harris.


As Trump's video implies Karen Watson. Karen Watson is the former Vice-chairman of the Dallas County Republican Party and author of the book, black and Republican in the age of Obama. Watson has been the Republican opera, has been a Republican operative for over a decade and isn't just a regular voter. Like Trump's video makes it out to be Yolanda Johnson. According to a 2022 Rumble interview, Yolanda Johnson works with Mordecai Mission, a pro-Trump faith group that is against Kamala Harris Johnson is against families using food stamps and TANF emergency funds and sees use of these programs as handing over control of oneself over to the government.


Beeb Diamond RA Reed, who goes by Beeb Diamond is the daughter of New York Republican activist Salina Stinson Reed, who was known as Barbara from Harlem. Barbara from Harlem, had worked for Rudy Giuliani and has spent decades advocating for Republican causes. Barbara has a chapter in her book titled Thank God for Slavery, and was criticized for speaking to a Republicans woman group expressing appreciation for slavery. Slavery made it possible for me to achieve the American dream, to buy a house and get education. BB Diamond follows in her mother's footsteps promoting Republican candidates and causes. BB Diamond is the communication director of Mordecai Mission, the pro-Trump Faith group mentioned above on a Facebook Live video.


Diamond acknowledges watching Steve Bannon's War Room podcast and has attacked Democrats as evil and in control of the media. Diamond also states that Trump won in 2020 and believes that an attempt to steal the election from Trump would happen again in 2024. As a pro-Trump activist Diamond promotes turning point in USA's plexi outreach efforts on her Facebook page. In another post Diamond promoted Mordecai Mission, along with Blet Charlie Kirk's black voter outreach group. Once again, Trump posed a MAGA operative as a regular voter for his campaign video. Dana Galen. Dana Galen, whose name is misspelled in the Trump campaign Video is actually Florida Hillsborough County, GOP chair.


According to the Tampa Bay Times, the Tampa Bay Times reports that Galen has been active in GOP Florida since 2018. Angelina Banks Midas Touch was able to identify Angelina as Angelina Banks, a former GOP candidate who has run multiple offices as a Republican. The Montgomery County, GOP lists banks as an alternate delegate to the RNC and also posted that banks was in the Trump campaign. Video banks has promoted GOP candidates such as Dr. Oz and Dave McCormick and has appeared on air on a local pro-Trump radio show. You see stuff here about her, all this Republican stuff that she attended.


Despite being a former Republican candidate, Angela Banks also asked Trump a question at his Oaks, Pennsylvania Town Hall, as if she was just a regular voter. Town. Halls are for constituents to speak to politicians, not for MAGA operatives, pretending to be regular voters. Voter voters banks is another MAGA operative posing as a regular voter for Trump video. Lala Andrews. Lala Andrews is the Arizona State Director for Bleitt, which is Charlie Kirk's Outreach to Black Voters, which we talked about before you see her in all these photos. Linde Lee Tarver is a senior advisor for Mor to K Mission, which I just mentioned, which is the pro-Trump faith group mentioned above. She's an advisor to Black Voices for Trump, which is an arm of the Republican Party.


She ran as a Republican candidate for the Michigan State Board of Education and she lost, you see all of these photos with her and Trump and all of the other Republican operatives. Brenda Theam, who was unnamed in the video, is a member of Marilyn's House of Delegates from 2020 to 2023. She's a former Republican US House candidate. You see her in the photos below. She's worked with Republican governor Larry Hogan. Here's WA Kenya Clue. We were able to identify this individual. She lives in Florida, she's a pro-Trump social media tattoo artist or tattoo influencer. And she's always been wearing all these, all this MAGA gear.


You see all of her photos here. Tamara Mitchell is a former Republican Michigan State senate candidate. Again, she's literally a Republican party candidate. Natalie Rivera was a New Jersey Republican candidate for US Senate in 2020. Rivera spoke at a MAGA Republican venue in August and appears to be active in the New Jersey, GOP. You see her having like MAGA Crunch cereal and selling all of this, you know, Trump stuff. So I show this to you and that's in addition to Miguel Montgomery, who's the black lady who hugged Donald Trump at the Chick-fil-A and was at all these events as well. So I I, I think it's important that I went through that detail with you and we did that report so you can see who these people are and then the media tries to buy into that, to push these narratives, to help Donald Trump's campaign and both sides the issues, but not actually say what's going on in the ground.


'cause if you look at the ground, Donald Trump almost has zero support amongst the black community in Michigan. All the stuff that the media's saying is just simply not born out by the data. But what the hope is, is if they spread the propaganda, then some people will say, oh, well maybe I should join this movement. Maybe I want to be part of it. That's what they're hoping for. But people know, people, people get it right. People are understanding this, right? Whether it's the black community, the Puerto Rican community, the Latino community, Jewish community, Muslim community, I mean Donald Trump, the Muslim community. Donald Trump did a Muslim ban. He's gonna deport you on day one Latino community. He's gonna deport you, you think because you have papers, you're exempt.


He's, he's talking about the Alien Enemies Act, which is on the basis of tres history. He's got campaign officials mocking Latinos every day. What do you think he thinks of? What do you think he thinks about you to the black community? You know, what Donald Trump's, you know, said and all of the horrific things. And whether it's the Central Park five calling for them to die and have the death penalty to him and his father, literally having to settle cases for not allowing black people to live in his building. His whole life has been racist. What are we talking about here? What are we talking about here? What Donald Trump's good at is being a con artist, hustling people. And he's found in the media and accomplice in that 'cause they're struggling for ratings 'cause they're not doing real reporting.


Do your job, do real reporting and, and just wake up because I know the Midas mighty gets it. Hit subscribe. Let's get to four million subscribers and, and thanks for watching and make sure you're telling people to vote, vote, vote. Get out the vote. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.