
Feel your max with Brooks running and the all new Ghost Max too. They're the shoes you deserve. Designed to streamline your stride and help protect your body. Treat yourself to feel good Landings on an ultra high stack of super comfy nitrogen infused cushion that takes the edge off every step, every day. The Brooks Ghost Max too. You know, technically they're a form of self-care. Brooks, let's run there. Head to brooks running.com to learn more.


Donald Trump is not going to like this. Vice President Kamala Harris continues to go on the offense with these attack ads and they're getting more aggressive as we get closer to election day. Check out her new ad airing in North Carolina. Let's play the clip. And he's been an unbelievable lieutenant Governor. Mark Robinson. For me, there's no compromise on abortion. I Think you're better than Martin Luther King. We could pass a bill. Say you can't have an abortion in North Carolina for any reason. The abortion in this country, it's about killing a child because you aren't responsible enough to keep your skirt down. I've been with him a lot. I've gotten to know him and he's outstanding.


Donald Trump and Mark Robinson, they're both wrong for North Carolina. I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message. Powerful ad of course, tying Donald Trump to his handpicked MAGA Republican gubernatorial candidate. Mark Robinson wanna show you this great one now from the Lincoln Project. They go, Marjorie Taylor Greene. You've been replaced by someone. Even more extreme. How is that even possible? Laura Loomer here play this clip. Loyalty matters Donald. And no one is more loyal than Laura Loomer. You won the debate that Laura Loomer prepped you for. They're eating the dogs, the people that came in, they're eating the cats. She made you proud at the nine 11 Memorial.


She was your good luck charm. She raced to your side when you were in danger smarter than Chris and Susie and even Corey. She knows best what MAGA wants for you. Totally loyal, totally yours, all yours in any way you like. And that's why they're trying to get rid of her. They're jealous haters. I'm not involved in their conversations, so I can't weigh in on that. And I would encourage anyone else that matches her statements to stop. They're trying to stop her, which means they're trying to stop you. She's more loyal and she loves you. They want you to ignore her Donald and she won't be ignored.


Another great one by the Lincoln Project. They call this one village idiot here play this incredible ad shredding Donald Trump. There's an old saying it takes a village. Every great step this nation took in its history from civil rights to women's rights. They required community partnership, the village. But in every village there's the same risk. The village idiot. And the one thing you never do is let the village idiot call the shots. We did it once. We can't do it again this November. Vote. Your village depends on it.


Vice President Kamala Harris also did this great interview with Wired Magazine. Take a look at this small clip from it that I see running across the internet now. Play the clip Kamala Harris debate. That was quite enjoyable. I enjoyed the debate. I think it's very important for us to, in our democracy, create an opportunity for civil debate and disagreement about ideas and about policies. I think the debate showed that we have two very different visions for our country. I stand for and have a vision that is about the future of our country. And I offer, I think a new generation of leadership.


My opponent, Donald Trump. I think his vision for our country is very grounded in the past and frankly, an attempt to take us backward. You know, taking away the freedom to make decisions about your own body regardless of your gender. Saying that the government has a right to tell you what to do with your body. I think that's kind of backward. I think the government shouldn't be making those decisions for people. Governor Walls out with an incredible ad as well. It's called the manual. And his point is you create manuals to try to follow them. So when the MAGA Republicans create Project 2025, what do you think they're going to do with it?


Watch this. I think one of my favorite ads this election cycle, it's called the manual play the clip. Hey everybody. Governor Walls here, my 79 International Harvester Scout and my 5-year-old black lab Boxer Scout. Everything works on here except one thing. I'm still tinkering with cruise control. So I'm gonna show you how to fix that. At the same time we talk about creating an opportunity economy so that everybody can get the opportunity to drive. So come here, take a look at this. I'll show you how this thing works. It's fascinating how the cruise control works on these old vehicles.


All right, here we go. 3 45 international motor. No computers, all analog And. this is the cruise control. This thing works on vacuum pulls And. this is ingenious. This arm is just a chain that slides back and forth inside this arm when it's working works within a couple miles per hour. If JD Vance, along with Donald Trump get the opportunity, the folks getting the tax cuts are gonna be the billionaires. They don't care about fixing the cruise control on a 79 international 'cause they can buy whatever they want. Middle class folks are the ones that need the the tax cut. That's what a President Harris administration will do.


Vice President Harris. And I believe a lot of values and one of the biggest value that we share together is, is when the middle class is strong. America's strong. This thing, old school carburetor. You can always tell something about somebody's maintenance and how clean their air filter is. Look to be able to work on this thing, you got a manual. It shows you exactly what to do to fix things on this. Donald Trump and JD Vance have a manual too. It's called Project 2025. And it's a way to stick it to the middle class by giving tax cuts to the wealthiest rigging our economy to make it more difficult for people. Look, you didn't, they didn't give me a manual for this. If you didn't plan on using it to fix your truck, they didn't create that project.


2025. Just have it set around as a door stop. My pro tip of the day is silicone base things around rubber. Best thing you. You get the wrong material on this. This stuff dry rots out, And. this is like really hard to find. So make stuff last. Invest in it. Just like you hear this administration under President Harris. Investing in the middle class will make a strong America in the long run. Thanks for watching everybody. If you need to fix the analog cruise control on your 79 international, this is the place to come. And if you wanna know what investing in the middle class in a strong America looks like, follow the Harris Walls campaign for more.


We do a lot every day and typically at night, I need something to wind down, but I'm sick of all the calories, nasty hangovers, bloating, and other negative health implications that can come with having a glass of wine before bed. That's why I'm obsessed with soul's New out of office THC Gummies, perfectly microdosed to get you. Blist, not blitzed. This podcast is sponsored by Soul Soul's New out of office gummies are perfectly microdosed with hemp derived THC and CBD to give any day that chilling on the beach vibe. I can't believe I didn't know you could buy THC products online like this. Did you know you can now buy hemp derived THC products in all 50 states? The out of office gummies help you get that much needed me time at the end of the day or during the day. They're convenient and delicious. Out of office gummies give you that warm, fuzzy, euphoric, microdosed feeling without sending you to the moon. You could go for a jog, watch your favorite TV show, or head out to a party, whatever floats your boat. Souls out of office gummies have given me the perfect way to chill and maintain my sanity while trying to stay on top of my game and keep my anxious thoughts at Bay. Soul was founded five years ago by brother and sister Duo, Mike and Angie Lee. Mike is a former world ranked professional boxer, and Angie is an author and professional speaker who had the desire to create natural alternatives to medication that tackle problems they deal with themselves, like sleeplessness, anxiety, focus, and pain. And that's not all souls got. Whether you're looking for a sleep aid, enhanced focus or pain relief. So has all your wellness needs covered. And soul's products are grown right here in the USA, organically farmed and gluten free. So give soul a try. Head to get soul.com and use code Midas for 30% off your order. That's 30% off your order using code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S one last time. That's get soul.com and code Midas for 30% off


the Lincoln Project. Out with another great one. Say democracies on the ballot vote while it still counts. Play it. It will be the most important election ever. It Will be the most important election ever. It will be the most important election ever. It'll be The most important election ever, Ever. The most important election of our lives. It'll be the most important election of our lives. It will Be the most important election of our lives, The most important election of our lives, The most important election Of our lives. It was the most important election of my life. It was the most important election of my life, Most important election of my life, the Most important election of my life. It was the most important election of my life. It Was the most important election of my life.


It was the most important election of My life. It's the most important election in history. In history, in history, in history, In history, in History. In history. It was the most important election in our lives. It Was the last election we ever had. Here's another one from the Lincoln Project where they go look, one of the president's most basic duties is to honor and respect our armed forces. But Trump, he calls them suckers and losers. Play this clip. John McCain a war hero five and a half years as a POW.


He launched his campaign mocking a war hero. He's A war hero 'cause he was captured. I like people that weren't captured. He refused to lay a wreath honoring the Americans killed in World War I, calling them suckers and losers. I always Wanted to get the purple heart. This was much easier. Trump attacked the husband of Nikki Haley, who was deployed overseas serving his country. What happened to her husband? Where Is he? Trump attacked the sacred Congressional Medal of Honor. They're Either in very bad shape because they've been hit so many times by bullets or they're dead. Now. This draft Dodger holds campaign photo ops on the sacred ground of Arlington. When told it was against the rules, his campaign thugs pushed aside. The Arlington Cemetery official, an A NC employee was pushed Aside.


This election is about patriotism. Will you support a man who attacks our military and holds photo ops at Arlington Cemetery? We know who Donald Trump is. The question is, who are we? This one from the Lincoln Project talks about how Republicans are coming for IVF here play this clip. All my husband and I wanted was to have children. Five years, all of our savings. Not to mention I was a human pin cushion with all the hormone shots. Each round made me crazy, the ultrasounds, the blood tests.


But finally we got five viable embryos. Richard was over the moon. Me too. They outlawed IVF and they're seizing our embryos, all because they can't trust us to preserve human life. I can't believe it. I'm at the Mexican border. We ran outta gas with a dry high smell.


One of the types of ads that the Republicans for voters, Republican voters against Trump, they're airing are these testimonials of former Trump voters. So here's one of those examples of it. It's Ilea from Nevada. Here's what she has to say. Play the clip After the debate between Biden and Trump. I was discouraged, but I remain committed to my personal mantra. Anybody but Trump. My name is Hayla. I live in Las Vegas, Nevada. I am a former Republican who voted for Donald Trump in 2016, but I am fully supporting and endorsing Kamala Harris in the 2024 presidential election. Well, based on the dismal outcome of that first presidency, the failed covid policies, the inflation, the denial of the election results, and that amazing, for lack of a better word, January 6th fiasco.


So as a lifelong Republican, I have continued to believe in fiscal responsibility, respect for the law, and order and respect for our constitution. Fast forward to this 2024 presidential election cycle, and after the debate between Biden and Trump, I was discouraged, but I remain committed to my personal mantra. Anybody but Trump. Kamala Harris is a demonstrated leader. She instills pride in honor in being an American. I believe her past performance demonstrates her willingness to work hard, seek input from others, and advance the value of bipartisanship and democracy. Vice President Kamala Harris has my unwavering support.


And I hope all of you will join in this opportunity to make this great nation even greater. The Lincoln Project put together this montage of Donald Trump's insufferable, long Island, New York event. Here, watch this. Who The hell would do that? Only a woman. I'm not a threat to democracy. I'm the greatest of all time, maybe greater even than Elvis. How great am I? How great was the speech? Not how good. How great was it? It's terrible. It's demeaning. It's horrible. But it's true. Do we have any Hispanics? Can't afford an apple. You know, we're conservative and all that, right? Who knows? Kiddingly, kiddingly, kiddingly. So busy. You know, I got a little bit of a yip problem here.


Most people don't even know you have that many countries. You actually have over 200, but most people don't know whatever happened to Trump. Well, he never got outta Springfield. Gotta do what I gotta do. Shouldn't call people animals. That's not appropriate. They're animals. You are living a life like hell. Minions Harry, get up, Harry. Harry, get your fat ass out of the couch and turn around. Who is he? Name him. Boy, I'm glad I didn't forget you. If it blows up Y yet, are you afraid of climate change? I'd say, let's leave Trump alone. And I lost vote for Donald Trump. What the hell do you have to lose? We try and keep it on the issues.


And here the Republican voters against Donald Trump, they put out their own ad showing Donald Trump's link to Mark Robinson. Let's play it. The Trump backed candidate for governor in North Carolina. Mark Robinson, has made dozens of disturbing and damning comments on a porn website. Here's the fact. Robinson's Trump's guy, Trump's Dad. He's been an unbelievable lieutenant governor. Mark Robinson. Robinson writing quote, I am a black Nazi, Mark Robinson. He's out there. He's fighting. He's a great one. He's a good man. Robinson defended slavery. Writing quote, slavery is not that bad. I wish they would bring slavery back.


I would certainly own a few. One Of the strongest and bravest new voices in the Republican party. He's been a great supporter of mine and I'm a great supporter of his. You're incredible. Lieutenant Governor Mark Robinson. Mark Robinson used slurs on the website. We found that he often used anti-gay slurs. He used an anti-Jewish slur. He used an anti-Muslim slur. Lieutenant Governor Mark Robinson of North Carolina. What a job you're doing. He enjoys quote, watching transgender warn, saying quote, that's effing hot. It takes the man out while leaving the man in and then adding quote, I'm a perb too.


Keep in mind that he has called transgender kids, sick and demonic. They're a very popular guy, mark, and somebody that really took this country by storm, not just the state, but took the country by storm. And I wanna share with you this short that the Midas Touch Network created. I still think it's one of the most important ones out there that shows you Donald Trump's steep cognitive decline. Let's play it.


And my stupid people, when I wanted to refute it, they said, sir, don't dignify it with a refu. Have you been noticing peculiar behavior recently in someone you know carried Ice by Ray, Someone who mixes fiction and reality. The late great Hannibal Lecter is a wonderful man. Perhaps someone of advanced age. You have known for years. Did you just see Maduro Venezuela, though it's an unbelievable Venezuela. Of course, we all have our goofs. But consistently odd behavior can be a sign of frontotemporal dementia, a degenerative disease of the frontal and temporal lobes of the brain that dramatically impairs cognitive function.


And there are some key signs to look out for, like slurring words. The Failing New York Times by Anom, really at Anom Struggling to find the correct words is another sign. The Mueller report I wish covered the oranges, the oranges, the oranges of the investigation. You may also notice someone veering into incoherent ideas detached from reality. You Know what I'd do if there was a shark or you get electrocuted? I'll take electrocution every single time. I'm not getting near the shark Or an inability to complete simple sentences. Saudi Arabian and Russia will repeat.


Other notable symptoms include impaired motor function such as a wavering limb and decreased balance, often accompanied by a signature, lean or arched stance. If someone you know is demonstrating several or all of these symptoms, they are seriously unwell as a matter of safety. They must be relieved of critical responsibilities and disqualified from any position of authority. Remember, frontotemporal dementia is a degenerative disease. Cognitive function will never return and will only deteriorate further. Don't ignore the signs.


And here's the one that the Midas Touch Network put out a short showing Donald Trump's malignant narcissism. Let me show you this short that we created. We will be creating so much electricity that you'll be saying, please, please, president, we don't want any more electricity. We can't stand it. You'll be begging me no more electricity. Sir, As someone you're thinking of hiring, promising things that sound too good to be true. I could stop wars with a telephone call. Do their facts and figures not add up Actually beyond the number of a hundred percent. It's a much higher number than that. But Does the candidate seem self-absorbed? People Have come up to me, me, and they say, sir, thank you, sir.


Thank you, sir. I want to thank you. You've made me a hero to my wife and to my family. In all likelihood you've encountered the malignant narcissist. Malignant narcissism is a severe personality disorder that pairs the self absorbed behavior of narcissists with the unfeeling manipulation of sociopaths. Unlike those who simply enjoy recognition from their peers, the malignant narcissist is driven by a desire to dominate for personal gain. And there are red flags you can look out for. Like do they have an unrealistic view of their own importance? I have been the best president for the black population since Abraham Lincoln.


Do they only regard other people as tools for personal gain? I don't care about you. I just want your vote. I don't care. Do they lack empathy even for children? Actually, I was only kidding. You can get the baby outta I. I think you might believe me that I love having a baby crying while I'm speaking. Do they speak with an excessive use of superlatives? Who are the best and who are the worst? Best's? The worst. Biggest, biggest, biggest, lowest. Best, best that I find it to be about the worst. If the candidate you're interviewing exhibits some or all of these red flags, trust your instincts and show them the door your organization deserves. An employee that can lead with integrity and respect. Stay vigilant. Look for the red flags.


And finally, one of my favorites of the season that the Midas Touch Network created. We call it hillbilly felony. One individual. Donald Trump has 34 felony convictions. The other one, JD Vance has zero conviction at all. Here, play The clip. I didn't vote for Trump. The people who are most deranged in most psychotic are people who don't have kids at all. The vice president in terms of the election, does not have any impact. I didn't come from the elites. He was a nobody. JD Van's author of Hillbilly Elegy, He came from nothing. I'm a never Trump guy. I never liked him. You've said idiot. If you voted for I didn't vote for Trump, I'm not a Trump supporter.


Might Be America's Hitler An idiot and a moral disaster. You've gotta respect the American people enough to just level with him, but Wanted to stand for something. I didn't think he was gonna be a good president, Brett. He was a great president Himself. You Know, Senator, this is an evolution. All Of a sudden he decided, not only isn't Trump noxious and reprehensible, he's now the greatest president of his lifetime. JD is kissing my ass. He wants my support up From the party with no Platform. I'm a nevertrump guy. He's the best president of my lifetime. A man with no convictions. Donald J. Trump, guilty on all Counts. And a man with 34 convictions. Ah, I did absolutely nothing wrong In a story about freedom.


It was meant to be at least a little bit. Okay, Freedom to rig election, Give votes to all children in this country, but let's give control over those votes to the parents of those children, the freedom to be racist. Now, she wants to be known as black. So I don't know. Is she Indian or is she black? And the freedom to control women, Roe versus Wade is an abomination. We're effectively run in this country by a bunch of childless cat ladies. The people who are most deranged and most psychotic are people who don't have kids enough. If you don't have as much of an investment in the future of this country, maybe you shouldn't get nearly the same voice. JD Vance also thinks stepmom's aren't really moms. Women should be staying in marriages, even if they're violent marriages.


These swing voters do not like him. And they do think these weird, No, we're not weird people. We're we're actually just the opposite From the directors of two fake charities. We've always had a good chemistry jp, right? JD Mandel, it's Hillbilly Felony. I love you guys. Those are some, I think compelling shorts. And then ads by Vice President Kamala Harris. Tell me what you think in the comments below which one, which ones are your favorite? Rank 'em. Or if you like 'em all, just say you like 'em all. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.