
Ryan Reynolds here for I guess my hundredth mint commercial. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I mean honestly. When I started this, I thought I only have to do like four of these. I mean it's unlimited to premium wireless for $15 a month. How are there still people paying two or three times that much? I'm sorry, I shouldn't be victim blaming here. Give it a try at mid mobile.com/save. Whenever you're ready. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes C details.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock, save up to 40% in your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply


Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request. an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at opendoor.com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc license 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage, LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


How about listening to the Sounds of Istanbul Beautiful, isn't it? But you can't discover the coolest city in the world just by listening. Check istanbul dot go turkey.com now and plan your Istanbul trip today.


Ford Pro Fin Simple offers flexible financing solutions for all kinds of businesses, whether you're an electrician or run an organic farm, Because We know that your business demands financing that works when you need it. Like when your landscaping company lands a new account, wherever you see your business headed. Ford Pro Fin Simple can help you pursue it with financing solutions today. Get started at ford pro.com/financing.


First and foremost, happy Thanksgiving. The Marcellus family could not leave you and leave the Midas Mighty community without a podcast on Thanksgiving. We had to do this one, and we've got some great news, I think, to report in Midas Touch world. We just got stats that Midas touch surpassed Joe Rogan in viewership on video podcasts leading up to the election. That's pretty big news. We'll talk more about that, but I also wanna talk about what's going on in the country and the world. Donald Trump got quickly schooled on the international stage by Mexico's president Claudia Scheinbaum. Donald Trump beat his chest. He was loud and obnoxious, made all of these threats against Mexico, and then she held firm and she basically said, Donald, you don't know what you're talking about.


She wrote this letter to him and I'll go over what she said in the letter, and then Donald Trump responded, I won. I got everything that I wanted. And then she responded, I truly have no clue what you're talking about. You didn't get anything different than what I said before we spoke, but however you wanna feel you, you could go and feel. And you know, she's representing the sovereignty of Mexico, and we see that world leaders are not going to back down to Donald Trump. And, I guess that may make MAGA people feel like, oh, we did it. We did it. We solved everything. You didn't solve anything at all. And it's important that we stick to the facts. Also, some good news to report some California Republican seats, surprisingly, flipping blue, some seats that were not expected to flip blue, flipped blue, talking about California's 45th congressional district.


We're talking about California's 13th congressional district. And previously we had called California's 27th Congressional District flipping from red to blue. And so what this means with Donald Trump appointing a lot of MAGA Republicans in Congress to cabinet seats at least until some special elections that are gonna take place in about April, it's only gonna be a two 17 to two 15 house majority for Republicans. If things hold this way, And I think that we saw what happened when they had a bigger majority than that. So it's just gonna take basically one Republican who's not going along with their playbook and they're not gonna be able to get anything done at all.


And the types of things that they're saying they want to get done, though, I really wanna talk about it I mean. You've got Jodi Ernst Senator from Iowa talking about make 'em squeal. We wanna make the government squeal. You have Elon Musk running the Doge Committee, just the made up fake agency that's not a governmental agency, but it's masquerading and pretending to be one with Republican support. He says he wants to inflict economic hardship. And then you've got a new trade representative who was just appointed by Donald Trump talking about decoupling the United States from China so that we will all feel short term pain in a decoupling as we go after China.


I wanna talk about this and more. I wanna stick with the facts. And I. Wanna wish everybody a very happy Thanksgiving, and as I said at the outset, we couldn't do this Thanksgiving without holding a live podcast. So whether you're watching this on Thanksgiving or you are watching this the day after Thanksgiving or over the weekend or listening on audio, we just wanted to spend this time with you. Brett Jordy, how are you? Happy Thanksgiving, everybody. Always grateful for this community here. Grateful for the Midas mighty grateful to be able to do this show, to have this platform to be able to use it for good, grateful that our reach numbers are being noticed, although we'll talk about them more in a little bit. But I'm just grateful that the message is, is getting out there.


Honestly, you know, it's, it's now more important than ever that these messages are getting out there, that they're connecting with folks, and that we're able to break through with the truth as we see kind of unfortunately so many of these kind of corporate media channels and newspapers coward to Donald Trump and bend the knee. It's so important that we do not, it's, it's so important that we stick to our mission of telling the truth, of getting the facts out there, of being a check on power. And that's what we promised to do every single day. And thank you for letting us into your home. We are eternally grateful and happy Thanksgiving to you and all your families. Jordy, how are you doing? Happy Thanksgiving, y'all. So happy to be here. I saw in the chat last week when I was given the programming note, people were a little bit surprised that I said that we were gonna be doing a Thanksgiving Day pod.


And we, we, we never miss a pot, especially Thanksgiving. We celebrate with our family. And this is this right here. The collective might as mighty y'all are family, you know that we're not missing today. So happy Thanksgiving. We hope you're enjoying it. Benji, where do we wanna start? Look, Teddy Roosevelt had something called the big stick policy, walk soft and carry a big stick. In other words, act like a statesman or a statesperson. But when you need to show power, you show power at the right time. Donald Trump, in my view as the little stick policy whereby he acts obnoxious and beats his chest and makes all of these threats, but ultimately backs down I mean. One of the fundamental things that, that I talk about sometimes when maga people are always like, what are you a businessman?


In addition to telling him that he bankrupted all of his business, I'm like, he's not a good deal maker. He, he really isn't. Like he's never made, he got daddy's money and then he basically did bad deals with all with that money. I mean if he literally did nothing with his money, he'd be far richer than he was before he got elected. And for all the people who were like, he lost money, no he didn't. He made far much more money while in the White House and after Grifting on being the president than he did before. It's not even close. But why else would he need to do a show like The Apprentice if he was actually a real billionaire at the time? You, you wouldn't need to do that. And why would you, over the past four years, have to start selling NFT trading cards?


And why? If you were the wife of a billionaire, would you be send selling $99 figurines of yourself if you were really all that wealthy? I mean he's made his money now and his wealth off of basically selling off America. So a a great example of him being not a good deal maker, and this is how he operates, as I like to say, the little stick policy is he makes some pronouncement on social media. Like do you think somebody like a Jamie Diamond, you know, or a Warren Buffet or other business leaders would erratically make pronouncements that could impact their bottom line on social media as a way of kind of commu like in, in all caps.


So that's what Donald Trump did earlier in the week. He says he's imposing a 25% blanket tariff on Mexico, on Mexico, Canada, and then an additional 10% tariff on China. He hasn't mentioned any other countries at all. So other than, you know, I mean China's not a close ally. We're obviously very competitive with China, but Mexico's our number one trading partner and Canada's our other top trading partner. So for your very first pronouncement, you're not going after like, like other countries that are antagonistic to the United States. I mean you're going after your top trading partner in Mexico and you go after your top trading partner in in Canada.


You know, also a thing to know too, you know how like these mangas, like they love VIIA Orban in Hungary, despite the fact that like inflation was like 25% in Hungary, their entire GDP was like 120 or like $180 billion less than a lot of American corporate corporations. What do they also love? They love Argentina, right? Javier, Malay, they love him. They say that's great. 53% poverty rate in Argentina and over the past, whatever it was, year, year and a half, I think real wage growth in Mexico has increased about 25%, whereas wage growth in Argentina, negative 22%.


And so there's actually a lot of good things that are happening in, in development in, in Mexico over the past few years under their previous president as well who gave the handoff to Claudia Scheinbaum, its current president. So anyway, Donald Trump makes that post, he makes that threat. Claudia Scheinbaum, the president of Mexico says, first off, you dunno what you're talking about. And then she says, okay, I guess we're gonna have to feel mutual pain. And she writes this letter. And, and, and if I can, I just wanna read the letter because I, I think it's so important that we stick with facts, right? And, I don't want there to be things lost in translation. We have source documents of what the president of Mexico actually said to Donald Trump.


So, so why should I paraphrase it? Let me just read it to you. It's not that long. It was written on November 26th, 2024. And you can tell that these world leaders also like Claudia Scheinbaum, they already kind of have in their mind a plan of how you deal with a malignant narcissist like Trump. Like you respond right away and you respond publicly. You don't let him seize the narrative. You get out in front of it right away. Probably some politicians in the United States that could, that could learn from oh yeah, that example right here, right? And then, and and they, they know and you know, who is really good at doing that? Zelensky with Putin I think was one of the models for how you deal with like these kind of blowhard tyrants who spread misinformation. You can't see the battlefield of information.


You know what, lemme give credit to somebody in the United States on this also though Pete Buttigieg has been fantastic at this. I gotta say like Pete Buttigieg the other day, Don Junior and Elon Musk were going back and forth and Don Jr was spreading just blatant lies about the electric vehicle charging program across America. Basically saying falsely that there are only like eight or nine chargers that have been built with these billions and billions of dollars. And then Elon Musk, you know, joins in with Don Jr. Don Jr. Pete Buttigieg replies to Don Jr. And says, everything you just said is a lie. And then Elon Musk puts the onus on Pete Buttigieg to explain the issue rather than the guy who just made it up to explain it.


So he has to explain the facts rather than the fact that Don Jr did the lie. But then Pete Buttigieg did this long tweet thread and clarified everything and then at the end of it, Elon Musk was like, oh, that's very interesting, actually didn't, didn't know a lot of this. So think thanks for sharing. And it's like, dude, you're the electric vehicle guy, you're the Tesla guy. Like this is something that you should probably know and probably do know, but they just like to stir shit online and they like to spread disinformation and it's one of the things that they use Twitter or X for, is to spread this disinformation. And so meeting people on these battlefields actually does become important, especially for world leaders to provide a check because we're already seeing And I know, Ben is about to go over it in a second. How Donald Trump is going to weaponize social media in order to pretend like he is doing things that probably have already been done, in many cases have already been done by President Biden to take credit for things President Biden did, or to completely fabricate a situation between him and world leaders.


He's going to use it as a disinformation machine. And so sometimes the only way to combat that is for just the truth to be flooded through those same systems in order to fight back. And that's what Claudia Scheinbaum did quite brilliantly Here, I'll toss it back to you then real quick. And let's, and let's get really specific about Elon Musk real quick there, Brett, because it's very obvious that he knew what he was putting out there was false, right? He wanted to spread that misinformation intentionally to confuse the American people to confuse the world. What Buttigieg did so brilliantly too in his response was how quick, how quickly it was done and how efficiently it was done. Just like how Scheinbaum responded so quickly, you have to cut these things off at the head, right? It's a great point.


We're in 2024, almost 2025, there's no time to go around a round table and debate your response. There's no time to run this up the food chain and try to figure out, is this the right word? Is that the right word? Maybe we should say it this way, maybe. No, you gotta get the message out fast because people, people alive are at stake. And it also reminds me of the FEMA spokesperson who spoke out very quickly when Donald Trump was spreading all that misinformation when we were hit getting hit with those hurricanes as well. It's all about the rapid response in a very quickly and efficient matter that people could very under quickly understand. Benji. Well, you talk about fema, the problem though is, is the distribution hose, right? We're gonna be talking a little bit about, you know, where people are investing their dollars and kind of corporate media, all the attention Rogan is getting, you know how then corporate media covers Rogan and all of those things.


And one of the things that we've seen though is this, you know, just very powerful kind of fire hose of lies though that, you know, we, we do our part here on the Midas Touch network to bring on the fema, you know, the FEMA rep who tells us what's going on right away. But how corporate media then reports on it is that it's a both sides issue. On the one hand, you've got Donald Trump saying that FEMA is not giving people money and that they're actually helping illegal immigrants and, and not funding what they need to fund. And on the other hand, you have the truth. It's one of the ways corporate media let us all down. So we have to build these structures, what we're building here. So here's the letter from Claudia Scheinbaum.


Dear President-elect Donald Trump, I'm writing to you regarding your statement on Monday, November 25th concerning migration, fentanyl, trafficking and tariffs. You may not be aware that Mexico has developed a comprehensive policy to assist migrants from different parts of the world to the southern border of the United States, parts of the world who cross our territory and route to the southern border of the United States As a result. And according to data from your country's customs and border protection, CBP encounters at the Mexico United States border have decreased 75% between December, 2023 and November, 2024. Moreover, half of those who arrive do so through a legally scheduled appointment under the United States C-B-C-B-P one program.


For these reasons, migrant caravans no longer arrive at the border even. So, it is clear that we must work together to create a new labor mobility model that is necessary for your country as well as address the root causes that compel families to leave their homes out of necessity. Just pause there for a second. So one thing she's saying is already in the letter on, on November 26th, migrant caravans are not a thing, okay? They're no longer, there's no such thing as migrant caravans anymore. So let's just stop that. And then she also says here, one of the things that we need to deal with is that you, we must work together to create a new labor mobility model that is necessary for your country. You know what she's saying there, right?


Comprehensive immigration reform. She's basically talking about the bipartisan border deal. She's saying that because of the way your country doesn't deal with immigration the right way, you have lots of people who don't have papers, but they're integral to the labor market regardless. So you need comprehensive immigration reform. That's what she's schooling him on there, right there. It goes on to say, even if a small percentage of what the United States allocates to war were instead dedicated to building peace and fostering development, it would address the underlying causes of human mobility. In other words, she's saying, it's your fault you spend all this money bombing other countries. Have you actually focused on not spending money on bombs or less money on bombs and more money on dealing with your economy and helping people and dealing with this issue?


It would be solved. You're the problem, Donald, is what she's saying. On another note, and for humanitarian reasons, Mexico has consistently expressed its willingness to help prevent the fentanyl epidemic in the United States from continuing. Again, notice her language there in the United States, Mexico is willing to help you deal with your problem. She's saying, right, this is after all a public health and consumption problem within your society. In other words, it's your country that's doing the drugs. It's not us, it's your country that's doing the synthetic drugs. So far this year, Mexican armed forces and prosecutors have seized tons of various types of drugs, 10,340 firearms and have detained 15,640 individuals for violence related to drug trafficking.


Furthermore, the Mexican Congress is in the process of approving a constitutional reform to classify the production, distribution, and commercialization of fentanyl and other synthetic drugs as serious crime without bail. However, it is publicly known that the chemical precursors used to produce this in other synthetic drugs are illegally entering Canada, the United States, and Mexico from Asian countries. This underscores the urgent need for international collaboration. You must also be aware of the illegal trafficking of firearms into my country from the United States. In other words, she's saying, this isn't a Mexico to US problems. These are Asian countries bringing this into all of our countries, and the therefore we need cooperation and not blaming each other.


She goes on and then she says, and by the way, you are putting illegal firearms into our country. 70% of the illegal weapons seized from criminals in Mexico come from your country. We do not produce these weapons, nor do we consume synthetic drugs tragically as in our country, that lives are lost to the violence resulting from meeting the drug demand in yours. President Trump. Migration and drug consumption in the United States cannot be addressed through threats or tariffs. What is needed is cooperation and mutual understanding to tackle these significant issues. For every tariff, there will be a response in kind until we put at risk our shared enterprise. So pause there. She's saying, for every tariff you do to us, we're gonna do something to you that puts your country at risk as well.


And then she gets very specific. Yes, shared. For instance, among Mexico's main exporters to the United States are General Mo Motors, stellantis, and Ford Motor Company, which arrived in Mexico 80 years ago. Why impose a tariff that would jeopardize them? In other words, then why are you going after your own companies? Such a measure would be unacceptable and would lead to inflation and job losses in both the United States and Mexico. I'm convinced that North America's economic strength lies in maintaining our trade partnership. This allows us to remain competitive against other economic blocks. For this reason, I believe that dialogue is the best, is the best path to understanding peace and prosperity for our nations.


I hope our teams can meet to continue building joint solutions. Then immediately, like all this MAGA propaganda was like she submitted, she's back down. She said she's gonna close the border. She said she's given Trump everything she wants, which did not happen. But Trump started picking up on those social media posts because he's terminally on social media. So then he basically incorporates what those social media posts are saying, right? He goes, just had a wonderful conversation with the new president of Mexico, Claudia shine bound Pardo. She's agreed to stop migration through Mexico and into the United States, effectively closing our southern border. We also talked about what can be done to stop the massive drug inflow into the United States and also US consumption of these drugs.


It was a very productive conversation. He also writes, Mexico will stop people from going to our southern border effective immediately. This will go a long way towards stopping the illegal invasion of the USA thank you. Then he also posts, I will be working on a large scale United States advertising campaign explaining how bad fentanyl is for people to use millions of lives being so needlessly destroyed by the time the campaign is over, everyone will know how really bad the horror of this drug is, to which she then responds right away and she sets the record straight. Let's pull up her response right here. She says the following, she goes in our conversation with President Trump, I explained to him the comprehensive strategy that Mexico has followed to address the migration phenomenon, respecting human rights thanks to this.


Migrants and caravans are assisted before they reach the border. We reiterate that Mexico's position is not to close borders, but to build bridges between governments and between people. Now, I, I don't know how you read this. It was important that I read every word there 'cause I want you to see the full exchange that takes place. And I. I just, I don't get how someone looks at that by Donald Trump and goes, that's power. You know? And, and perhaps in a 2024 social media age, you know, a President Biden needs to be going about every day, maybe 20 times. He should have just been bragging about everything. Going back to what I said at the outset, you know, the big stick policy of walks off, be a statesman or a statesperson, carry a big stick when you need to.


I mean maybe those days are gone, but I, I just, I I I look at this Trump stuff and it's like, it's comical isn't the right word. I mean, it's, it's, it's goofy. Like, like, like you just had a fake negotiation with yourself. You got, you got outmaneuvered and now you're posting it like, like again, like that's not tough. Like that was, that was pretty weak. She was the tough person in that discussion. It's completely humiliating, honestly, because like she's so delicately, basically said, America, this guy is a pathological liar, and everything he said to you was a complete and total lie. And he is a total coward. And if we want to deal with this, like adults, we can And I am here to deal with it like an adult.


And Donald Trump just looks so childish. I mean, it feels like a toddler in a way, like lying about what somebody said, and then the person has to be like, whatcha talking about? I didn't say any of that stuff. That's not, what are you, what are you saying? And I, if this is gonna be a strategy, it's gonna be something interesting to watch where Trump makes some sort of big proclamation. I'm going to do X, y, z and then proclaims that he fixed the problem a day later on Twitter and says, all done. I I did it. I I I did it. Everybody. This this border issue that we've been dealing with for decades and decades and decades, solved it with a tweet. Everybody. Meanwhile, if you actually look at the data, because the data is important, you will see that border crossings are at its low.


They're lower now than they were, than when Trump was president. And that is thanks to the executive actions taken by President Biden. I know President Biden didn't want to have to take executive actions. He wanted to do it through legislative means. And then Donald Trump blocked those, that legislation, he blocked the bipartisan border deal. And so Biden ultimately had to take it in into his own hands. You know, I'm sure he wished he was able to do, did the executive action earlier. He probably should have quite frankly, but he's a guy who wanted to deal with things in the normal kind of way that we deal with issues, which is through bipartisan legislation. Donald Trump, the Republicans blocked it, and here we are. And now Donald Trump, I think every single day is going to try to take credit for Joe Biden's accomplishments, And I wanna make sure that we call out all of these because this is gonna happen constantly, constantly, constantly, constantly.


As we look ahead to before Trump's presidency, obviously, and after he's inaugurated, when we see things like, you know, the stock market setting records like it is right now, when we see things, you know, like GDP growth staying strong, we saw a GDP report yesterday that showed 2.8% growth in the economy. As we see all these data, all all this data, we're gonna see Trump and the Republicans go along with all this BS taking credit now saying, And I know. Oh Jordy, you're so right. They're gonna go right along with it, but Trump's gonna go, I have the greatest economy in the entire world. It's the best, the best stock market anyone has ever seen. This is the best, the best that the, the lowest border crossings, the this.


And it's like, yeah, 'cause Biden handed it to you the same way Barack Obama handed it to you the last time and you screwed that up. And it seems like though all of Trump's moves are trying to screw that up with whether it's the tariffs or these threats against countries, I mean. There was a report in Rolling Stone yesterday, or at least sometime this week, that Trump is thinking about bombing Mexico. He's thinking about invading Mexico and bombing the cartels. And this is something that he's been obsessed with over the past few years and apparently even attempted his first term and had to be told by the military, like, we don't bomb our allies. That's a war crime actually is what the Secretary of Defense, mark Esper told Donald Trump at the time.


Like that would be a violation of international law. We can't just bomb other countries, we can't bomb sovereign countries, but it seems like everything Trump wants to do, all of his impulses are to cause chaos. But you know, part, part of me feels like, you know, if, if he wants to do nothing and send out a tweet claiming he solved the problem, and we are allowed to just kind of skate by on Biden's economy and we know the truth and we call it the truth. Part of me is like, okay, maybe that's the best case scenario of what happens, but it's important that we see through this BS because Jordy, you are a hundred percent right, he's gonna do this. The, the media's gonna go along with it. They're gonna go, oh, it is a great economy, everything is awesome.


Oh look, the border is down. Yeah, you should have been reporting on that last time. We already saw, I've seen a flurry of reports about this Thanksgiving speaking of the holiday today, speaking about how this is the cheapest Thanksgiving since 2021 in terms of prices and when you adjust it for inflation and, and, and spending power, consumer spending power, this is the cheapest Thanksgiving going back to like the 1980s or something like that. Where were these articles over the past where, where were these articles over this all this time, but now we're gonna see more of that. I'm not sure if you guys saw that crazy morning consult study that came out that showed basically the day after the election, Republicans and Democrats flipped on their views of the economy, which just shows how it's so much about vibes.


You had literally the day after Donald Trump was declared a winner, the Republicans all of a sudden said, the economy's great, now everything's awesome. And, and meanwhile the Democrats flipped to like, yeah, maybe it's not so good. And it's just an interesting kind of study in, in human psychology and kind of shows you also a bit like how kind of bs a lot of these polls are because, because they're not dealt with in in facts, but they're dealt with in vibes. But you know, I think that's important why, why the truth is so important and why it's crucial that we are getting out the message that we continue to build these platforms into that end. I hope you all subscribe here on YouTube. I hope you all subscribe to the Midas Touch podcast on audio. Help us get those audio numbers up, up, up.


We are beating Joe Rogan. We are beating every network under the sun and beyond it on video, video views across the internet. But we gotta do that on audio also. So subscribe to the Midas Touch podcast on audio. Subscribe to the Midas Touch podcast, Midas on Apple podcast, Spotify, wherever you listen, go ahead do that ben patreon.com/midas. Touch one of the ways you can support the growth of this independent media platform. Earlier this week we did our Patreon Zoom meeting, so great to see everybody at that Zoom meeting. So if you wanna ever meet us, we're doing them. We're trying to do 'em weekly now, those meetings, so patreon.com/midas touch. Let's take our first and only quick break of the show.


One of the single biggest predictors of how long you'll live and how good you feel while living is your metabolic health. Now I strongly believe that you can't manage what you don't measure and metabolic health can be difficult to measure. This is why I use levels to track my daily health metrics and habits and ultimately optimize my metabolic health levels. Helps me understand how my food and lifestyle decisions are impacting my health in the short term. I use levels to optimize my energy levels during the day and manage my weight in the long term. I'm thinking about the many chronic diseases that are directly linked to metabolic health, including diabetes, heart disease, and Alzheimer's. I use levels with a continuous glucose monitor to get my own personalized data, which I found to be really powerful to understand my own unique physiology. But you can also now use levels without a continuous glucose monitor. I never realized how much pasta could really spike my glucose until I started using levels. Levels has completely changed how and what I consume each day. The health and energy improvements I've seen since starting this journey has been a complete game Changer Levels has recently launched some exciting new features to help track your macros, protein, fiber, fat, carbohydrates, and sugar, and create daily habits around your health goals. They also provide insights based on trends in your health metrics to help guide you to make the best decisions that will have a positive impact on your health. Metabolic health is about glucose and much more and levels now helps you keep track of it all. Now is a great time to get started If you've been waiting for the right time to join levels to improve your metabolic health. Right now Levels is offering my listeners an additional two free months of the Levels annual Membership. When you use my link levels link slash Midas, I don't know how long this offer's gonna last. So if you've been interested in learning more about your metabolic health, now is the time to get started. Levels link slash Midas.


Alright, let me tell you, between juggling work life and everything in between, figuring out what's for dinner can feel like an impossible task. But dinner doesn't have to be stressful, boring, or bland anymore. Thanks to MarleySpoon, it's hands down the best meal kit I've ever tried. And trust me, I've tried quite a few. The taste unmatched, the convenience lifesaving. This podcast is sponsored by MarleySpoon, the meal kit that delivers amazing food and saves you time. And here's the best part, when you go to MarleySpoon dot com slash offer slash Midas and use code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S, you can get up to 27 free meals. You heard that right up to 27 free meals with MarleySpoon. You get to choose from over a hundred recipes every week, including options like Cajun Spice Chicken, butternut squash, Nochi, and even a vegan burrito bowl. My personal favorite recently, their chicken with honey garlic pan sauce. The flavors were so good. And I felt like a gourmet chef in my own kitchen. And since we're in the holiday season, MarleySpoon has festive meals and desserts to make every gathering extra special think duck breasts with sour cherry sauce and crispy Persian rice or holiday breakfast waffles with candied bacon. Yes, it's as delicious as it sounds. Plus they've got exclusive recipes for Martha Stewart's 100th cookbook that will take your holiday meals to the next level. What I love most about MarleySpoon is how customizable it is. So whether you're a vegetarian, low carb, or feeding a picky family, there's something for everyone. And it's not just about the recipes. They even have an in-house registered dietician who makes sure the meals are balanced and healthy. It's like having a personal chef and nutritionist rolled into one. Not to mention MarleySpoon saves me from those last minute grocery trips. They've got an online market with over 125 pantry essentials, like ready to heat options, lux proteins, and even snacks. I just add what I need to my box and it's all delivered together. So easy this holiday season. Give the gift of great personalized food with MarleySpoon, head to MarleySpoon dot com slash offer slash midas and use code Midas For up to 27 free meals. That's right, up to 27 free meals with MarleySpoon, one last time. That's MarleySpoon dot com slash offer slash midas. And make sure you use our promo code Midas M-E-I-D-I-S, so they know that I sent you


flavored air is not like vaping. A vapor was compared to sticky soda. Fume cores are closer to herbal teas. Fume has lots of delicious flavors to choose from, like crisp, mint, orange vanilla, and new peach blush. With flavored air, you can satisfy your oral fixation through a passive diffusion system that utilizes no electronics, no vapor, no combustion fume draws flavor to your mouth and fills the void. Ditching a bad habit can leave. Fume is not a vape and there's no nicotine and it's not addictive. It's very important. Also, fume has non-toxic flavors. It's truly a guilt-free alternative to your bad habit. The look and feel of Fume is awesome. The design is super high quality Fume continuously invest in third party studies to ensure the safety of their products and is backed by doctors in the US personally. My favorite flavor is the orange vanilla. I love the way it tastes. I'm truly a huge fan of fume. So many listeners of this program have told me they've quit their bad habits with Fume And I Know it can do the same for you. Fum has served over 300,000 customers and you can be the next success story. For a limited time, use our code Midas to get a free gift with your journey pack. So head to tri fume.com, that's T-R-Y-F-U m.com fume.com. And use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S or scan the QR code on screen to get a free gift with your order today. Tri fume.com. Use the code Midas,


Shout out to our pro democracy sponsors. Use our links. Use our codes, let them know we sent you MarleySpoon. Fabulous fume, as you know, fabulous levels, brand new sponsor to the program. You put it right on your arm, connected to the app, tells you your glucose levels, like if you're diabetic or even if you're not diabetic. It's incredibly useful. Definitely, definitely click that link, check it out, learn more about it. It's awesome. I can't vouch for levels enough, so definitely hit that up and check it out. Thank you everybody for joining us on this Thanksgiving edition of the Midas Touch Podcast. We can officially say that the Midas Touch video podcasts get more views than Joe Rogan. This was in Adweek.


Adweek posted that Joe Rogan's th this was the title of the Adweek article. Joe Rogan, audience Growth Shows Expanding Power of Video Podcasts. And it goes on to talk about the methodology that was used. And it goes on to say how great the Joe Rogan podcast video ratings are. Of course, this was also during the month where Rogan got the interview with Donald Trump, which is one of the bigger interviews that all the media covered over and over again. And by the way, I don't think you could turn on any corporate media without them saying the name Joe Rogan over and over again. It also just goes to show you how like corporate media is just absolutely obsessed with right wing narratives in general.


Like they, it's one of the fundamental issues too. We talked before about Brett, you mentioned the vibes and all of these things, and you said, well, now all of a sudden there's like a vibe shift and Republicans are now like, well, the economy's good. Well, they've been lying. The truth is that the economy was pretty good. All the objective metrics were that, but the corporate media buys into all the right wing vibes and they're really, and and, and it was reported as though we were in some like great depression. And, and that's not to suggest that everything's great for everybody. That's not to suggest that we should underestimate, you know, people's struggles or not be compassionate towards those things.


But oftentimes wage disparities between workers and their bosses, those are problems that are caused by Republicans. Price gouging is a problem caused by Republicans. And so the angst was actually caused by Republican policies what Biden could control he did effectively. And that actually led to a bottom up, middle out economy. But, but again, when I, when I think about just the framing of that article, you take a look at the graph and it's like Midas and Disney are tied at number one. Okay? Disney's got a market cap of like $215 billion, right? And the Midas touch market cap is about $215 billion less than that, okay?


So, you know, and then you've got Rogan who's who's, who's got like a $250 million a year deal or something crazy like that. And then you've got M-S-N-B-C and then you've got Fox right there. Like I, I kid you not, other than the graph, which shows us number one, and it's an article that's going on and saying how great Rogan is, you know, and how Rogan does better than all of these corporate media giants that have billions of dollars even though he gets hundreds of millions of dollars. Like there's not a si there's not a single reference to the fact that we were beating him I mean, but the Char shows were beating him. 'cause we are, and, and we were, I'll read from this, just a funny framing. I don't mean to spend the rest of the show talking about that or no, I think it's important to talk, talk about it because the framing is utterly ridiculous.


And, I think we should start. I talking about it quite frankly, in my honest opinion. And b Brett, I, I'll kick it to you so you can read more about it. Hey, look, I'm okay, I I, I'm kind of okay with w with this corporate because I'm so used to this now. I'm so used to them just overlooking the Midas mighty community, the Midas Touch Network. It's comically intentional at this point. And I. And look, again, I'm fine with it. Keep ignoring us, right? Because we're gonna appear right next to Disney fricking junior with 1.3 billion YouTube views on our podcast network. And then you go over to Rogan and the whole articles about him and look, I'm not jealous. That's fine man. Hey, good for you. Whatever that, that's awesome.


Great work, Joe. But the funniest thing to me is Adweek, which is not a right wing publication. I I come from the marketing world, premi, I, I did marketing that award, right? That's one of my marketing awards that I actually was able to win in my marketing career. And it was a huge deal to appear on Adweek. So Adweek's not like this right wing platform, but it's says corporate of corporate media that it can be. And so their framing to me is just utterly hilarious about how this podcaster, this Joe Rogan podcaster is out punching corporate media and how he's getting all these amazing views and literally right next to him doing better is another podcast and another podcast network that might his touch network Comically Intentional Brothers, And I.


I wanna be also clear, I I'm not going after Joe Rogan here at all. Like the, honestly, congrats to Joe Rogan. These are incredible video numbers. Yes, they're, they're amazing. They're, they're not as good as Midas touches video numbers, but they're in, they're incredible, they're great video numbers. And I, you know, of course I'll also concede that Joe Rogan has an extremely large audio presence and, and crushes it on a Spotify audio podcast like a hundred percent. But this article is about the growth of video on the internet. And so when we speak about the growth of video, and you have this chart that shows Midas Touch and Disney tied for number one, and the way that they are, the way that they are discussing this is based upon minutes watched across YouTube and Facebook.


So video, so the amount of time people actually spent watching these platforms, Midas Touch is number one along with Disney. And Joe Rogan is second. Yet the whole framing of this article is about how Joe Rogan has now surpassed the mainstream media and surpassed all the other channels. And that's where I, you know, my issue is not with Joe Rogan at all in this regard. My issue is with the framing of the corporate media who just loves to talk about certain things and just likes to just ignore certain things for some reason, I mean how many articles think pieces have we seen in the New York Times in various papers on the news over the past few weeks since the election? Have we heard things like, oh yeah, you know, pro-democracy people, they need their, you know what they need?


They need their own platforms, they need their own, you know, version of, of Joe R. And then like, they completely leave Midas touch out of the conversation. And, and you're like, I, I, I, and so I, I'm just left here. Like, am I missing something? Like I like, I don't know, like, what else? Are you just scared of us? You don't wanna speak about us because we're competing with you because hello? Hello? We're doing more views than him. But, but, but Brett but Brett it is exactly that. It is because we're not tied to any corporate interest or have any of these executive stakeholders or shareholders. This is a people power movement led by you, the listeners, you the Midas mighty. And that strikes fear into all of these corporate, you know what it is also Jordy speaking about corporate entities.


To piggyback off exactly what you're saying here, here, here's what I think I've realized also is we here at Midas Touch, like what you see is what you get. We have a great staff, a great team, a great engine behind us, a great team of editors and producers and and writers and then things like that. We don't do publicity. Like we don't have a publicist and these other people all have publicists, And, I think that plays into it a little bit where they are kind of pitching stories about them. And, and so like, you know, there's how you get the hilarious story about Meghan Kelly's impressive, incredible, astonishing numbers on herself. Yeah. And it's like she does a, a fraction of what the Midas Touch Network does.


We, we've never, we've never run, we've never run an ad about the network. We've, we've never did any promotion. We have, we have our, our marketing budget is $0 and we're going against people who do have big marketing budgets and people who have publicists who quite frankly are tied to, you know, you, you may have the pub. I I bet if you looked at Megan Kelly's publicist, for example, I bet she also represents a lot of other people in the media who, and they have all these relationships to pitch stories like me, Kelly is a straight up question. She's nowhere even be found on these charts. They, and, and again and again, I'm, I'm, I'm totally okay with it. I am because you know what, the work is more important than the accolades to me, right? The Midas touch community, this pro-democracy community.


It is never an ego-driven. Like we never make this stuff about us. It is just comically intentional when we see it time after time that like, we just have to talk about it on this episode. We address it, we addressed it. We, we, we, we, we, we should go on these tangents. We should go on these tangent. We addressed that. I liked that. I like that was fine. Good, good tangent. We addressed it. Let me deliver some good news for you. Rudy Giuliani almost crying outside of the courthouse earlier this week. Let's play it. Reality is, I have no cash, it's all tied up. So right now, if I wanted to call a taxi cab, I can't do it. I don't have a credit card, I don't have a checking account. I have no place I can go take cash out except the little bit that I saved and it's getting down to almost nothing.


I have a business, I can do business expenses, but I'm very careful about that because God forbid I should make a mistake between a personal and a business expense. Unlike Hunter Biden, I go to jail right away. Okay? And there's so much to unpack there. I kind off just say, Ben, I'm gonna start using that as I'm gonna save that sound. And any time, like if you're like, Hey, Brett, like you, you got a couple bucks. Like I, I I forgot to go to the, at tm, I'm just gonna be like, Reality is I have no cash. It's all tied up. It's funny how our brains work because I was thinking that we should need to accept like that that's, and then Julian's like, listen you Shane, listen Shane, I've got no cash.


You Shane, I've got no cash. Okay, I got no cash. You see, listen, listen, you Shane, at the end, at, at the end of the day, it's not like if I were Hunter Biden dude, hunter Biden is convicted of felonies. Like what kind an example. Like I wish you got the Hunter Biden treat Hunter Biden literally has sentencing soon. Like yeah, you got off easy compared to Hunter Biden. Hunter Biden give up your fricking, I'm not gonna pardon my son. Like, I like Hunter Biden, like suffered from drug addiction. Like I genuinely feel bad for the dude after like everything that he's gone through and they literally went after Hunter to go after his dad. But like that's the example that you give the guy who, who, who the Justice department was actually weaponized against who got convicted of felonies that for things that nobody else would ever be charged with a, a tax fraud charge when he actually paid back his taxes and they, and they charged for filling out a, a form saying that he was not on drugs.


What, during a time period when he was on drugs, being prosecuted by a special counsel with a Trump agenda where people believe that people should have ar fifteens, like wherever they wanna do. Like just think about that. Hunter's charged And. I. I just randomly digressing here. So if you were drinking beer and if you were drunk and then like the next day or, or you know, you then go buy a gun that's a felony and they charged Hunter basically with that. You should have said that you were a drug addict on the, for you checked the box. No. And, and, and Hunter got convicted on that. So that's the Rudy Giuliani news. Other good news to report in the House of Representatives earlier in the week we heard that Adam Gray, the Democrat running against Republican incumbent John Duarte in the Inland Empire area.


It's California's 13th congressional district. Some ballots from Merced were coming in, by the way it I'm from California. Objectively we should figure out this process. 'cause it is takes, it takes. Yeah. We, yeah, we gotta we talk about this process. We got, we gotta really talk. Yeah, okay. Cal, California, California, what the fuck? Okay, you gotta you gotta count these votes. Okay. What, that's why, that's why I live, that's why I live in Pennsylvania. This whatcha whatcha just doing over there. Let me just say I agree. It's one of the most popular states. Absurd. And then there's a lot of like ballots from out of the country. There's like a lot of the election, the election was like a month ago. What whatcha doing? Whatcha doing? Yeah, okay, I've put my foot down here in California.


You gotta get your shit together. I, and this is like a district too. This is like a statewide, one district, one district. And, and, and so the Democrats pulled the head and it looks like Adam Gray's gonna go on to win this. Flipping a red seat blue. We see the same thing earlier in the week on the 45th Congressional district, Derek Tran beating Michelle Steele, the MAGA Republican turning that red seat blue and then Democrat George Whiteside in California's 27th congressional district that was held by MAGA Republican, Mike Garcia, who was, this is a big stain. Mike Garcia was in, in the Los Angeles area, real MAGA extremist.


And that seat flipped. So to be fair, California held all of its congressional seats and flipped three red states blue or three red seats blue, which is some good news to report. So what that means is given Donald Trump appointing a lot of these s in Congress to his cabinet until special elections take place, for example, in Florida and other states right around the April period, it's only gonna be a two 17 to two 15 majority. So like, quite literally, if one or two people just don't show up, Democrats can take control of the house right away. If something happens to a maga Republican Democrats could take it. It's very, very narrow. There was a point there where I was wondering, 'cause he kept seeing like pick after pick of Trump pulling from the House of Representatives.


And I. I think I texted you guys, I was like, is he trying to purposely throw the house? Like is he purposely trying to flip the house? Because I think Trump always needs somebody to blame, think about Trump from the very beginning, right? And he will always find somebody to blame, don't get me wrong, but he'll blame the deep state. He'll blame the rhinos. He blames the Democrats. You know, he will, he'll blame whoever he, he needs to blame. But I think the fact that, you know, even narrowly right now that the Republicans are gonna control the house, that Republicans are gonna control the Senate, that he has the White House, everything is going to fall on them. And so part of me, I had this like conspiracy theory, Mike, is he trying to flip the house so he has, so we could blame the Democrats a little on this because it was just so bizarre.


But it's gonna be very tight, you know, for, for all these things. But I think the lessons that we have learned is, and this is a big difference I think between Democrats and Republicans, that if this were the Democrats that had a like one or two vote lead in the house, they would be like, okay, how do we work together? How do, how do we work together to solve our problems here? Let's, let's work across the aisle and let's get things passed. Republicans are just so brazen and they like just double down on their extremism and they don't try at all to do that. You know, is, is is something that, you know, that I think we've noticed over these past few years when they've had a very slim, you know, narrow majority. I wanna talk more briefly though about the Doge agency, this fake governmental agency, which is masquerading as a real government agency.


It'll be interesting from a legal perspective, you know, given the representations made, you know, if it has quasi-governmental agency status based, how it's representing itself, it then kind of triggers certain public requirements. So one of the things that fascinates me is if you're a quasi-governmental agency, for example, we, you know, And I should do hot takes on it, but it's something that's been ruminating in my mind, which is public records requests, for example, should you now get access to all of Elon Musk and Vivek Rama Swami's emails that they're sending in their text messages and their direct messages? Have they now made themselves into governmental actors?


And so rules like that apply. So, and there's a lot of other implications if you're a public entity. One of the things that Vivek Ram Swami posted, I did a whole video on this as well to show that like literally everyone of his post is just so hypocritical. He goes, governmental support for non-government organizations is an oxymoron. Like, isn't that quite literally what do is like the non-governmental entity, Ben, I've also seen him say multiple comments like, we need to stick it to these, these, these unelected bureaucrats should not have our say in our government. It's like, bro, you are the unelected bureaucrat who's trying to have the most power over our government. Everything they do is just so hypocritical. You know? And then you have people like, so one of the things that they're, that they've done, you know, because these Republicans can be so easily bought out, is they recognize that Joanie Ernst from Iowa was one of the biggest critics of Donald Trump's cabinet picks like Pete and others.


She wanted that position. So now they're making her the head of the, like, all you have to do, apparently, you know, to buy off these Republicans is like, just give them social media attention. So they've made her the Senate liaison to the Doge committee. And so she goes, I'm partnering with the Doge committee. She has a $2 trillion blueprint. Okay? WW most of our money goes to national defense spending, and it goes to social security and, and, and healthcare. So when, when you're gonna cut $2 trillion, where, where do, where do you think that's going? If they're like, we gotta slash the hundreds of billions of dollars in Medicare fraud, I mean so stipulated. I agree with that, but that doesn't get you to 2 trillion to $2 trillion.


And you know, who's committing that Medicare fraud? You may wanna look at your MAGA Republican senator Rick Scott, who settled the biggest Medicare health fraud. That's how he made his money. He settled it, he invoked the fifth, he got a golden parachute for his company for the amount of $300 million, and his company like pled guilty and like settled the case for billions of dollars with the federal government for engaging in the biggest Medicare fraud scam. So it's just notable when you, when you like, just take a look at the language they're using too from Doge. It, it's all performative, but it's also like deeply alarming too. Like Joni Ernst, her hashtag is make 'em squeal. Like, like make, make who s like, like you wanna make people squeal, I mean people who rely on social security and Obamacare.


You make make 'em squeal. Re re re remember that line because you know, that's something that I wanna make sure we're clear. Like, oh, you're trying to make me squeal. And then Donald Trump's pick, Jameson Greers, his US trade representative. I mean these people have these, like, they have these ideas that are cooked up in these laboratories of oligarchy and, and, and autocracy as my friend David Pepper would say. And, and, and they're not practical. Like he, this trade secretary, this trade rep, he's talked about decoupling the United States from China. In other words, making the United States not use Chinese products. Like, so what, what are we talking about? Like, people know where iPhones get made and, and, and the parts.


So how, how are you gonna decouple this? Like, what, what is that even gonna look like? And you take a look at what he says and his exact language is, while there's no silver bullet, and in some cases the effort to pursue strategic decoupling from China will cause short-term pain. And so what if you, if you take a look at the language of these billionaires and, and agents of these billionaires, they keep on using this language over and over again. And I want to be very clear about what that language is, right? Elon Musk talks about hardship. We need to inflict hardship on us. What Argentina's doing is great. 53, 50 3% poverty rate is great.


No, no, no. It isn't. This guy, the trade rep Greer talking about short term pain, make 'em squeal, you know, call, call me old fashioned. But you know, for me, going back to what we said at the beginning of the show, I like politics and statesmen and stateswomen in the, you know, I like that big stick policy. I don't want obnoxious, loud people who are paper tigers when it really comes down to it. Who, who can't back up what they're actually doing and threaten people and bully people, but deep down are, are weak. Perhaps I'm old fashioned in the age of social media. May maybe that's why, you know, ad weak talks about Joe Rogan because he makes a bunch of, you know, hyperbolic, conspiratorial, you know, misogynistic at times, you know, kind of statements and maybe, you know, in a social media age, you gotta get attention.


You look at me, look at me. You know, maybe we're just not, may may, maybe you need to do more of that right now, but I, I call me old fashioned. I like people who walk soft, who act mature, who behave like adults and back up what they're saying with real power when the time is right. And for me, government and things that are functioning should not be about inflicting pain on our own people or on our trade partners. I mean to me, you know, governance should be about like helping people and lifting people up and not knocking people down, not making them squeal. It should be lending a hand. How, how can we help? How, how do we figure out these situations together and make sense of the complexity of the world that we live in?


That's, that's my view of things. And that's what, that's what we stand for on the Midas Touch Network. This is gonna be, you know, real serious talk. We, we go through stats, we go through data, we go through charts. I go through legal filings, I go through the footnotes, you know, and again, may, may, maybe that's not I mean clear, clearly more people are watching it. We, we, we see the stats that we than the other networks, but perhaps corporate media still doesn't, doesn't think that that's what people care about. I don't know. But to me, that's what I, I wanna know the facts, I wanna know the data. I wanna see it. That's what we're gonna provide here all the time. I wanna remind everybody, patreon.com/midas touch.


You can meet me, Brett and Jordy on these Zoom chats that we're doing. And I wanna wish personally everybody a, a happy Thanksgiving, Brett, happy Thanksgiving to everybody. And please remember to add the Minus Touch podcast anywhere you get audio, a podcast. Now, I'm, I'm dead set Now I'm catching up on, on the audio because we, we, we've conquered in the video. We gotta get there in the audio. So there's a lot of people watching this right now. Live along with us. Go ahead to Apple Podcast to Spotify, add the Midas Touch podcast on both, send it to your friends and family as well. Have them add the Midas Touch podcast. Let's continue to increase our position in the landscape. Not because we're obsessed with numbers, but because we want to be able to get these messages out there.


And I'm tired of these think pieces day in and day out going, oh, where's the, where are all the messengers? Where are they gonna be? Well, we're right here. We're not going anywhere. We're just getting started. You are a part of this. Let's build this community bigger and better than ever this Thanksgiving. I just wanna reiterate that I'm so thankful for all of you from the bottom of my heart. Thank you for making us the number one channel in the United States. Thank you every single day for giving us a reason to fight, a reason to wake up and making us feel optimistic about the future of our country and showing that we could do it in a way that is honest, that is even handed and that is righteous. I really appreciate it. Thank you very much. And then I'll toss it to Jordy to sign us out.


Shout out to the Hey, might it's mighty. Love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us now.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn Ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience and their favorite podcasts with Libsyn Ads, go to Libsyn Ads dot com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.