
Your data is like gold to hackers, and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and as AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com. Cancel anytime terms apply.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. Oh, What a price they have. My favorite brand, just like a whole new BU Dodge. Ah, I can buy too. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals you'll love Burlington. I told you. So.


This episode is brought to you by Enterprise Mobility. From fleet management to flexible truck rentals to technology solutions. Enterprise Mobility helps businesses find the right mobility solutions so they can find new opportunities. Because if your business is on the road, they wanna make sure it's on the road to success. Enterprise mobility, moving you moves the world. Find your road@enterprisemobility.com.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


The new KFC Dunk it bucket with juicy original recipe tenders. New mashed potato poppers, crispy fries, plus three sauces that fit right on top of the lid so you can dunk anywhere. You can dunk at the game dunk while security points to the no outside food. Sign and dunk as 20,000 people watch you and your dunk it bucket. Get removed from the stadium dunk almost anywhere with the new $7 KFC. Dunk it bucket. Or get the double dunk it bucket for 25. Prices and participation vary while supplies last Texas tips and fees extra.


Donald Trump returned to Washington DC today after vacationing and golfing once again at his resort in Mar-a-Lago. Donald Trump awarded himself the golf championship of his own golf tournament this past week, and then had state regime media known as Fox Blast. The following headline, Trump wins golf championship a day after ordering strikes on terrorists Donald Trump and went on Air Force One to go back to Washington dc Here's what Donald Trump said on removing migrants from the United States using the Alien Enemies Act and not giving people due process and then sending these individuals who he's claiming are gang members.


But these people do not have the process to deny such allegations. And Donald Trump says, well, I am doing it because we are now in a state of war and in many cases what's going on is worse than war. Here's what Donald Trump said on Air Force One. Let's play it Now. People from mental institutions, that's an invasion. They invaded our country. So this isn't, in that sense, this is war. In many respects, it's more dangerous than war because you know, in war they have uniforms. You know who you're shooting at, you know who you're going after. These are people that came out. They're walking our streets. Donald Trump was asked on Air Force one, if he's going to comply with the order by federal judges requiring the regime to rehire the federal workers.


They unlawfully terminated many of whom are veterans. Here's what Donald Trump says, let's play it. And do You plan to comply with the judge's order regarding rehiring the federal workers? Which, what are you talking about? The Clinton judge that ruled that the federal government has to rehire the fire fired federal workers? Do you plan to comply with? Well, I think it's, I think it's absent. I have nothing to do with that other than I heard about the decision. I think it's absolutely ridiculous. Absolutely. So I guess that's a no. Earlier this morning as well, Donald Trump went further to trying to provoke military conflict with Iran. Donald Trump made the following post, let nobody be fooled.


The hundreds of attacks being made by Houthis, the sinister, mobster and thugs based in Yemen who are hated by the Yemeni people all emanate from and are created by Iran. Any further attack or retaliation by the Houthis will be met with great force. And there is no guarantee that the force will stop there. Iran has played the innocent victim of rogue terrorists from which they've lost control, but they haven't lost control. They're dictating every move, giving the weapons, supplying them with money in highly sophisticated military equipment, and even so-called intelligence. Every shot fired by the Houthis will be looked upon from this point forward as being a shot fired from the weapons and leadership of Iran and Iran will be held responsible and suffer the consequences, and those consequences will be dire.


And this is how Donald Trump, I guess, conducts international affairs. He just makes social media posts attacking foreign countries via social media posts. And then he says, look, we're going to go after you. We're gonna do this. All hell is going to break loose. And then most frequently, Donald Trump then doesn't do anything. And they're generally kind of looked, they look upon him as kind of like a, a clown. Next up you have Tom Holman, Donald Trump's border czar. Here he is talking about how do you determine whether someone's like a gang member? So when Donald Trump takes the, these migrants and says they're gang members, he sends them to El Salvador.


He doesn't give them due process, then what does, you know, what criteria do you use? Here's what the borders are says. Tell me if you find this convincing, let's play it. What we did. We removed terrorists. That should be a celebration. We removed terrorists from this country. And I stand by what the president did. I support hundred percent up On that. How do you determine whether somebody is a gang member? What criteria do you use To, to various investigations? You know, a lot of that, a lot, a lot of the ways we do that. Law enforcement center, I'm not gonna share that, all that with you, but you know, whether it's through social media, through the activities, through their criminal records here and and abroad. So, you know, this is, this was done a very, the review of this issue that was at the highest level I've seen.


And I think, again, I stand by everything we did this weekend. And I think the president keeping his promise to American people. We, we, we removed terrorists from the country this weekend. I can't believe any media with question of President's ability to remove terrorists from this country. Then you have Tom Holman say, you know, we're, look, the bottom line is, I don't care what the judges think. I don't care what the left thinks. We're gonna basically do whatever we want. Play this clip. We made a promise to American people. The President Trump has made a promise to American people. We're gonna make this country safe again. I wake up every morning loving my job because I work for the greatest president in the history of my life. And we're gonna make this country safe again. I'm proud to be a part of this administration.


We're not stopping. I don't care what the judges think. I don't care what the left thinks we're coming. Yeah, I just love seeing you going through these protestors, just crunching on the apple as their liberal tears just, just flew out the hallway. Tom Holman, thanks so much for joining the program,


You guys. Thank, as you know, I'm a dad and well, I've just been having the greatest time ever. Here's the thing, I never knew just how important it was. What we give our children. Typical children's vitamins are basically candy in disguise. They're filled with two teaspoons of sugar, unhealthy chemicals, and other gummy junk that growing kids should never eat. That's why HIA was created. The pediatrician approved superpower chewable vitamin. Now, while most children's vitamins are filled with five grams of sugar and can contribute to a variety of health issues, HIA is made with zero sugar and zero gummy junk. Yet it tastes great and is perfect for picky eaters. Haya fills in the most important common gaps in modern children's diets to provide the full body nourishment that our kids need with a yummy taste that they love formulated. With the help of nutritional experts, Haya is pressed with a blend of 12 organic fruits and veggies, then supercharged with 15 essential vitamins and minerals, including vitamin D, B12 C, zinc, folate, and many others to help support immunity, energy, brain function, mood, concentration, teeth, bones and more. It's non GMO, vegan, dairy free allergy free gelatin free nut free and everything else you can imagine. HIA is designed for kids of all ages and sent straight to your door. So parents have one less thing to worry about. Like I said, I'm a dad and I wanna make sure that I give my child the best possible vitamins. And that's why I'm so happy to have come across HIA Health. The ingredients are amazing and I don't have to worry about sugar or gummy junk because HIA Health is made without that stuff and it's able to keep the great taste. Now, we've worked out a special deal with HIA for their bestselling children's vitamin. Receive 50% off your first order now to claim this deal, you must go to Hiya Health dot com slash midas. Now, this deal is not available on their regular website. Go to H-I-Y-A-H-E l.com/midas and get your kids the full body nourishment they need to grow into healthy adults.


And just so you see what they're doing, and I I've made my point clear before I think that gang members need to have the book thrown at them. I think that we need to make sure that gang members go off the streets. I support law enforcement. I want to make sure that if you are a gang member, if you are committing crimes, regardless if you're a gang member, I'm a law and order person. I also believe in our constitution. I also believe in due process. I don't believe that Donald Trump is just gonna say, you, you, you, you gang members. I hereby declare you gang members. And Donald Trump's going to be telling the truth. I just want you to, I don't want you to see the treatment of these people that Donald Trump under the alien enemy's War Powers act deported over this past weekend and sent them to El Salvador.


To El Salvador concentration camps. Here's Caroline Levitt, Donald Trump's chief propagandist and press secretary. She goes, the American people voted for this. And you can see over here the, you know, this video that she's posting, this is from the official White House account. It's a three minute video. Frankly, it's horrific. I'm only gonna show about 30 seconds of it. But here, watch for yourself.


Also, as Donald Trump was landing into Washington DC from Air Force One, he talked about how he calls April 2nd Liberation Day. And he says, it's liberation day. 'cause then he's going to impose more tariffs on foreign countries. So thus he says, it is a liberation day for the United States of America. We're seeing headlines like this. CEOs say they're losing faith in Trump. I don't trust what he's saying. What he says today is gonna be what he says tomorrow. Just Take a look at the s and p for the first 100 days in office and compare Obama Biden, even the first Trump regime to what he's doing right now.


And here Trump on his unconstitutional assertion that biden's pardons are null and void. Donald Trump is claiming that all of President Biden's pardons were done by an auto pen and therefore their null and void. I mean, the, the whole thing is ridiculous. He also says here in this post that the January 6th committee destroyed all of their records, which is 100% false. You can go and find the archives right now from the committee. They're posted online, they're posted publicly. So, so check that out. If, if you don't believe me, and this is what Trump's been saying when he said, I'm here by declaring all of Biden's pardons void here, play this clip. Talk About the Biden Auto pen.


Are those executive orders, those pardons from the former president now? No void, but I think so. It's not my decision that'll be up to court, but I would say that they're not that wrong. 'cause I'm sure Biden didn't have any idea that it was taking place and somebody was using an autopen to sign off and to give pardons to, as an example, just one example. But the J six unselect committee, they, they gave, think of it, they gave pardons with a not pen. I don't think Biden knew anything about it. And what they did is they deleted and destroyed all of the information that took them over a Year. We had Charlie Angus on earlier this morning, a Canadian member of parliament.


Here's what Charlie had to say about all of the attacks emanating from the Trump regime against Canada. Let me play this for you right here. Well, we saw two really Im important indicators last week. Was it Mr. Lutnick? The, the Baghdad Bob of trade negotiations for the United States who said that Canada wasn't showing that we were grateful. Are you kidding me? You've threatened our nation and you said we're not being grateful. And then he said, we are acting like Ukraine. Well, in Canada right now, we're thinking we'll be Ukraine any day if Donald Trump's a two bit Putin. So that was the first message. And then Peter Navarro came out and said, Hey, Canada, settle down.


Stop talking about taking the gloves off and hitting us. We think that cooler heads are gonna prevail. Great. You don't want us to hit you, then stop this idiocy, because if you're freaked out now, Pete, wait till you see when we actually not only drop the gloves, but, and, and people in Canada have said to me, Charlie, you left out the other part. It's the bench clearing brawl moment where we all go over the board. So, Pete, I feel bad that you're feeling a little upset. Now. I, I get that you're getting kind of freaked out that Canada's getting angry. We will put our gloves back on. But you tone it down dramatically. Or we are going over the boards, we're dropping the gloves.


We're gonna pull the jersey over your head. And we are gonna do the classic Canadian bench clearing brawl, which at the end of the game, there's gonna be a lot of people hurt, but we will still be standing Well. And there you have it. We'll keep you posted with more updates here from this morning. I'm Ben Marcellus. This is the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Hey, I am Ryan Reynolds at Mid Mobile. We like to do the opposite of what Big Wireless does. They charge you a lot. We charge you a little. So naturally when they announced they'd be raising their prices due to inflation, we decided to deflate our prices due to not hating you. That's right. We're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra speeds Lower above 40 gigabytes of detail.