
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spend $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's number one sports book two one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bits tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply


If you have kids or pets. You know, stains and odors in your carpet and upholstery are inevitable, but the experts at Chem Dry can help Chem Dry removes odors and stubborn stains by sending millions of carbonating bubbles deep within your carpet, chem, dry lifts, dirt, urine, and stains to the surface to then be extracted away, giving you a cleaner and healthier home. Call one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com to connect with your local chem dry and learn about special offers in your area. That's one 800 Chem Dry or visit chem dry.com today.


This episode is brought to you by Enterprise Mobility. From fleet management to flexible truck rentals to technology solutions. Enterprise Mobility helps businesses find the right mobility solutions so they can find new opportunities. Because if your business is on the road, they wanna make sure it's on the road to success. Enterprise Mobility, moving you moves the world. Find your road at Enterprise Mobility dot com.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a price they have. My favorite brand, this a i Goodbye too. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll Love the deals you'll love Burlington, I told you so.


Another weekend where Donald Trump is yet again golfing and vacationing in Florida on the taxpayer dime after once again imploding the economy causing extreme volatility crashing the bond markets, crashing the dollar, bringing mortgage rates above 7% and moving the treasury yields for the 10 and 30 year yields to significantly high and alarmingly high levels. But Donald Trump is waking up to headlines like this from the usually reliable Wall Street Journal. Trump wants to be be impeached again. It's already in the cards, thanks to his ill-founded trade war. No matter how that war plays out, what this article says is that Donald Trump is using powers that he doesn't have because the power to tariff is actually the power of Congress And that Trump is unlawfully using emergency war powers in essence to declare this trade war that is crashing the United States economy and sending the United States into a recession.


So what's Donald Trump doing today though? While he's golfing? What kind of important messages is he posting to try to address what he's doing while he's posting photos and videos like this of Hillary Clinton from the golf course, also from his social media app. You get ads like this as you click through. His posts Trump's $150 trillion gift to America, and it has a photo of Trump next to Bitcoin. Notably, in the past year, Bitcoin is down close to 10 per percent. What we just learned this morning as well is that the United States published tariff exclusions for specified products that are subject to these exclusions.


Notably, and this includes China as well. Apparently the US is now excluding computers and smartphones and other electronics from the tariffs, despite Trump and all of his state regime media saying the iPhones and the electronics and the laptops and all of those products would clearly be subject to the tariffs. I mean, you remember Jesse Waters from state regime Media known as Fox Howard Lutnick, Donald Trump's commerce secretary, that Jennings guy on CNN. They're like, Americans don't care about more expensive goods. Americans don't care about more expensive iPhones. This is a trade war.


This is what we need to do for our national security. Remember Lutnick said, millions and millions of human beings will be screwing those little screws in the iPhones made right here in America. I got receipts, I'll show you that in a minute. But just another part of the lies and chaos from the Trump regime. Here's the headline from the Washington Post from moments ago, phones, other electronics exempt from new tariffs. Trump administration says, the announcement comes after Beijing in China responds to President Trump's escalating trade war with a 125% tariff on all US goods early Friday. They also said in China, they don't need to raise the tariff amount anymore because they've effectively shut the United States out of the Chinese market.


And they said that Donald Trump's conduct is foolish and embarrassing and humiliating. The Washington Post writes the exemptions by Trump announced this morning, appear to undermine Trump's quote, economic revolution that seeks to move high tech supply chains and parts suppliers inside the us. They still kind of adopt a Trumpian framing of it. I mean, just say that he's lying. He has no clue what he's talking about. This is about feeding his ego. He thought that Xi Jinping was going to fold and he was gonna show, look, I made China submit. He didn't do that. He's backing down like the little coward cornered rat He is. No offense to cornered rats this from Bloomberg.


Over the past week, China has already trade war proofed its economy. Companies and consumers will feel the pain from tariffs much less there than Americans. For Xi Jinping, Trump's self-inflicted wound is an opportunity. China can present itself as a better representative of the rules-based international order. I did a video about this earlier this morning. That's what they're doing. They're going to Europe saying, buy our electric vehicles. They're going to Australia and they're buying the beef there. They're creating alliances and relationships across the world as the United States attacks friend and foe alike. And they're saying, look, we support free trade. We support your economy. Maybe we should talk.


And that is after the United States from prior administrations spent a lot of time focused on deterrents of precisely that taking place in a short period of time. Donald Trump has taint the American economy, put us on a trajectory towards a recession or even worse and destroyed all of our alliances. The mighty dollar sliding sharply as Donald Trump's turbulent trade agenda has battered us credibility in global markets and fan fears of a self-inflicted economic downturn. We've seen the dollar crash and we see the credit markets freezing. As Spencer Akeem reports, the weekly share of home mortgage refinance applications that were rejected was the highest since October, 2008.


The Great Recession. Then after the housing bubble. These things are very hard to reverse once they get going, as Hakemian says, and I agree with, we must stop all the economic madness immediately. It cannot wait another day. Also, he posts that the Benchmark Gold auctions in London are seeing record demand because the United States is increasingly being viewed as an unreliable global actor, right? What we're seeing here is the dollar crashing. We're seeing foreign entities and foreign buyers not buying United States bonds. So we're seeing the 10 and 30 year United States treasury yields go to higher levels that they should not be going at reflecting an instability.


People don't want to buy our notes. So they're looking elsewhere and they're looking at London's gold auctions. Now, one of the things we're learning about as well is that furniture producers in China who are not subject to that exemption, they've seen a complete halt in orders from US importers. We're hearing the same across toys, apparel, footwear, and sports equipment. Almost everything is on hold as it relates to China business. And this is an article from Lorianne Larocco Trump. Tariffs on China will soon bring irreversible damage to most American businesses. And of course, tourism down, travel down into the United States, both because our allies don't want to visit a hostile nation like the United States that tries to bully and extort them.


And also it's just not safe. People are seeing, am I gonna end up in an ice detention center without due process? Are you gonna send me to El Salvador? What's this fascist authoritarian Trump regime going to do if I travel there? It's not a safe place to go. Apollo reports that rivals at the top 10 airports in the US have shown a rapid decline since late February. Travel from Canada is now expected to plummet 20% this year costing the United States 3.4 billion. You've got big Canadian tourist destinations like Palm Springs and others say, please come back. Please come back. We need you to visit. But as long as Donald Trump's in charge, who threatened to conquer it?


Who to take it over to actually do a real war end? A trade war ain't coming back. While there's a hostile regime located to its south. Just some other news to report as well that we're learning about this morning. The CDCs cruise inspectors are being laid off as ship arrives in Florida with Neurovirus outbreak, the people who test for Neurovirus to make sure that it doesn't spread to the general population because on cruise ships, neurovirus is known to spread quicker because of the conditions there. All of those people are basically being fired. So the Trump regime, pro measles, pro neurovirus virus also Trump's EPA plans to stop collecting greenhouse gas emissions data.


Trump's tariffs are also crushing the oil industry. Ain't no drill baby drilling because the oil industry is getting crushed and they don't even have the resources to buy new facilities. Just to show you some of the receipts, now that we know about these exemptions that Donald Trump blinking and backing down to Xi Jingping, because Xi Jingping is like, get outta here. I ain't submitting to you. So Trump's submitting to Xi Jingping. Remember when Jesse Waters last week said this? Now everybody says, oh, you know, we got these flat screen TVs. Gotta have our cheap flat screen TVs. Okay? Does the guy really need $50 off a flat screen when his factory left? When he doesn't have a job in fentanyls pouring into the country?


That's the trade off we're talking about here. Now he, and remember on CNN, when that Jennings guy, that right wing propagandist who goes on says this, but Like it or not, sure Michael, they are our biggest trading partner. And if we were to manufacture iPhones here, iPhones will cost $3,500. The American people are not gonna tolerate that. We have one of the, the highest standards of work, of, of working conditions here. I don't think that we can say, forget you, China. They literally, so it's Okay. You're, you're okay? Hold on. Sure. Michael, so you're okay. You're okay. If we continue to put our own economic and national security future in the hands of our biggest enemy, because effectively they use slave labor to build stuff And that makes it better for us. I, I am. That is Terrible.


I am 100 terrible. Not okay with that, but I'm dealing in the reality of change. But you are. Do you wanna change it? But we need to change. Change. Wanna change what I'm do? I don't know that changing it means isolating us on the global stage. So, so what happens Then? Of course you had Howard Lutnick say this Great American workers, you know we are, you said robots on other networks so that fox of millions of people, well remember the army of millions and millions of human beings screwing in little, little screws to make iPhones. That kind of thing is gonna come to America. It's gonna be automated. And great Americans, the trade craft of America is going to fix them, is gonna work on them. They're gonna be mechanics. There's gonna be HVAC specialists. There's gonna be electricians.


The trade craft of America, yeah. Are high school educated Americans. The core to our workforce is going to have the greatest resurgence of jobs in the history of America to work on these high tech factories, which are all coming to America. That's what's going to build. Are you concerned that our next generation of America are You? Well, there you have it folks. Let me know what you think. That's what's happening this morning in the United States of America and elsewhere. I bend myself. This is the Midas Touch Network. Kids subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Do Midas touch.com.