
With ring cameras and doorbells, it's easy to keep every fright in sight. See who's there. River. Keep your scaredy Cats company Oh. It's okay, sweetie. I'll be home soon. And protect your crypt from the real monsters Oh. Come on. The sign says take one. Find dead simple ways to stay connected right now@ring.com.


Ryan Reynolds here for I. Guess my hundredth Mint commercial. No, no, no, no, no, no. don. No don No know. Honestly, when I started this I thought didn only have to do like four of these. I mean it's unlimited to Premium wireless for $15 A month. How are there still people paying two or three times That much. I'm sorry. I shouldn't be victim blaming here. Give It A try at mid mobile.com/save whenever you're ready. $45 Upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only. Taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes C Details


Reporting Live from under my blanket. I'm Susan Curtis with Duncan at home. Breaking news, pumpkin spice iced and hot coffees are back. I'll pass It to Mr. Curtis with his blanket for the full story. How didn Sow. Right Susan? You know it's never too early. To. get in A. Spicy mood. I'm talking cinnamon. Goodness. That's so tasty. People don't wanna leave their blankets either. Back to You M no, back to you. Ah, All you The home with Dunkin Pumpkin Spice isn, where you wanna be.


Ford Pro. Fin Simple offers flexible financing solutions for all kinds of businesses, whether you're an electrician or run an organic farm because we know that your business demands financing that works when you need it. Like, when your landscaping company lands a new account, wherever you see your business headed, Ford Pro, Fin Simple can help you pursue it with financing solutions today. Get started at ford pro.com/financing.


Folks We are now getting reports of complete and utter panic from within the Trump campaign, particularly coming from Donald Trump himself. I wanna dive right into these latest stories. First, my name is Brett MICUs here with the Midas Touch Network. Remember to hit subscribe and help us Get to 3.5 million subscribers. Let's dive right into this new story from the New York Times. Headline, A Frustrated Trump lashes out behind closed doors over Money. Donald Trump isn feeling aggrieved, underappreciated by donors and fenced in by security cns. In the final stretch of the race, Donald Trump took his seat at the dining table in his triplex penthouse apartment, A top Trump tower on the last Sunday in September, alongside some of the most sought after and wealthiest figures in the Republican Party, there was Paul Singer, the billionaire hedge fund manager who finances Republican campaigns and pro-Israel causes.


And Warren Stevens the billionaire investment banker. Joining them were Betsy DeVos, the billionaire former education secretary under Trump and her husband Dick, as well as the billionaire Joe Ricketts and his son Todd. Some politicians might have taken the moment to be charming and ingratiating with the donors, not Mr. Trump. Over stake and baked potatoes, the former president tore through A bitter list of grievances. He made It clear That people, including donors, needed to do more, appreciate him more and help him more. He disparaged vice President Kamala Harris as, and excuse my language, this isn what Donald Trump said as retarded. He complained about the number of Jews still backing Ms. Harris saying they needed their heads examined for not supporting him despite everything he had done for the state of Israel.


At one point, Mr. Trump seemed to suggest That the these donors had plenty to be grateful to him for he boasted about how great he had been for their taxes. Something That, some previous privately noted was not true for everyone in the room. The rant described by seven people with knowledge of the meal who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss the private conversations underscored A reality. Three weeks before election day. Mr. Trump's often cantankerous mood in the final stretch and one of the reasons for his frustration ISN money, he's trailing his democratic rival in the race for cash and he had to hustle to keep raising It. Not only does Ms. Harris have far more money to buy ads and pay for staff after raising $1 billion in less than three months as A candidate, some greater than the total.


Mr. Trump raised all year, but she has also been freed from having to plead directly to donors anymore. She raised more than twice as much as Mr. Trump. In July, August and September, at almost the exact same time Mr. Trump was sitting down to dinner at Trump Tower. Ms. Harris was taking the stage at A JW Marriott Ballroom 3000 miles away in Los Angeles at an event That raised $28 million. Donald Trump Meanwhile, ISN scamming and grifting like there isn No. Tomorrow Donald Trump has announced his new cryptocurrency scheme, which he continues to promote on social media writing on Twitter yesterday, world Liberty Fi token sale goes live on Tuesday morning, October 15th.


This isn your chance to help shape the future of finance. Be there Monday, October 14th at 8:00 AM Eastern for an exclusive spaces. To learn more, join the white list today and be ready for Tuesday. An odd thing to be focused on this close until election day. Another odd thing to be doing, holding rallies in Coachella, California, A State where Donald Trump ISN getting absolutely crushed and Trump I think was hoping That, he wouldn Get this massive crowd in Coachella, California. but It was actually quite sparse and you could see some of the pictures here. That, the crowd was really not all That big despite Donald Trump trying to pretend That he had 100,000 people here.


Let's go through A, few of the moments of Donald Trump in California. We remember in Detroit the other day he insulted Detroit. Well, this time in California he decided to insult California first. Donald Trump threatened to withhold aid to California if there were ever forest fires. Watch the clip. We're gonna take care of our farmers, we're gonna take care of your water situation and we'll force It down his throat and we'll say, Gavin, if You don't do It, we're not giving you any of That fire money. That We send You all the time for all the fire forest fires That you have. It's Not Donald Trump admitting he wouldn be politically motivated with disaster relief aid as he has actually been in the past when he ISN president and at the same time trying to project onto Kamala Harris That.


She's doing the same thing. Despite the fact That, vice President Harris and President Biden are helping all the disaster areas, whether they're Republican areas or democratic areas. Donald Trump in Coachella said regarding North Carolina That, vice President Harris has not even gone there. Essentially Watch this, He's A great guy and he's done A. Great job. And that's too bad. That That. Kamala didn't do I, don't even know she, she's essentially not even gone there essentially. but what happened in, But literally at the exact same time, vice President Harris was actually helping to give out net much needed supplies in the state of ca, North Carolina. As you could see from the photos right here, he Just lies and lies and lies over and over and over.


Donald Trump can in California. I wanna remind you, told the people in California That, they experience brownouts and blackouts every weekend, every day. As someone who lives in California, this ISN obviously A complete and total lie. And I hope. I hope. but I don't have high hopes. I'm going to say That when he's saying this to people in California. That, they realize how much of A liar he isn Watch. This Isn't It crazy you guys. You have brownouts blackouts, California's brownouts and blackouts every weekend, every day. Trump that said That. He wouldn rescue California, That California and every town across America has been invaded and conquered this ISN Just very disgusting language.


Watch this. We're gonna Liberate our country from criminals. How stupid are We? How stupid are these leaders as stupid people? I will rescue California and every town across America that's been invaded and conquered and We fall ISN here,


the temperatures are dropping and it's time to start baking delicious homemade favorites, wild grain. It's here to help you warm up your house with sourdough breads, fresh pastas and artisanal pastries, including A wide array of seasonal offerings. Rumor has It, they'll have A small number of apple cider donuts, so Get them before they sell out. They make It so easy by doing all the hard work for you. And if you're not familiar with Wild Grain, it's the first bake from frozen subscription box for artisanal breads and pastries and pastas. Wild grains boxes are fully customizable to your tastes and dietary restrictions. In addition to their classic variety box, they recently launched A new gluten-free box and A Plant-based box That isn, 100% vegan. Best of all, they take the hassle out of baking since all items bake from frozen in 25 minutes or less with no mess or cleanup. It's why I love this service. You know how busy I am here on the Midas Touch Network. So I love making A pasta, that's delicious, it's quick. And I impress my wife with my cooking skills. So are you ready to bring all your favorite carbs right to your doorstep? Be sure to check out Wild Grain so you can begin building your own box of artisanal breads, pastas, and pastries. For A Limited Time Wildgrain is offering our listeners $30 off their first box PLUS, free Croissants in every box when you go to wild grain.com/midas wild grain.com/midas to start your subscription. You heard me Free croissants in every box and $30 off your first box when you go to wild grain.com/midas, that's wild grain.com/midas or you can use promo code Midas at checkout.


And this all stems from his fear. He gets more and more extreme than more nervous. He gets here. Donald Trump's brain was Just breaking while he was speaking and he said, That, he wouldn deplete inflation. This ISN A weird moment to Watch this I will very quickly deflate. We are going to take inflation and We are going to deflate. It We are going to deflate inflation, We are going to defeat inflation. We're gonna Not Trump's new thing. isn, he says he will invoke the aliens Enemies Act Day 17 hundreds wartime law which ISN A A wartime power basically saying that he wants to be able to deport all legal migrants and sentence them to death.


Watch, this I will invoke the Alien Enemies act of 1798 to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil. And We will call It Operation Aurora. That's what we're going to in honor of the people. That have suffered in Aurora at the hands of this horrible gang operation Aurora. And if they come back into our country after We, We are gonna throw them out so far you wouldn't t believe It. but if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole, 10 years.


And if That doesn't work, it'll be 20 years. And if That doesn't work I guess it's gonna be the death penalty, right? The death penalty. And earlier in the day, Donald Trump was in Las Vegas saying that Democrats want no more cows and no more windows in buildings. This whole campaign ISN completely off the rails and Just all about lies. Watch, They want to do things like no more cows and no windows in buildings. They have some wonderful plans for this country. And yesterday JD Vance was also holding A disastrous event. JD Vance tried to pretend That there was A peaceful transfer of power. He said there may have been A Riot at the Capitol on January 6th, but It was peaceful. It was A peaceful transfer of power.


Watch this look It It It. look this, this, this isn. Very simple. Yes there was A riot at the Capitol on January the sixth, but there was still A peaceful transfer of power in this country and that ISN always gonna happen. Donald Trump's committed to It and so am I here. Here's now Let me expand upon what Vice President Harris was doing while Trump was in Coachella. For some reason, vice President Harris was meeting with local black elected faith and community leaders at A Restaurant in rally North Carolina in addition to working with volunteers who are preparing relief supplies for hurricane victims. Additionally, the Winston-Salem Chronicle in North Carolina has endorsed Kamala Harris saying quote, the choice to the choice ISN clear Kamala Harris represents A departure from the divisiveness and turmoil of the past.


A vote for Harris ISN A vote for A Nation governed by stability, decency and A rule of law. Vice President Harris yesterday released her medical records which showed That she was in excellent medical condition and she called on Donald Trump to do the same. Trump continues to hide his actual medical records. Here's what Vice President Harris had to say. So Today I released my medical records as has t believe every candidate for president of the United States except Donald Trump in this election cycle. And it's Just A further example of his lack of transparency. That on top of his unwillingness to debate can his unwillingness to do an interview with 60 Minutes, which can isn part of the norm of what anyone running for president of the United States does.


And I think That it's obvious. That his team at least does not want the American people to see everything about who he isn. And you put That on top of even the most recent reports of General Mille, one of the people who works the closest with Donald Trump referring to him as being unstable and It isn clear to me That, he and his team do not want the American people to really see what It, ISN That he ISN doing and whether or not he actually ISN fit to do the job of being president of the United States. so it I. And by the way, Donald Trump has still not provided an actual medical report from the doctors after the first incident in Butler, Pennsylvania.


What ISN Donald Trump trying to hide That isn the question. Vice President Harris also spoke about Donald Trump's declining mental acuity. Take take. oh look at this. What Do you think about President Trump's accu mental acuity? And whether it's declined to say his 2016 campaign I invite the public to Watch his rallies and be the decision maker on his acuity. And you'll see in his rallies how he goes off on tangents how he isn not focused on the needs of the American people with solutions to the issues That concern them the most.


Vice President Harris isn continuing to speak with voters today. She's attending A church service in Greenville, North Carolina and will provide remarks at her community search as faith leaders from across the country are launching A souls to the polls effort to turn out black churchgoers ahead of election Day later today, she's holding A campaign rally in Greenville with North Carolina voters ahead of early vote beginning in the state on Thursday. The campaign says she will meet with black farmers to discuss her economic policy plan ahead of the rally. So you see here A Tale of two campaigns, two very different strategies. Vice President Harris actually meeting with voters, meeting with community leaders, helping people in the towns affected by the disasters.


And on the other hand, you have Donald Trump going to California lying directly to the people's faces about things That are happening in California and threatening the people of California the same way he has threatened the entire United States of America. Thank you so much for watching this update I. Really appreciate It. Remember to hit subscribe and help us Get to 3.5 million subscribers. We are getting closer and closer and closer every day. Thanks to your support. Go check out the Midas Touch podcast anywhere you Get audio podcasts, and leave us A five star review. Thanks can for watching. I'll see you soon. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.