
A B C


Thursdays Welcome back. Grey's Anatomy is all new. Why didn't you tell me you were pregnant? The drama going down bungee jumper from the bridge is cord snapped. We need all hands on deck is unbelievable. You think of God's gift to this hospital, you're just another Doctor My relationship with Catherine A is complicated. I'm gonna sue you. Your lawyers know where to find me. You Are, Unbelievable G Grey's Anatomy, all new Thursdays ten nine Central on a, B, C. and Stream on Hulu.


The forest doors are everywhere you are, so just pop in when you need a brown lip to match your nineties playlist. A confidence boost before your interview, or a last minute gift for mom's birthday. There's always a Sephora near you. Just pop in. Use our store locator to find your local Sephora or Sephora at Kohl's.


This week, both Vice President Kamala Harris and Donald Trump met with President Zelensky of Ukraine. We prepared a compilation here on the Midas Touch network to show you the contrast that existed. And boy is the contrast stark. Let me just show you this. This is a must see. Let's play it. It should stop and the President wants it to stop. And I'm sure President Putin wants it to stop. Putin started this war and he could end it tomorrow if he simply withdrew his troops from Ukraine's sovereign territory. Of course, he has demonstrated no intention of doing that.


Instead, he continues to assault civilian infrastructure and terrorize the people of Ukraine Situation. Do you believe that Ukraine should turn over some of its own land to Russia in order to end the war? We'll see what happens. There are some in my country who would instead force Ukraine to give up large parts of its sovereign territory who would demand that Ukraine accept neutrality and would require Ukraine to forego security relationships with other nations. These proposals are the same of those of Putin.


And let us be clear, they are not proposals for peace. Instead, they are proposals for surrender, which is dangerous and unacceptable. So we have a very good relationship and I also have a very good relationship, as you know, with President Putin. And I think if we win, I think we're gonna get it resolved very quickly. Very well. I really think we're gonna To get it resolved. I hope we have more good relations. We're gonna you, but you know, It takes two to tango, you know, and Well, president Zelensky is good to see you again. This is our seventh visit together and Welcome back to Washington DC As I have made clear on our six previous meetings and throughout Putin's brutal aggression and war against Ukraine, my support for the people of Ukraine is unwavering.


I've been proud to stand with Ukraine. I will continue to stand with Ukraine and I will work to ensure Ukraine prevails in this war. You know, it should be noted. It wasn't really in that compilation where you see the contrast between how Vice President Kamala Harris is handling the situation versus Donald Trump. But when Donald Trump was interacting or whatever, even want to call it with Zelensky, just looked like he was trying to bully and kind of mock and humiliate Zelensky. In my opinion, you have Donald Trump basically saying, everybody knows there was an impeachment hoax against me and Russia, Russia, Russia, and, and I did nothing wrong.


I mean, just embarrassing the United States of America on a world stage. Again, show you that interaction, play the clip. And I, I will say I have had a great relationship. It was very honorable. I don't even know if you know this, but when they did the impeachment hoax, it was a hoax, just a Democrat hoax, which we won. But one of the reasons we won it so easily is that when the president was asked, it was over a phone call with the president and he said he could have grandstanded and played cute. And he didn't do that. He said, president Trump did absolutely nothing wrong. He said it loud and clear and the impeachment hoax died right there.


He could have said, well, I, I don't know. I don't know. And I don't, I never even told you this to be honest, but he was. He was like a piece of steel. He said, president Trump did nothing wrong. We had a very nice call. He congratulated me on his victory. It just won. And I remember that. I remember that he could have played cute and he didn't play cute. And so I appreciated that. So we have a very good relationship and I also have a very good relationship, as you know, with President Putin. And I think if we win, I think we're gonna get a Resolved


Support for today's episode comes from OneSkin. Did you have a little too much fun in the sun this summer? It's no secret that UV rays could take a toll on our skin, leaving it dry, tired and less vibrant. If you wanna hit the undue button on UV induced aging, say hello to OneSkin your secret weapon against the summer's toll on your skin. OneSkin products are powered by the revolutionary OS zero one peptide. This proprietary peptide is scientifically proven to reduce senescent cells, which are a essential source of skin aging. Their groundbreaking research has shown that it can actually reverse the biological age of your skin by several years healthier, more youthful looking skin doesn't just look great, which we all want, obviously, but it's good for your overall health too. As the leaves change color this fall help your skin undergo its own transformation with OneSkin. Their products work tirelessly to repair, rejuvenate and erase the signs of summer damage, ensuring you step into this new season with the healthiest skin of your life. Personally, I've been using OneSkin on both my face and my body. I'm really impressed. My skin feels more hydrated smoother, and there's a noticeable improvement in texture. I thought it would help, but honestly, it has exceeded my expectations. It's amazing how powerful this product really is. And I've even noticed some unexpected benefits like how much better and firmer my skin feels. OneSkin is the world's first skin longevity company. They address skin health at the molecular level, targeting the root causes of aging so your skin behaves, feels and appears younger. It's time To. get started with your new face, eye, and body routine at a discounted rate today. Get 15% off with code Midas at OneSkin. Do co that's 15% off at OneSkin dot co with code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S. And after you purchase, they're gonna ask where you heard about them. So please support our show and tell them that we sent you. We only have one body OneSkin and only you could choose to make it better age healthy with OneSkin.


You know, earlier in the week, Donald Trump said he did not want to meet with Zelensky and the Republicans in the house refused to meet with Zelensky and Zelensky wanted to meet with the political leaders on behalf of Democrats, Republicans, and Independents. Not even political leaders just speak to the factory workers like those in Scranton who are manufacturing weapons that are being used for Ukraine to protect itself against Russia's unlawful invasion. But Maga, Mike Johnson refused to have the house GOP meet with Zelensky and Donald Trump initially refused to meet with him, but then when Zelensky went to a factory in Scranton, Pennsylvania, and Governor Shapiro, governor of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania was there touring one of these factories, it's boosted the economy as well for Scranton as a result.


Maga Mike Johnson said that the ambassador to the United States for Ukraine must resign that this was political. And now inter they said this was election interference. Here, play this clip. Are you Confident on President Zelensky to fire Ambassador Mark Carlow? I did. Could you explain this and also tell what if she wouldn't be fired? Well, listen, I, I sent a letter to President Zelensky today because the ambassador crossed the line. And I, and I think she, she involved him in that they, they made a campaign stop on behalf of the, the Democratic Party and effectively have given a tacit endorsement to Kamala Harris. That's not what we need our allies to be doing or any foreign nation. I think it's election interference and I think it's an an unforgivable trespass, and I think the ambassador needs to take responsibility for that and be terminated.


So I, I asked him to do that immediately and I think that's an important question. Mr. Speaker. Mike Johnson then sent a letter calling on Ukrainian President Zelensky to fire Ukraine's Ambassador to the United States. And this comes as Zelensky will meet with senate leaders, but Johnson did not want to meet with him. Here's the letter from MAGA Mike Johnson that he sent on September 25th. Dear President Zelensky, I demand that you immediately fire Ukraine's Ambassador to the United States. As you have said, Ukrainians have tried to avoid being captured by American domestic politics and influencing the choices of the American people ahead of the November election.


Clearly, that objective was abandoned this week when the ambassador organized an event in which you toured an American manufacturing site. The facility was in a politically contested battleground state was led by a top political surrogate for Kamala Harris and failed to include a single Republican because on purpose, no Republicans were invited. By the way, this is coming from someone who was refusing to meet with President Zelensky maga. Mike Johnson goes on to say the tour was clearly a partisan campaign event designed to help Democrats and is clearly election interference.


This shortsighted and intentionally political move has caused Republicans to lose trust in the ambassadors ability to fairly and effectively serve as a diplomat in this country. She should be removed from her post immediately. Additionally, as I have clearly stated in the past, all foreign nations should avoid opining or interfering in American domestic politics. Support for ending Russia's war against Ukraine continues to be bipartisan, but our relationship is unnecessarily tested and needlessly tarnished when the candidates at the top of the Republican presidential ticket are targeted in the media by officials in your government, which is again, not playing, not the true at all.


And you see they're working their reps right there. Here's what MAGA Mike Johnson was whining about Zelensky visiting the Scranton Army ammunition plant in Pennsylvania where the how it surrounds are being manufactured Here, play this clip. Thank you.


And then I think it's important to show you this. This is from the new Lev Parnas documentary that's out there, and Lev released this footage right here and it shows over here like how Donald Trump previously when he was in office, what led him to want to fire the Ukrainian ambassador. Lev didn't even know what he was talking about, but Lev was like, we need to fire, you know, the ambassador, they don't like you. And then just, just watch this whole interaction. It's pretty powerful stuff here. Play this clip. How Long were did Ukraine last in a fight with Russia? I don't think very long without us. Not very long. Ukraine has oil. Oh, what lot of people.


One in Europe. Yeah, we could. Ukraine. Yes. The biggest problem there, I think is we gotta get rid of the ambassador and she's still left over from the Clinton administration who were the Ambassador. Were Ukraine. Get rid of her. Okay, get her out tomorrow. Take her out. Okay. And finally, here's an ad that Vice President Kamala Harris is currently running. Play this clip. When Mongol warriors stormed Ukraine, Keith's church Bells rang a night warning, they rang again when Ukrainians rallied for democracy. Today the warning, the world of Putin's threat to freedom. Yet Donald, Trump embraces Putin, Not like Putin. He likes me. He picked JD Vance.


I don't really care what happens to you Ukraine, But Kamala Harris cares. She knows standing up to Putin keeps America safe. Here's another ad that she's running here. Play this clip. Mr. Gorbachev teared down this war. And when one man is enslaved, all are not free. American presidents, Republican and Democrat have always defied Russia's communist dictators and defended American ideals. Kamala Harris gets this. If We stand by while an aggressor invades its neighbor with impunity, they will keep going. Kamala Harris will stand up to Putin, protect our allies and keep us safe.


Tell me What you think. Hit subscribe, and let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.