(1s):
You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a price they have. My favorite brand. It's like a whole new bu. Ah, I I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals you'll love Burlington. I told you. So.

(31s):
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.

(53s):
When you wake up in the Trump regime and you see headlines like this this morning, worse consumer Confidence since November, 2022. And the Atlanta Federal Reserve predicts a negative 2.8% GDP. So a 2.8% contraction. You see headlines like this, China, China's President, g Woos, global business leaders as Trump intensifies trade war. Cause let me show you the effect. Let me show you the outcome here. Donald Trump is panicked. He's posting the following. I just finished speaking with Prime Minister Mark Carney of Canada. It was an extremely productive call. We agree on many things and we will be I meeting immediately after Canada's upcoming election to work on elements of politics, business, and all other factors that will end up being great for both the United States of America and Canada.

(1m 45s):
Thank you for your attention to this matter. Explanation point. So there's really no mention there of 51st State, no calling Prime Minister Carney a governor. No attack on Canada there because when you show strength to Donald Trump and you push him into a corner like a little cornered rat, by the way, no offense to cornered rats. Trump is a weakened, pathetic individual who backs down like that and Canada is showing strength. What Canada should realize though, is that Donald Trump and his chameleon-like ways, he'll then say what needs to be said to try to then re endear himself to you and then he will try to screw you over again.

(2m 26s):
And so that's what we see from Donald Trump as he kind of shows weakness, he goes through strength to whining, to victimhood. So be very, very careful of it. But you can see what a cornered rat he is. Again, no offense to cornered rats. Take a look at this chart right here 'cause we're getting this data this morning from the University of Michigan Consumer expectations. Heather Long, a very well known and respected economist says the following. This is one of the scariest charts I've seen in a while when Americans are asked, do you think your financial situation will be better off in a year? They increasingly say no. In the vibe session under former President Biden, people gave the economy poor grades, but they were generally optimistic about their personal finances, especially the rich under Trump 2025.

(3m 14s):
People at all income levels are worried that they will be worse off in a year. This is the type of situation that causes people to really pull back on spending. This is what is different than 2023 or 2024. She also posts the following, a huge drop in consumer sentiment among all income groups. Wow. Even the rich are worried now. Sentiment is down more than 30% since November. People are worried they will lose their jobs. Two thirds of consumers expect unemployment to rise in the year ahead. This is the highest concern since 2009. A great recession, people are fearful. Tariffs will drive up prices. Even high income consumers are concerned about their personal finances.

(3m 58s):
Only 26% of higher income consumers expect to be better off financially in a year down from 42% in August, 2024. Donald Trump is panicking for a lot of reasons this morning as well. He continues to lose in the federal courts. As we reported recently, the DC Circuit Court of Appeals upheld federal Judge Berg's ruling stopping Donald Trump from kidnapping migrants in the United States and not providing them any process and then shipping them to concentration camps in El Salvador. And then making ISIS style videos of the brutality inflicted on the individuals in the concentration camp.

(4m 39s):
Right? We've been sharing you stories of individuals who were here lawfully from Venezuela, asylum seekers who had court appearances coming up, who never engaged in any crimes in Venezuela or here. These were people who were bakers hairstylists, soccer coaches. They had tattoos. And as a result, the Trump regime said their trend, Deua gang members, their terrorists, their enemy combatants off you go to concentration camps, never to be heard from again, perhaps for the rest of their life, dying in the El Salvador concentration camp system. And then the Trump regime makes cartoons and mocks those individuals. And what we just saw happen this morning, the Trump regime went to the United States Supreme Court right away and said, Hey, you have to overturn what the DC Circuit Court of Appeals and what the federal court has done here.

(5m 30s):
Here is what the Trump regime has said. As Kyle Cheney says, the Trump administration uses its petition to vent about courts in joining his policies on a fairly regular basis. You see, when you break the law, you're gonna have a lot of court rulings against you, Trump's adversaries. And some judges have said this is a reaction to the unprecedented assertions of executive power Trump has mounted since taking office. Yeah, I mean, that would mean that Trump has violated the law over and over again. And when you don't provide people due process and we learn stories about say, you know, a gay hairstylist from Venezuela who's not a gang member, who fled and is a political exile and is now in a concentration camp, or the soccer coach who had the real Madrid tattoo, that starts to cause serious concerns, especially when you're kidnapping human beings and sending 'em to concentration camps.

(6m 24s):
You all know how important sleep is to me. That's why I am obsessed with my helix mattress. With everything going on in life from work to a demanding social schedule and more, it's incredibly important to me that I'm getting a good night of sleep every night. My wife could attest. We've had our helix mattress for over two years now and our sleep quality has improved tremendously. The Helix lineup offers 20 unique mattresses, including the award-winning UX collection, the newly released Helix Elite Collection, a mattress designed for big and tall sleepers and even a mattress made just for kids. So how will you know which mattress works best for you and your body? Well take the Helix sleep quiz and find your perfect mattress in under two minutes. And your personalized mattress is shipped straight to your door, free of charge. I took the Helix sleep quiz and I was match with a helix sunset mattress. 'cause I want something that felt soft. And while I sleep on my side all night, the Helix Sunset is a complete upgrade for my previous mattress. And if my partner is tossing and turning all night, I don't even feel a thing. It is amazing. Helix knows there's no better way to test out a new mattress than by sleeping on it in your own home. That's why they offer a 100 night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty to try out your new Helix mattress. Helix has also been awarded the number one mattress pick by GQ and Wired Magazine. It is even recommended by multiple leading chiropractors and doctors of sleep medicine as a go-to solution for improving your sleep. Helix is offering 25% Off Sitewide if you go to helix sleep.com/midas, that's helix sleep.com/midas. M-E-I-D-A-S. This is their best offer yet and it won't last long with Helix. Better Sleep starts now.

(8m 8s):
But for all the law and order bluster, remember we've been reporting on how the Trump regime, remember all during the election, we would pro, we would report on all these stunts of the Trump regime. Oh, and they would have, remember, remember they had like the wrapper, chef G in the Bronx. Remember Trump did this event in the Bronx and he was trying to get the black vote. So he had Chef G who had like a grill on his teeth. And then so Trump could say, you see, look, black people like me, so black people should vote for me. Look, this guy, chef G, this rapper likes me, so therefore I'm good to the black community. That was basically Trump's pitch. Well, this morning that New York rapper, chef G who joined Trump at the campaign rally pled guilty to attempted murder.

(8m 56s):
He's a gang member and he pled guilty to paying other gang members to go out and kill people from rival gangs. Remember how like, I was like, why isn't any corporate media talking about that? Trump literally has like actual gang members who kill people on stage and they're just treating it like that's normal behavior, right? And isn't it interesting that Donald Trump is kidnapping people who are not gang members and sending them to concentration camps like the people who I talked about, the gay hairstylist, the soccer coach and, and women who don't even who the, the El Salvador concentration camps don't even take women, but, but Donald Trump at his events have gang members who are actually terrorizing New York and the Bronx and that those are keynote speakers at Donald Trump's event.

(9m 48s):
By the way, you remember like how he had like sexual assaulters at a lot of his events too? Were like people who engaged in like statutory rape speak with him at the events. Remember like Lawrence Taylor, who was convicted of proposition with a minor, spoke at one of his events and like that seemed to be a through line. And by the way, Trump was found liable of sexual assault. Oh, by the way, attorney General Pam Bondy, Hey, where are those Epstein tapes? You, you're never gonna release the Epstein tapes. The Epstein files weren't those supposed to be released, like, I don't know, 65 days ago? Y'all are liars about everything. Also just reported as well. Bank of America economists now believe that we will be in what they call modest stagflation.

(10m 30s):
Although the word modest and stagflation should not be used to qualify. Stagflation iss horrible stagflation means crashing, GDP and surging inflation. So when Bank of America economists say they will, there will be stagflation. And these are fairly conservative economists who want to try to paint a cheery picture, hence the use of the word modest. Before stagflation. They said, this is the outcome that's likely gonna happen this year. That's bad. The reason that we're a little bit prone to stagflation right now, especially the inflation part, is the starting point has been not very favorable. I just, they use all these euphemistic terms to be like, you know, to be like Donald Trump is crashing.

(11m 11s):
The freaking economy is how they can basically say, or just so you can see, we did report on this, our editor in chief Ron Philip Kowski. And this was months and months and months ago at Trump's Bronx rally. We tried to warn you, sleepy Hollow and Chef G were indicted last May, along with 30 other gang members on a 140 count criminal indictment, including murder. And at least 12 shootings. Chef G then posted a 1.5 million cash bond. And then he was invited right away to speak at the Trump rally. And Trump was like, ha ha, I like your grill. I like your grill. So utterly stupid and dumb. Senator Duckworth says the following, you're, she's posting this article from the New York Times Signal Chat.

(11m 52s):
Leaker Leak angers us military pilots, men and women who have taken to the air on behalf of the United States. Pilots express bewilderment after the leak attack plans, you're going to kill somebody. One pilot said, as Tammy Duckworth, Senator Duckworth says, for the safety of our troops, HEIF has got to go. He's putting the, the, our, the lives of our, of our troops, of our pilots, of our armed forces in jeopardy. And then he does those weird press conferences where he like licks his lips and lips, his cheeks. The whole thing is really strange. This guy never led anything in the military before.

(12m 34s):
He was a Fox News host. He should not be the defense secretary. And you see the stupidity in these text messages where he and the national security advisor create the Houthis PC small group chat where they are giving war plans. And then they act like this is a great thing. American people aren't stupid. Like we know that's bad. Oh my gosh. Oh, and by the way, to all of the union workers for Trump, that's kind of like being, you know, pigs in favor of the slaughterhouse. Basically, Trump signed an executive order last night, illegally canceling union contracts for about 67% of the federal workforce and 75% of unionized federal employees, roughly 700,000 union workers.

(13m 19s):
Where? Where's Sean O'Brien? The head of the teamsters there. I love the Teamsters. I am a big fan of the Teamsters Union, but Sean O'Brien said Donald Trump was gonna be great for labor. He said, Chavez Dreamer, the labor secretary said she was great, even though she doesn't even support the Pro Act. What do you go, what are you doing? So where's, where's your comment about this? This may be the single biggest attack on the labor movement in American history. Some better news to report, I suppose, the Midas Touch Network, the podcast, the network's beating Fox. Were good on a day-to-day basis.

(13m 60s):
More digital views here than on Fox. And the Midas Touch Podcast is getting now double the monthly downloads, double the monthly downloads as Joe Rogan double. And so the White House has responded by creating what they call Podcast Row to try to help their right wing podcasters right now. So that's what they've created podcast wrote to try to have them beat us and get more views than us. Ridiculous. Go to midas plus.com, M-E-I-D-A-S-P-L-U s.com for more news. I wrote a whole article about this podcast wrote thing that the White House is doing to try to get more views than us.

(14m 42s):
Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching. Can't get Enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more. Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.