
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it, and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed, Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms. Apply


This MLB season. FanDuel S Dinger. Tuesday is back, And this year all customers get a profit boost to BET home runs every week. So gear up to go yard all season long on FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 Plus in President Select states opt in required bonus issued is non Withable profit Boost tokens. Restrictions apply, including any token expiration in max wager amount. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER


10 years from today, Lisa Schneider will trade in her office job to become the leader of a pack of dogs as the owner of her own dog rescue. That is a second act made possible by the re-skilling courses. Lisa's taking now with A A RP to help make sure her income lives as long as she does, and she can finally run with the big dogs and the small dogs who just think they're big dogs. That's why the younger you are the more you need A A RP. Learn more at aarp.org/skills.


Want to sharpen your aim? Save money on ammo and train like the pros, all from the comfort of your home. Meet Mantis X, the cutting edge dry fire training system used by the Marine Corps Army and special forces to build precision and confidence. 94% of shooters report improved accuracy in just 20 minutes, And you could be next. With Mantis X, you train with your own firearm anytime, anywhere, without wasting a single round in less than two weeks. The system pays for itself And ammo savings alone. As a proud gun owner, I believe in the Second Amendment, but rights come with responsibility. That means refining your accuracy, mastering your skills, and staying prepared every time you train. Whether you're a new shooter or an experienced marksman, Mantisx X helps you train smarter, shoot better, and defend what matters most. Get yours today at Mantisx x.com. That's Mantisx x.com.


That was Donald Trump getting largely booed as he was in the Netherlands heading to the Hague for the NATO summit. Take a look at Donald Trump right here. How awkward he looked when he was in the presence of adult world leaders surrounding him. Before Donald Trump arrived in the Netherlands, you saw a lot of NATO countries bolstering the relationships amongst themselves, isolating the United States. For example, Canada signed a defense pact with the European Union where they basically said, look, our sovereignty is under attack without saying the United States. Basically by saying by Trump, and we need to stand firm together.


And Canada's looking towards Europe instead of the United States. And Europe's looking towards Canada while Donald Trump was in the Netherlands. A few in important points. First off, as Donald Trump was arriving while he was on the plane, he said that he wouldn't necessarily commit to the Article five Obligations of NATO for mutual defense. He says it has lots of definitions, which it doesn't. It has one definition of mutual defense. So here, play this clip. Are you committed to Article five of nato? It depends on your definition. There's numerous definitions of Article five.


You know that, right? But I'm committed to being their friends. You know, I've become friends with many of those leaders and I'm committed to helping them. And then of course, Donald Trump was talking about Vladimir Putin on the plane because what else would he talk about? Play the clip. You know, I'd like to see a deal with Russia, as you know. Vladimir called me up. He said, can I help you with Iran? I said, no, I don't need help with Iran. I need help with you, and I hope we're gonna be getting a deal done with Russia. Then around 3:00 AM in the morning, Donald Trump posted the following, all caps, fake news, CNN. Together with the failing New York Times have teamed up in an attempt to demean one of the most successful military strikes in history.


The nuclear sites in Iran are completely destroyed. Exclamation point, both the times and CNN are getting slammed by the public. Now, the person who's getting slammed by the public is you, Donald. Your approval rating has fallen to the lowest levels in the Gallup poll. Thus far, 57% of Americans disapprove. Only 40% of Americans approve. This is in line with the Quinnipiac and u gov and Reuters Ipsos, which has Donald Trump's approval. And that 37% to 41% range really the lowest ever for a president at this time in their term.


Donald Trump then also posts this from the Detroit Free Press, and this is how Gnet had all of their coverage from all of their local papers. It says obliterated. And so I guess Donald Trump's trying to use as justification or as evidence that the nuclear sites in Iran were obliterated was by posting a newspaper that is quoting him lying and saying Obliterated. 'cause what we actually learned is a few things. First, Iran's enriched uranium stockpile was largely moved before the US strikes, according to the New York Times in several other outlets.


And that came from our intelligence sources, as well as Israeli intelligence as well. Donald Trump basically tipped Iran off as to the strikes that were going to happen, and they moved the uranium also. This was a CNN exclusive, and then New York Times confirmed that's what Donald Trump was whining about. At 3:00 AM in Europe exclusive, early US Intel assessment suggest strikes on Iran did not destroy nuclear sites. And then the New York Times report says the nuclear sites were damaged but not destroyed, and that the centrifuge in a lot of the areas underground, are still very much intact.


As our editor-in-chief at the Midas Touch Network, Ron Popowski writes, the problem with having a congenital liar as president is that sometimes the firehouse of lies can be laughably cartoonish, but more often they involve things that are really freaking important for the American people and the world to know, like nuclear weapons. Now, here's the thing. Donald Trump had an opportunity to share the intelligence with a bipartisan group of Democrats and Republicans from the House and the Senate. There was a bipartisan classified member briefing that was supposed to take place yesterday, who was supposed to present on behalf of the Trump regime.


Tulsi Gabbard, the Director of National Intelligence, John Ratcliffe, the director of Central Intelligence, general Dan Kain, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Chris Landau, the Deputy Secretary of State, and Steve Feinberg, deputy Secretary of Defense. But Donald Trump canceled that bipartisan classified member briefing. They said another one was supposed to take place on Thursday, but now we're hearing that it's been indefinitely canceled because the Trump regime does not want to share the damage assessment that was leaked to CNN and the New York Times, which shows that Donald Trump strikes on the Iranian nuclear sites were a failure.


Also, his ceased fire appears to be a failure as well. Israel's military chief said yesterday that the campaign against Iran is not over, but all the Trump regime people want to talk about is, can you give Donald Trump a Nobel Peace Prize? He deserves a Nobel Peace Prize. We heard that over and over again on Fox Don Jr. Posting affirmative action is when Barack Obama gets the Nobel Prize instead of Donald Trump. And you know, they're racist about it. Also, as our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski writes like, they are really obsessed with this peace prize thing. It's absolutely ridiculous. Over in Beirut and a lot of other Islamic countries, they are mocking Donald Trump right now, and they are showing Donald Trump begging like a dog in front of Ayatollah Khomeini, which is, again, an embarrassing thing to look at.


But that's their propaganda that they have right there. And you know, again, they, they, they believe that Donald Trump is weak. Again, I'll give you my opinion. Let me be very first, my opinion is Donald Trump is weak and pathetic and comes up with fake deals and lies about everything out of his mouth. I don't want to see the ayatollah have nuclear weapons. I would like to see denuclearization. I also don't want protracted never ending Middle East wars. I don't want there to be a Middle East War. Our intelligence did not show that Iran was capable of having a nuclear weapon anytime soon. In fact, quite the contrary, that they weren't going to have one, and that this has made the world less safe.


That's how I feel about it. I want to be based on the truth and not based on lies. That got us into Iraq. In a more egregious example, even right now, we got, we got a weird posts like this. JD van's posts. I wonder if other VPs had as much excitement as I do. What are you talking about, man? Just, you're the vice president of the United States Grow up, act like an adult who posts things like that. Then Magar, Republican congress member Thomas Massey responds. Yeah, ask Mike Pence about his last month with Donald Trump.


Here was a post from the regime's chief propagandist, Caroline Levitt. She goes, this alleged assessment that was leaked to CNN and New York Times is flat out wrong and was classified as top secret, but was still leaked to CNN by an anonymous low level loser in the intelligence community. Okay, well, if it was really a low level loser, why was it then top secret? And why do you care if it was a low level loser? They then just say it's false. Then share the real intelligence with the House and the Senate and address the issue with the American people and show us the data and show us the facts. Isn't that kind of a concession what she says there in this denial?


It goes on to say, the leaking of this alleged assessment is a clear attempt to demean President Trump and discredit the brave fighter pilots who conducted a perfectly executed mission to obliterate Iran's nuclear program. Do you notice how Donald Trump tries to pull the fighter pilots into it? If you're saying that Donald Trump's lying, you must be saying the fighter pilots are lying. No, the fighter pilots did their job. They were brave. They, they can't predict where the uranium's going to be. The our, our troops deserve all the credit in the world. You know, they carried out the mission. They did it bravely. Donald Trump's the one who calls our troops suckers and losers, and now he's trying to hide behind them.


If you attack Trump, you're attacking our troops. Nah, screw that. We're attacking Trump because he's a fricking liar, a felon, a sexual abuser, a bankrupt or, and a piece of crap. That's why we're doing it. But notice how the magar Republican talking points have all changed. Like, did you notice MAGA Mike Johnson going on TV saying there, we should never be under illusions, that you can just kill the nuclear ambition overnight. That's literally what Trump said, that he was gonna de that it was all denuclearized overnight. That's what you all told us. But here's MAGA mike, right? Right now, Mr. Speaker Reuters is reporting Iran's nuclear chief says, we're going to immediately start reconstituting our nuclear program.


I mean, that's, this is how do you negotiate that? Are you, are you kidding me? It, it, it's, it's madness. I mean, we're under no illusion that you can just kill all their nuclear ambition overnight, but I think reality has set in over there. We have decimated the upper echelon of their military command as well as their nuclear scientist. I mean, there, there's not much left for them to rebuild upon, but the idea that they would put out a statement like that at this fragile moment is very frustrating. It it, it goes to show you why Iran has always been an irrational actor. This is, they're not to be trusted, but we've gotta use force. I mean, this is what peace through strength really means. You've gotta forge the peace through the exercise of strength.


That's what decisive leadership, strong leadership that President Trump has provided here allows the opportunity for. So we're gonna be consistent. Our message and our actions are gonna be consistent. We are going to bring this to a close one way or the other. Here's MAGA Republican, Mike Turner, who's one of the top people when it comes to the MAGA Republicans on the intelligence Committee play this clip. But then let's go to the next step is that we have this headline that CNN is reporting what the headline says, US bombs did not destroy Iran's nuclear sites. Early Intel suggests. What's what's troubling about that headline, and Phil, let's, let's try to, you know, get us all back on track here, is that that headline is not fake news, but it's, it's not news because the administration did not say that the bombs destroyed Iran's nuclear sites.


I have in front of me the president's statement and the president said that they had sent, they had carried out massive precision strikes on three key nuclear facilities. Alright, so you're all just like changing your two now and just saying completely opposite stuff right now. Now, I, I don't wanna lose sight as well on the disastrous budget bill because the Senate is still trying to make it even worse than what we saw in the house. According to the, take a look at these polls, Fox says that the disastrous budget bill has a 38% favorability rate. Quinnipiac says it has a 27% favorability rating, KFF 35% favorable Pew 29% Washington Post Ipsos 23% favorable.


So a very unpopular, disastrous budget bill. A good update that we got is remember the provision that the MAGA tried to stick in there to sell off 250 million acres of public land to Trump's billionaire friends. Fortunately, the Senate parliamentarian said that that cannot go into this bill through the reconciliation process. So that's at least, at least some good news. But the, the, the attacks on Medicaid are actually far worse in the Senate bill than even the House, which was taking away Medicaid from 15 million people. I'll, I'll just leave you at this 'cause it shows you just Donald Trump's low character right here.


So when Donald Trump was whining that his ceasefire wasn't being followed, just watch how he behaves. He just starts using the F-bomb and just starts cursing and saying, FFUC. I mean, it's just, again, like who talks like this? Like who speaks like who, who behaves like this as the, as the leader of the United States? It's so strange here. Let's play this clip right here. You know what we have? We basically have two countries that have, have been fighting so long and so hard that they don't know what the fuck they're doing. Do you understand that? You have You had, Well, there you have it, folks. We'll keep you posted with more.


Keep checking on this channel every 60 or 90 minutes. That's how we update everything. Go to midas plus.com. That's our substack. We appreciate you so much. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. New Midas merch drop. Check out the latest pro democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Do midas touch.com.