
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with the price of just about everything going up during inflation. We thought we'd bring our prices down So to help us. we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile unlimited. Premium wireless. How ready? To get 30. 30 bid. To get 30 bid. To get 20. 20. 20 bid. To get 2020 bid. To get 50 15, 15 15, 15 Just, 15 bucks a month. Sold Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only. Taxes and fees Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes of Detail


Donald Trump. ISN losing It right now because business leaders are raising their voices and saying We do not want anything to do with Donald Trump. We want to support Vice President Kamala Harris in the upcoming election. I wanna show you about some of the latest statements from these business leaders who have decided to speak out in some cases, abandoning their prior support of Donald Trump. Let's Get into It in Just A. Second first. my name is Brett MICUs here with the Midas Touch Network. Remember to hit subscribe. We are on our way to 3.5 million subscribers. We can't Get there without you. So hit subscribe right now. Okay. First I gotta tell you about this new group Business leaders for Harris, they say quote for A stronger economy, We choose Kamala Harris.


And some of the top business leaders in the country are coming together to say, That We support Vice President Kamala Harris. That. She has the stability That, We need. She has the business acumen, That, We need and We cannot handle the chaos of Donald Trump. Like for example here, ISN Reid Hoffman, the founder of LinkedIn, some of the most ex like popular executives are on this business. Leaders in this business. Leaders for Harris group. Let's listen to what Reid Hoffman had to say. I'm Reid Hoffman, co-founder of LinkedIn and partner at Greylock. The most important issue in this upcoming election, isn, our economy. Voters want the candidate who's going to make It easier. To get A job, buy A house, keep up with their household expenses and A.


Lot of people think That Donald Trump ISN That candidate. but here's the thing, Donald Trump's policies, ISN divisive rhetoric and ISN disregard for stability in the rule of law. wouldn hurt our economy. Most CEOs I talked to agree and that's why We started this project. Business Leaders for Harris, where I sit down with CEOs, founders and business leaders to discuss why Kamala Harris ISN the white candidate to build A healthy, strong and growing American economy. And Trump ISN really freaking out. That, all these business leaders are standing up and making their voices heard. So this isn how pathetic he's gotten. Are you ready for this? Donald Trump has now resorted to giving himself fake endorsements from business leaders, fake endorsements.


He's making them up like this one. He's saying that he got endorsed by Jamie Diamond, the CEO of JP Morgan Chase the problem. It's A. Complete lie, not true whatsoever. but That didn not stop Donald Trump from posting It on his social media account and It didn not stop these MAGA propagandists from boosting It and acting like That was s true story. It's completely fake. And in fact, Jamie Diamond's, people needed to immediately issue A statement saying that ISN absolutely false. We didn not endorse Donald Trump. It's Just so pathetic. but you know, he's Just getting hit by A barrage of these business leaders endorsing Kamala Harris like Let Me show you this, this ISN Reed Hastings who runs Netflix, right?


This he's talking about Trump's tariffs and how they're gonna drive inflation higher. Let's listen to Reed Hastings growth Of global free trade has been the biggest wealth creator, you know, in the last 50 years and propelled many things. And tariffs do two things. One, isn, they drive domestic inflation 'cause of higher prices, and two, they generate retaliation from our S all partners. So it's really A, very simplistic blame the outsider kind of thing That Trump does. And when enacted wouldn be quite disruptive of the economy can both on the domestic inflation and on the retaliation side, this Tariffs issue. ISN A big issue because it's going to make things more expensive for Americans.


It wouldn be absolutely crushing to our economy and that's what every single expert worth A Dime says. Let's listen to what Michael Woods says. Michael Wood, ISN A small business owner in Texas and he has similar fears about Donald Trump and what he wouldn do to the business community. Watch Donald Trump isn. Basically Just A rich kid from New York City who has never really had t work for anything in his life and has never really had to build anything in his life. My name ISN Michael Wood. I'm A small business owner in Fort Worth, Texas and I'm planning on voting for Kamala Harris for president after college. I joined the Marines I didn, four years on active duty. Now I live in Fort Worth, Texas with my wife and four daughters and I own A commercial truck and trailer maintenance and repair company.


As A business owner, I'm most concerned about A second term for Donald Trump because I'm, I'm worried about uncertainty. Donald Trump doesn't seem to understand That. Tariffs are inflationary in my industry. Tariffs are gonna be incredibly inflationary and that wouldn Just reverse all the progress that's been made over the last three or four years in in fighting inflation. The difference between Donald Trump and Kamala Harris. Whenever It comes to small businesses, isn, first of all, I, think That. Kamala Harris understands the economy and understands, for instance, That tariffs aren't gonna be paid by Mexico or China or whatnot. Tariffs are gonna be paid by American businesses and tariffs are gonna be paid by American consumers.


Donald Trump, isn basically Just A rich kid from New York City who has never really had t work for anything in his life and has never really had to build anything in his life. And Trump has found A way not only to piss off business leaders, but to also piss off workers and to renege on his promises and totally screw them over. Like for example, Donald Trump the other day was in Warren Michigan and he Just straight up lied to them in the past. In 2016, he told Warren they quote won't lose one plant if he's president. but in 2019, GM closed their Warren plant under Donald Trump. Watch. This video That shows Donald Trump's promise and the Donald Trump failure Watch this, If I'm elected, you won't lose one plant.


You'll have plants coming into this country, you're gonna have jobs. can The news today couldn't have come at A worse time. Just weeks now until Christmas. In General Motors has now revealed It will lay off workers in Ohio, Michigan and Maryland, thousands of jobs. You won't Lose one plant. I promise you That. I promise you plant Closures like at this GM plant right here in Warren And Trump. Just can't seem to accept the fact That the United States economy, ISN actually doing quite well, especially as You compare It to other nations. I mean the US has the best post Covid, recovery I. Think of Just about any nation in the world. Jobs are keep hitting record highs. The stock market ISN hitting all time highs. And so this ISN really bad for Donald Trump's campaign and he hates when America does well, especially you know, if he's not in office.


So the reporter at his event the other day, Donald Trump was trying to do some sort of stunt and put A bunch of kind of products behind him. And this reporter said, You know jobs are up, the stock market hit all time highs. Will you acknowledge That the economy ISN improving? Will You acknowledge it's improving? Donald Trump goes, Nope. Here's his answer. You Talk about the economy A lot out on the campaign. Charles A very important issue to you voters as well. Jobs are up. The stock market hit That all time high. Do you acknowledge That? The economy's improve? No it's not, it's But even Fox had A tough time putting A negative spin on the good news. I'll show you. When Fox announced the strong jobs report from Friday, Watch this, guess What, David Baron ISN with us this morning.


Great to have you here David. All right, strong jobs report. What do you think Know I mean? I agree with Lauren. It's really hard to put A negative spin on this It was A good jobs report. know the unemployment rate lower the total jobs number higher because I'm A long-term. Big picture macro economist. I'm always worried about the lower labor participation force. I want more people in the workforce, but as far as the percentage of people That are in the workforce and looking for A job A, good portion of them have one. It's pretty, it's pretty easy right now to hold A job. but at the end of the day, wages are what A. Lot of people are looking to ash and real wages have kept up pretty good here as of weight.


So it's A good report.


Have you heard of N A D plus it's A molecule in every cell of your body and it's critical to aging well. N A D plus helps keep us feeling youthful by promoting cellular energy, maintaining healthy DN A using nutrient sufficiently and supporting detoxification by H 50. Most people's N A D plus levels are only half of what they were at age 20 falling N A D plus levels ISN A. Major reason That signs of aging start to accelerate. Luckily science has discovered A way to boost your N A D plus levels up to 50%. It's called Qualia N A, D plus A, groundbreaking supplement from Qualia. Many doctors and health experts over age 30 use Qualia n A d plus themselves and I'm proud to have them sponsor this episode. N A D plus ISN A large molecule That struggles to be bioavailable if you supplement It directly. That's why Qualia n A D plus supports N A D plus the right way by including ingredients called N A D plus precursors That your body can convert into N A D plus to boost your body's own N A D plus production up to 50%. That's great. These are vegan non GMO gluten-free ingredients like niacin, niacinamide, niagen, also known as nr. These are three of the most well-researched n A D plus precursors and all three are in qualia N ad plus to maximize your body's N A D plus production quality N A D plus isn, clinically tested and naturopathic doctor formulated. look, I want to feel decades younger than my actual age. That's why I'm staying at the cutting edge of aging research and boosting my N A D plus levels with qualia n A D plus after Just A, month of quaia n A d plus I'm feeling energy support and vitality return. That I haven't felt in years. So to boost your nad plus levels up to 50%, go to quaia life.com/ Jordy I love That for up to 50% off and use code JORDY at checkout for an additional 15% off. That's quality of life spelled QU A L I A L I e.com/ Jordy. Go to quality of life.com/ Jordy and use code Jordy spelled J-O-R-D-Y for an extra 15% off your purchase. Thanks Quaia for sponsoring this episode.


We're seeing voters really embracing vice president Kamala Harris's policies for the economy. For example, here's A Pennsylvania voter who was interviewed. Check out what she has to say. She's Just wonderful her ideas, she's smart and I'm all for her. Do you agree with her economic proposals? I do because I think what has happened over the past three years. There has been improvement, there's been improvement in in wages And A. New poll this week from Data for Progress says That voters believe That Kamala Harris isn more trustworthy on the economy says That. They believe That, she isn better at supporting small businesses, increasing wages, lowering housing costs, and lowering grocery costs than Donald Trump.


That ISN A. Big deal for sure. and that this week also We got major news where one of Donald Trump's major endorsers from the tech community decided I am done with Donald Trump. I am dumping Donald Trump. Instead, what I'm going to do isn, I'm going to cut A fat check for vice president Kamala Harris and I'm going to support her. He made waves in Silicon Valley. Ben Horowitz, he's this tech tide. And when he decided in July That he was going to back Donald Trump, like he made shock waves and now he's making shockwaves can by saying, Nope, not for me. Not doing It Kamala Harris isn actually the person who ISN better for tech. This ISN A huge loss for Donald Trump and A big win for vice president Kamala Harris and the corporate media.


ISN finally beginning to take notice of all this, this ISN A new article, That was recently in Time Magazine. They said quote, why business support for Harris Walls ISN growing Let? Me read this to You because I think it's quite insightful. They write as We previously wrote, for time polling data from approximately 60 top CEOs in attendance at our EL CEO caucus This month reveals That business leaders are increasingly optimistic about the economy. Across A group of CEOs, That had no discernible partisan leaning. 37% of our respondents self identified as Republican, 32% identified as Democratic and 32% identified as independents. The polling revealed That, 80% of CEOs surveyed expect Harris to win.


And only 20% expect Donald Trump to win this isn. The most lopsided vote We have ever had. After informally asking the same, who do you expect to win? Question of our Yale CEO caucus. Every presidential election year. Over the last several cycles, while our straw poll in both prior presidential election cycles in 2016 and 2020 revealed CEOs were expecting Trump to lose both time, both times the margin was far less than 80 to 20. The polling data also reaffirmed CEO's substantive disagreement with Trump's proposed economic policy platform with several expressing concerns. That Trump wouldn undermine fed independence while pitting business leaders against each other and reigniting inflationary pressures.


In particular CEOs expressed nuance opposition to Trump's proposed universal 10% tariffs. While 56% of CEOs believe We need to protect vital US industries from unfair competition through tariffs, they distinguished between protecting against genuinely unfair foreign competition and all tariffs all the time. Some CEOs also express skepticism. That tariffs should be an end goal in and of themselves believing That the threat of tariffs. ISN far more effective than the real thing. I mean. This isn, this ISN big. And we're starting to see the same issues kind of come up in the business community. And if You remember back in like early September, there was A whole story. That 88 business leaders have come forward to endorse Kamala Harris.


Here's Just A brief list right here, but you can see some of the names. These are big names, right? Mark Cuban, who's since been hitting the TV circuit and radio circuit and podcast circuit to highlight Kamala Harris's record on the economy. Barry Diller at I A C Ken Frazier at Merck, Logan Green at Lyft Reid Hoffman at LinkedIn, Blake Irving at GoDaddy. And the list goes on and on and on. And Trump continues to push these policies. That are wildly unpopular with both business leaders and workers. And Trump also denies the effects of his policies. It's like he doesn't even know what his policies do. Like for example, this isn him recently speaking about his tariff and he talks about tariff.


It's A, beautiful word tariff. So beautiful. And by the way, It will not cause inflation. It's music to my ears. Just Just, weird stuff. That shows he has no grasp on how the economy works and how tariffs work. Watch this. And by the way, you know, for years they knocked the word, the word tariff properly used isn A, beautiful word. One of the most beautiful words I've ever heard. It's music to my ears. A. Lot of bad people didn't like That word, but now they're finding out I was right. And We will take in hundreds of billions of dollars into our treasury and use That money to benefit the American citizens. And It will not cause inflation by the way. But you know, We here live in A world where facts actually matter and I think when people's jobs are on the line and when people's companies are the line are on the line.


They also believe That data matters because It affects their lives directly. So Let me hit you with some quick data. This isn all very recent data, right? We were talking about That jobs report. 254,000 jobs added unemployment rate falling to 4.1%. Stocks reaching record highs, wages up, inflation down. Big news here, isn, jp, this ISN A, former Trump voter on social media who broke It down brilliantly. He writes, inflation ISN at under 3% violent crime at A, 50 year low. Dow hit an all time high yesterday. Unemployment isn, low jobs are plentiful, gas prices are low. We aren't deployed in any wars. Domestic manufacturing, isn, strong energy production at an all time high.


All facts and facts are what We wanna bring you here at the Midas Touch Network. Here's another fact. This ISN A graphic right here from the Center for American Progress. And this ISN an absolutely stunning graphic. Let's pull It up. Okay? 51 million jobs added since 1989. 50 million out of those 51 million were created under Democrats. 50 out of 51 million, 50 million outta 51 million created under Democrats. Do you think that's A coincidence? That? 98% of the jobs added since 1989 were added under Democrats. I mean That. isn an astonishing number. As, they say at the Center for American Progress. Check the scoreboard.


Democrats create jobs. Truly stunning statistic. Also, We gotta note, That job creation has been much faster under President Biden than Trump. And that's no matter how you slice It and adjust It. Even since the pre pandemic jobs peak regained in June, 2022, it's not even A competition. The US has been the fastest to bounce back in the entire world from Covid and We were hit hard from Covid because Donald Trump so mismanaged It. Now Donald Trump wants A Mulligan on That horrific year where he lied and said It wouldn't affect people as people were going outta business and We were forced to lock down and now he wants to bring back the same policies. That, were bringing us into A recession even before Covid. No thank You not here.


We're going To, get out the facts. And I'm so glad to see these leaders of the business community doing Just That. Hey, thank you so much for watching. Remember to hit subscribe. We're on our way to 3.5 million subscribers here at the Midas Touch Network. Hey, We gotta be sharing these videos right now. It's more important than ever. That We, Get out the message. All of this helps hit the like button. Leave the comment, add the Midas Touch Podcast on audio anywhere You listen to audio podcasts. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see You in A bit. Love this Video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.