
President Biden extended an olive branch to Donald Trump to unite the country. Donald Trump just snapped it in half. It's what we expected was going to happen despite the corporate media narratives pushing out Donald Trump's, oh, it's changed him. But no it hasn't. He is the same individual. He's always been his entire life. And he is a threat to our democracy just because of this incident. It doesn't change the reality of the things that he says and does every single day. We can absolutely condemn political violence in all of its forms, which we should absolutely do, but we should not cover our eyes and close our ears to the reality of what is happening, of what they are saying.


Opposing threats to democracy is not ratcheting things up. It is calling it out like we should. Here's what Donald Trump just posted moments ago As we move forward in uniting our nation after the horrific events on Saturday, this dismissal of the lawless indictment in Florida should be just the first step followed quickly by the dismissal of all the witch hunts, the January 6th hoax in Washington DC the Manhattan District Attorney's zombie case, the New York Attorney General scam, fake claims about a woman I never met. A decade old photo in a line with her then husband does not count.


And the Georgia perfect phone call charges. The Democrat Justice Department coordinated all of these political attacks, which are an election interference, conspiracy against Joe Biden's political opponent. Me, let us come together to end all weaponization of our justice system and make America great again. To be very clear for Donald Trump, what all of this means for him is always me, me, me. He doesn't care about you. He doesn't care about we the people. He doesn't care about our democracy. He doesn't care about our institutions.


For him, unity means how can he screw us all over to enrich and benefit himself? Period. Full stop. I mean, here he is in this post calling the January 6th insurrection, a hoax saying it's not real. Saying that a phone call that he made to Georgia to find him votes to steal an election that he lost is a perfect phone call calling out a woman that he sexually assaulted the leader of the Republican Party. As we head into the Republican convention today, so we head into the Republican convention, is essentially not, essentially is mocking his sexual assault victim.


A federal judge said it's the same thing as rape. What Donald Trump engaged in. And Donald Trump's out there saying, I never met her. When Donald Trump had the opportunity to testify at that criminal trial, we remember what he did. He fled to Scotland. Remember he went to Scotland in Ireland. He claimed that he was building something so that he couldn't testify 'cause he was too afraid to show up and testify and then blamed his lawyer and threw his lawyer under the bus. In that case, remember just, I, I have the tapes just in case you wanna see it. This is during the Eugene Carroll trial when Donald Trump was supposed to testify. It was a civil case. So he was not required to testify, you know, if he didn't want to.


Here's what he did here. This is him in Ireland and Scotland on the trip he took play this clip. I have to leave Ireland and I have to leave Scotland or have great properties. I have to leave early. I don't have to, but I choose to. Will you attend the trial, Mr. President? I'll probably attend and I think it disgrace. It's a disgrace that it's allowed to happen is called false accusations against a rich guy, or in my case, against a famous, rich and political person that's leading the polls by 40 points. And I have to go back for a woman that made a false accusation about me. And I have a judge who's extremely hostile, and I'm gonna go back and I'm gonna confront this one.


This woman is a disgrace and it shouldn't be allowed to happen in our country. You, And he said he was gonna go back and confront her, which he absolutely never did. And here Donald Trump is praising federal judge Eileen Cannon, the judge who he appointed after he lost in 2020, although he still claims to this day he didn't lose the 2020 election, which we pause for a second. What a loser thing is that to run on a 2024 platform that you didn't lose in 2020 when you lost the popular vote by millions and millions of vote and got blown out in the electoral college and you're still running and saying the election was rigged.


And now you're praising a judge that you appointed who got a message from a corrupt Supreme Court, justice Clarence Thomas, who wrote a concurring opinion on his own, which was a message to judge Eileen Cannon, for her to dismiss the case against you for your theft of nuclear secrets and war plans, which we know you shared with other people. 'cause other people have talked about it. And we have you on audio recordings talking about war plans as well with people who shouldn't have it. You shared nuclear secrets with a member of Mar-a-Lago, and you are celebrating this today.


The stealing of nuclear secrets, stealing of nuclear records for Donald Trump. All this always means is how can this help him? And I just again, want to be very, very clear from everyone, all the corporate media's like, oh, it's a new tone. It's not a new tone. He's the same person who says he wants to be a dictator. He's running on a platform of I want to be a dictator. Here's a clip of him saying it. Play it. We love this guy. He says, you're not gonna be a dictator, are you? I said, no, no, no, other than day one. Here's another clip of him saying it played. When Sean Hannity the other night, I did a a town hall. He is a good guy too. He is a good guy.


But he said, okay, 'cause he wanted to play. You are not going to be a dictator, is that you're not. I said, no, no, Sean, I'm going to be a dictator. I said that right? He's guys know it better than I do. I'm going to be a dictator for one day. Now don't gaslight me and say, oh, well he doesn't really mean that. He's, he's joking. Oh, he said he is gonna be a dictator for one day. Never in the history of the United States of America have we had someone run for the highest office in our land, or frankly any office on the premise that they're going to be a dictator or even joke about.


That's supposed to be a funny joke that our, our lives just is this humor in this cosplay fascist reality TV show that is the way corporate media wants to treat is, is that supposed to be, is that supposed to be funny? Is that supposed to be humorous when Donald Trump gives speeches and says the January 6th insurrectionists are hostages free. The hostages Joe referring to the president of the United States as Joe and the insurrectionist as hostages. That's supposed to be, that's supposed to be humorous to you, corp. We're not supposed to take that seriously. That doesn't merit you getting writing editorials about it. You're play this clip of Trump saying that What they've done, and they ought to, you know what they ought to do?


They ought to release the J six hostages. They've suffered enough, they ought to release them. I call 'em hostages. Some people call 'em prisoners. I call 'em hostages. Release the J six hostages. Joe, release him. Joe, you can do it real easy, Joe. This guy, what he's done, what he's done to people.


Let's take a quick break to talk about our next sponsor, z Biotics. If you're like me, you probably skipped a workout because of drinks the night before. Look, it happens, but if you're committed to your healthy routine, you need Z biotics. Z biotics. Pre-Cool. Probiotic is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's to blame for your rough. Next day, biotics produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. It's designed to work like your liver, but in your gut where you need it most. Just remember to drink biotics before drinking alcohol, drink responsibly and get a good night's sleep to feel your best tomorrow. Recently I was celebrating my anniversary and I knew my wife and I were going to enjoy a lovely night of drinking at a local winery. As instructed, I drank a bottle of biotics before any alcohol and I was amazed at how good I felt. The next day, give Biotics a try for yourself. Go to z biotics.com/midas to get 15% off your first order when you use code Midas at checkout, that's M-E-I-D-A-S-Z. Biotics is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to z biotics.com/midas and use the code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off. Thank you Biotics for sponsoring this episode.


So our opposition to somebody saying patently fascist and authoritarian things, that's not us ratcheting up the rhetoric that is us calling attention to the issue. You know, I remember the, the, the, this is what we've been saying all along. We're like, we're telling you what Judge Cannon's going to do. And remember all of, like the elites were saying, oh, the you Midas touch, you're just using hyperbole. This is hyperbolic rhetoric. And you know, the titles that you use are, are, are just, just chill out. It's not a big deal. Well, this is Noah Rosen Rosenblum, a professor at NYU who he goes, I have been suspicious of the judge Cannon is undermining the rule of law to protect Donald Trump line of argument, mostly because of the extreme rhetoric.


I hadn't been following the case closely though. Now I feel very naive. This is bonkers. She's making things up mostly because of the extreme rhetoric. Let me explain to you what extreme rhetoric is. Extreme rhetoric is release the hostages, Joe Extreme rhetoric is attacking your sexual assault victim and mocking her extreme rhetoric is praising January 6th insurrectionist and replacing our national anthem with a song by the J sixth Choir. This is Donald Trump at every one of his speeches, it begins, not with our national anthem, but with the J sixth choir song here, play this clip.


And they asked me whether or not I would partake and do the beautiful words. And I said, yes, I would. And you saw the spirit. The the spirit was incredible. And when that came out, it went to the number one song. It was beating everybody. It beat Taylor Swift, it beat Molly Cyrus, who was number one and two. They were number one and two, we knocked them off for a long time. Show you extreme rhetoric. On the one hand you have President Biden says, there's no place in America for political violence, no exceptions. We cannot allow this kind of violence, violence to be normalized. Donald Trump, the January 6th hoax in Washington DC.


So again, please don't gaslight me that calling out this behavior of what these magar Republicans is doing, that that is equal, that that is both the both sides have both sides. Need to tone it down. The pro-democracy community saying, we want democracy, we want compassion. Stay out of our lives. Mags, stop trying to ban reproductive. Stop banning, not trying, banning women's reproductive freedoms. Stop banning books. Stop putting your AR fifteens everywhere. By the way, speaking of which, at the RNC, when you show up at the RNC, they are giving away raffles for AR fifteens right now, raffling off AR fifteens the gun that was used by a Republican white male, 20-year-old gun nut in Butler, Pennsylvania, free, free AR 15 raffles.


That's what's going on there. So, so enough about the both sides crap. This is who Donald Trump has been. This is who Donald Trump always will be. And yes, when Donald Trump makes statements that are almost verbatim what Hitler says, I'm gonna call it out and you can call me out for saying it, but, but I'm gonna show you how they are very similar, how the statements are almost identical and that these are not normal things that are used in everyday language. Trump echoing Hitler's words on the campaign trail. I will get rid of the communist vermin, I will get rid of the communist vermin. I will take care of the enemy within Trump. I will take care of the threat from within Hitler.


Jews and migrants are poisoning air and blood migrants are poisoning blood of our country. Hitler, one people, one realm, one liter, one people, one family, one glorious nation. This, this isn't, these aren't normal words that are just used in political speeches before released to hostages. Joe Js six choir, all of Donald Trump's Q Anon post. Remember after Nancy Pelosi's husband was the victim of an attempted murder, the first thing Donald Trump did was repost a Q Anon meme, which is a death cult, which spreads the conspiracies where we go one, we go all that's what Trump's posting. And he's posted over 2000 Q anon memes in the past years. Not a peep from the media, not a peep just posting Q anon memes almost every day.


And right after Nancy Pelosi's husband was the victim of an attempted murder, and then Donald Trump goes out and mocks it. He mocks Nancy Pelosi's husband makes a joke about it. Play this clip And we'll stand up to crazy Nancy Pelosi, who ruined San Francisco. How's her husband doing, by the way? Anybody know? And she's against building a wall in our border even though she has a wall around her house, which obviously didn't do a very good job. And then Donald Trump reposts videos of President Biden hog tied and gagged.


And then we're told, oh, that was just a repost. He just posted a video just posted. He posted the, he posted the video of the president of the United States being gagged and hogtied. What are we even talking about here? So judge for yourself, people take a look at it yourself. Look at the facts. And that's what Donald Trump's out there posting. Now he's out there posting right away, that type of stuff. It's a ridiculous and absurd on the other end. Here's what President Biden's saying. Play the clip. I believe politics ought to be an arena for peaceful debate. To pursue justice, to make decisions guided by the Declaration of Independence. In our constitution, we stand for an America not of extremism and fury, but of decency and grace.


All of us now face a time of testing as the election approaches. And the higher the stakes, the more fervent the passions become. This places an added burden on each of us to ensure that no matter how strong our convictions, we must never descend into violence. I'll show you one more clip of President Biden. Play the clip Here in America, everyone must be treated with dignity and respect and hate must have no safe harbor. Here in America, we need to get out of our silos where we only listen to those with whom we agree. Where misinformation is rampant. Foreign actors fan the flames of our division to shape the outcomes consistent with their interests, not ours.


Let's remember here in America, all Unity's, the most elusive of goal goals right now, nothing is more, more important for us now. And standing together, we can do this. You know from the beginning, our founders understood the power of passion. So they created a democracy that gave reason and balance a chance to prevail over a brute force. That's the American we must be. American democracy or arguments are made in good faith. American democracy, where the rule of law is respected American democracy, where decency, dignity, fair play aren't just quaint notions, but living, breathing realities.


We owe that to those who come before us, to those who gave their lives for this country where that's, we owe that to ourselves. We owe it to our children and our grandchildren. Look, let's never lose sight of who we are. Let's remember, we are the United States of America. There is nothing, nothing, nothing beyond our capacity. When we do it together, Folks, every single day we have to work. We have to work. You saw Judge Cannon's ruling. You saw the Supreme Court's ruling. You see what corporate media is doing every single day. There's more of us than there are them. They are not on our side.


Is it very clear to you now? I hope if my rhetoric seemed hyperbolic before, it seems even keeled and tempered now because we recognize what what they are doing. They think this is gonna make them richer, make 'em more money. Screw over. We the people. Not gonna happen. We're in this together. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.