
I think this commentator, Robert Kelly just said it perfectly, what went down in Butler, Pennsylvania over the weekend really says more about Mag's dysfunction than the rest of us. The shooter we know is a 20-year-old white male Republican who was exploiting Republican supported gun laws who fired an AR 15, a gun beloved by Republicans at another Republican, the leader of the Republican Party, Donald Trump, who routinely traffics in incitement and threats at a Republican rally.


Robert Kelly then goes on to say the obvious inference of what went down is restrict long gun access, have common sense gun control. Trump and MAGA need to dial black, the dial back, the blood bath rhetoric. But the MAGA inference, and I'll go one step further 'cause you know, on, on corporate media, I'll talk about it in a moment, but the MAGA inference is a white male registered Republican shooter is actually a leftist plant. And Democrats worried about the constitution being terminated, that they are the problem.


And that's really where the kind of corporate media narrative I've seen over and over again. You know, both sides need a tone down the narrative. Is it appropriate that Democrats are saying that Donald Trump is a threat to democracy? Look, Donald Trump stated that he wants to be a dictator. He was running on the platform of dictatorship. Hasn't happened in American history before. You don't have to believe what I'm saying. Here's Donald Trump saying it in his own words. Play the clip. We love this guy. He says, you're not gonna be a dictator, are you? I said, no, no, no. Other than day one. I can show you many times where Donald Trump said that.


But I'll just show you one more time just so we're all on the same page here, that this is what he says over and over again, uses the term dictator. Play this clip. When Sean Hannity the other night, I did a a town hall. He is a good guy too. He is a good guy. But he said, okay, 'cause he wanted to play. You are not going to be a dictator, is that you not? I said, no, no, Sean, I'm going to be a dictator. I said that, right? These guys know it better than I do. I'm going to be a dictator for one day. Now you can try to gaslight me and say, well, he didn't really mean that. Or he just said dictator for one day.


He's not gonna be a dictator the day after. He doesn't really mean what he says. Well, I've never heard an American history. A major political party leader run on the platform of being a dictator or joking about dictatorship. You know, look, I think what Robert Kelly said is important, and I think that as I've said time and time again, it is beyond important that we call out political violence in all its forms and manifestations. We say strongly that it serves no role, no place here in the United States of America. But I'm not going to be scared in my reporting or back down from just reporting facts.


Again, the facts are right before Donald Trump gave the speech, here's what he said. This was the post, this was the message he sent to his supporters right before he took the stage. I can go back and show you hundreds of other messages like this that he sends every single day, dozens a day. This was the one right before he went on stage. He says, I'm addressing the nation in 60 minutes. Then it says, all hell breaks loose in one hour. When I take the rally stage, I could be making a major announcement that's sure to strike fear in the hearts of our deep state enemies, is what he says.


Now, look, I don't know why a 20-year-old white male republican who was there, did what he did on that day regarding the Republican presidential nominee. What I do know is, is that those are the facts that we know, and we've heard different reporting about this shooter, but we know he's a registered Republican. We know from some reporting that while he was a loner, some of the people he did associate with, according to Philadelphia Inquirer story and another one on CNN, that he had conservative views, and at least some people there would say that he would be around people who wore Trump hats.


And I'm not suggesting that matters one way or another or an inform, I'm just saying that's what's been reported thus far. And then in the wake of all of this, you know, you have some of the most unhinged, strange responses from these MAGA Republicans. I mean, this is a senator. This is a MAGA repo. This is an actual senator of the United States, and his name is Mike Lee. And every like 10 to 15 seconds he's been posting about Donald Trump, like, this is not normal behavior. And again, not gonna be scared to just call out what is happening because this is odd.


Senator Mike Lee, MAGA Republican just starts posting. The man has the energy of a dynamo. He's undeterred by things that would rattle others for months. And apparently he's got cat-like reflexes, or at least really good timing and luck. He's like a duck in the rain sometimes. We really need a man like that. Pretty sure this is one of those times we need government control, not gun control over and over again post after post like that. It's very here, there's a specific scientific term for this kind of very unusual man. You know, the kind of man that gets shot gets up the next morning and goes golfing. In case you're not familiar with this word, I'll share it with you. The word is badass.


Will you be voting for President Trump? Not the president. He's a former president. Okay? I'm now told this video is uploaded today, but not taken today. My bad. He's still getting up and going to Milwaukee for the Republican National Convention. I mean, it's post, post, post, post, post. Like what in the world is going on there? Then Donald Trump's been using for his campaign, the image of, of himself after the shooting where he goes, I will never surrender. This is the, the the email message that he sent. And look, I just want to give you, you know, my view of things. And I want to first and foremost say, despite the fact that I think Donald Trump would be the absolutely worst person, quite frankly, I think he's actually would be the worst person of almost all potential Americans to, to run America.


I think it would be devastating. I do not think he supports our democracy. That guy hear his words. I know he says that the January 6th insurrectionists are hostages what he went through no American should have to go through, period. Full stop, end of story. The discussion, the discussion ends there. But I also am not gonna be scared to report facts and data and how I feel about these things. And I think that's why you come to the Midas Touch Network, which is after the shooting. We know that there was one of his supporters in the rally who was shot and killed when he's trying to be moved away.


I think you'll hear him. He says, wait or hold on. So he can do the photo that he wants to do, or so he can raise his hand, and then he screams, fight, fight, fight, and then walks off. And you'll see this kind of hand gesture he makes with his hand. You can judge for yourself what that gesture is. But again, I'm not going to ignore what is on the tape or play this clip. Wait, wait, wait, wait.


I'm a cat person and I'm proud of it. They say, happy Cat, happy life, something like that. Cats are a great companion and my cats bring me so much joy, so the least I can do is feed them the best cat food money can buy. This podcast is sponsored By Smalls. Now, if you're a listener of this show, you know that my cat cannot live without Smalls. Smalls cat Food is protein packed recipes made with preservative free ingredients that you'd find in your fridge, and it's delivered right to your door. That's why veterinarians.org rates smalls 10 out of 10 for their ingredient quality. My cats prefer Smalls way more than their previous cat food. Now, I legitimately did a taste test, put two bowls side by side, and then they immediately went to Smalls. And here's an extra plus. My cat's breath is so much better and their fur is much softer. Ever since I switched to Smalls, smalls was started back in 2017 by a couple of guys home cooking cat food in small batches for their friends. A few short years later, they've served millions of meals to cats across the us. After making the switch to smalls, 90% of cat owners reported overall health improvements. That's a big deal. Now, the team at Smalls is so confident that your cat will love their product, that you can try it risk-free. That means they'll refund you if your cat won't eat their food. Now it's time to make the switch to smalls. Head to smalls.com/midas and use promo code Midas at checkout for 50% off your first order. PLUS free shipping. That's the best offer that you'll find. But you have to use my code Midas for 50% off your first order one last time. That's promo code Midas for 50% off your first order PLUS free shipping.


And again, I don't think you'd want me to ignore or not talk about what's on the tape. I think the problem is, is the corporate media is gaslighting us when they don't cover the things like shooter 20-year-old Republican male. Like, why, why don't you say that again? I I I'm not suggesting that has anything to do with motive or I'm just saying that's a fact. You saw what Donald Trump did there. I don't, when I watched that, I don't know your view of it, but to me it it almost looked like, like a, like a Noriega a Gaddafi a a Saddam Hussein. Like it looked very strange to me.


The the imagery surrounding the, the, the, the whole thing was un unsettling, you know? And, and first and foremost, as I've said before, I'm just glad that there's no harm at all. As I've said before, I am political violence has zero, zero place in our country. But when you look at what these MAGA Republicans are saying too, they're blaming the shooting on DEI. They're saying DEI here play this clip. This is a MAGA Republican in the House of Representatives saying it here, play this clip, This.


Look, I'm not sure about who the individuals are on the individual detail Secret service, but I can tell you under this Biden administration, The one thing I've seen is massive DEI hires. And I can tell you when you primary, when you primarily go after DEI, you end up with DIE And here is another MAGA Republican representative, timber Chet saying that A DEI person in the Secret Service is responsible for the shooting play the Clip, same thing. How the hell did he get on top of that roof? If you look at the pictures, he didn't go through the top of the roof. There had to be a ladder or something. Somebody really dropped the ball. You've got a DEI basically per person a DEI initiative person who heads up the, our Secret service.


You know, she was working at Pepsi before this. I know she was a former CI Secret service agent. But still, this is what happens when you don't put the best players in. It's a complete failure on our part. And I, as I talked to Chairman Comer last night, I stress with him, you know, everybody wants to follow the rules. We got a 70 72 hour rule before we have a, you know, can do a hearing. You know, speaker Pelosi never followed the rules. She's suspended our first day of Congress. Hmm, we need to get to Washington, you know, to hell with the convention or we've gotta get, find out what went on, make sure that it never happens again.


So Congressman, what do you want to Hear from this is the very popular right wing account, libs of TikTok saying that one of the reasons for this, this is the result of D-E-I-D-E, I got someone killed and it, and they say the secret service director said, we're focusing on hiring more women and trying to be more diverse. And that, that's why this went down, why this took place. You know, Marjorie Taylor Greene statement, we're in a battle between, this is what she said after the shooting, we're in a battle between good and evil. Evil. The Democrats are the party of pedophiles murdering the innocent unborn violence and bloody meaningless, endless wars.


I mean, when, when you use statements like that and you surround yourself with that, that's the type of rhetoric that doesn't exist. And again, it's not a, that should never exist. That's not a both sides thing. Here's Mike Collins saying, Joe Biden sent the orders and that President Biden needs to be arrested for incitement. Look, it was Donald Trump who said he wants to terminate the Constitution, but I'll show you. This is what he said. Here's, here's his post. He says, terminate the Constitution. You go, oh, he doesn't really mean it. So these are all jokes. He's joking about being a dictator, joking about terminating the constitution.


What about when he says with the January 6th insurrectionist that the hostages need to be freed? He goes, free the hostage. Play this clip. But we're not gonna let this happen with our country anymore. We're taking back our country. So when we get in, it's gonna go very rapidly. We're gonna do a lot of things. We're gonna look very strongly at J six. Those people, there has never been people treated more horrifically than J six hostages. What about what? Donald Trump at his speeches says this about Nancy Pelosi's husband, who had just survived an attempted murder, play this clip And will stand up to crazy Nancy Pelosi, who ruined San Francisco.


How's her husband doing, by the way? Anybody know? And she's against building a wall in our border, even though she has a wall around her house, which obviously didn't do a very good job. Are those supposed to be jokes? Is that supposed to be something that's that, that's funny. So it isn't. And me and people in the pro-democracy community just saying, he said, terminate the constitution. He said these words, these are his things I want to be, and then you, oh, he was joking. And you go, it's a both sides. You calling it out.


That's inflaming things. Us attacking you for calling it out. Okay, what? And here's Trump talking about immigrants poisoning the blood. Here, play this clip Country. When they do that, we got a lot of work to do. They're poisoning the blood of our country. That's what they've done. They poisoned mental institutions and prisons all over the world, not just in South America, not just the three or four countries that we think about, but all over the world. They're coming into our country, from Africa, from Asia, all over the world. They're pouring into our country. Nobody's even looking at 'em. They just come in. The crime is gonna be tremendous. The terrorism is gonna be, terrorism is going to be.


And then we built a tremendous piece of the wall. And then we, So you tell me what you think. But look here at the Midas Touch Network. We're just going to call it out. We're not gonna stop unapologetic about our support of democracy. And you know, from watching this network, what we've talked about over and over again. What do we say? We've, from day one compassion, let's figure out ways to bring each other together. Let's just be nice and not bully. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Love This video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.