
Donald Trump's running mate, JD Vance is at it again, throwing Donald Trump under the bus with some more stunning public admissions. I guess it's not all that stunning anymore, per se, when JD Vance says these things, but still saying in publicly. And so Cavalierly is so revealing about his character and Donald Trump's character, or I should say the lack thereof. So JD Vance went on CNN. He was asked about reports, frankly, that Midas Touch broke first, that Donald Trump has been making post after post about vice President Kamala Harris. He's also making posts about former President Barack Obama. But these posts that he's making about vice President Kamala Harris are so disgusting and so misogynistic. The Midas Touch network first reported it, and we forced all these other media networks that basically cover.


But take a look at this post For example, and there's other posts like this, but it's a photo of vice President, Kamala Harris and Hilary Clinton. You can see for yourself what the post says and what the photograph is. I mean. This is what Donald Trump is posting, and he's doing lots of posts like this. So JD Vance has asked about it on a CNN interview. Hey, JD Vance, what do you think about that? Do you stand by that? And JD Vance says he thinks it's very funny. JD Vance says that this is the type of humor that is needed in an election. He thinks the American people like this. Listen to JD Vance in his own words. Okay, Play the Clip talking about Donald Trump's social media. Would you describe his posts over the last 40 hour hours as as, as lifting people up, quoting reposting Q Anon statements, reposting these misogynistic memes about Vice President Harris and Hillary Clinton?


That's the kind of open discussion that you think is lifting people up. Oh, John, I think if you look at Donald Trump's full campaign appearances, and yes, his social media appearances, what you see is two things. A guy with an agenda to lower prices and bring back American prosperity. And a political candidate who isn't stodgy, who likes to have some fun and likes to tell some jokes. I'd much rather have a candidate who's willing to go off script, who's willing to give every interview and is willing to tell some jokes. I do think that's how you lift people up. Politics of boring scolds, telling people they can't laugh. That is not lifting Americans up. That's how to tear us down. Now, Also, about three weeks ago, JD Vance randomly brought up Jeffrey Epstein in response to a very basic question that he was asked here, play this Clip giving Kamala Harris control over inflation policy.


Shannon, it's like giving Jeffrey Epstein control over human trafficking policy. The American people are much smarter than that. They don't buy the idea that Kamala Harris represents a fresh start. She is more of the same. It is doubling down on the failed policies of the Harris administration to give Kamala Harris a promotion rather than to fire her, which is what I think most Americas are gonna do on November. Well, how Does that not Now? We also know about JD Vance's statements where he says that post-menopausal woman main focus should be raising their grandchildren about that. He says, childless cat ladies are the biggest threat to like democracy. He made this other horrific statement that leaked about teachers the other day here.


This is what he said here, play this clip. And I think our conservative idea is that parents and families should determine what children learn, what values they're brought up with. You know, so many of the leaders of the left and I hate to be so personal about this, but they're people without kids, try to brainwash the minds of our children. And that really disorients me, and it really disturbs me. Randy Weingarten, who's the head of the most powerful teachers union in the country, she doesn't have a single child. If she wants to brainwash and destroy the minds of children, she should have some of her own and leave ours the hell alone. I mean. There are thousands of statements like that that I could play for you that don don't even have the time to play for you. But I want to discuss this though, is that these admissions of JD Vance about who he and Donald Trump are very publicly should be a red alert warning to the American public right here.


And especially when he's revealing again, who Donald Trump is, who Donald Trump's connections with Epstein. I want to talk about that in just a moment. But let me show you also on Friday what JD Vance posted. Here's a post by JD Vance. You can see there, it's like he's attacking vice President Kamala Harris for what the interview she gave with CNN's Dana Bash. I thought the questions Dana Bash asked were like, horrible. But I thought vice President Kamala Harris handled the interview. Well, I thought she did a really good job. But here, JD Vance is what mocking a beauty contestant as well as mocking vice President Kamala Harris in this horrifically misogynistic post. But okay, JD Vance, you want to talk beauty pageants, you want to talk Epstein?


You want to talk about Donald Trump's behavior towards women? You want to open the door to that with those interviews. You think that's funny to you and absolutely is. And it is abhorrent. And we could talk about Donald Trump's past jd. So thanks for opening the door, because we come with receipts here at the Midas Touch Network. Okay? You wanna talk beauty pageants? You post a photo of a beauty pageant contestant and mocking her. Well, let me show you what Donald Trump said about why he owned beauty pageants because he wanted to inspect the women or the girls naked. and he said that that's one of the reasons that he did it. And so when you are the, when you run the pageants, they let you do it. 'cause you just say you're the inspector, your the clip. Well, you could also say, as the owner of the pageant, it's your obligation to do that.


So, so you have done that Now tell me what, well, I'll tell you the funniest is that I'll go backstage before a show. Yes. And everyone's getting dressed and ready and everything else. And you know, no men are anywhere. and I'm allowed to go in because I'm the owner of the pageant, and therefore I'm inspecting it. You know, I'm inspect, inspecting. I wanna make sure that everyth you like everything is good, doctor, you're there. Yeah, the dresses is everyone okay? You know, they standing there with no, is everybody okay? And you see these incredible looking women, and so I sort of get away with things like, Okay, jd, you want to bring up Jeffrey Epstein? How about the fact that Donald Trump was close friends with Epstein said Epstein was a great guy who likes women on the young Recit? Although I think Trump meant girls. We can talk about how Epstein used Ghislaine Maxwell to traffic girls for him.


And some of them were found at Mar-a-Lago working at Mar-a-Lago like Virginia Giuffre, who was previously homeless working at Mar-a-Lago Ghislaine Maxwell found her at Mar-a-Lago brought her to Epstein Donald Trump wished Ghislaine Maxwell. Well, you think that's funny, JD Vance, you think it's funny that Donald Trump wished the person who is trafficking and helping Epstein traffic girls? Well, you think that makes you think that's what America's looking for you Sicko. You play this clip, Ghislaine Maxwell is in prison, and a lot of people want to know if she's going to turn in powerful people and I know. You've talked in the past about Prince Andrew and you've criticized Bill Clinton's behavior.


I'm wondering, do you feel that she's gonna turn in powerful men? How do you see that working out? I don't know. I haven't really been following it too much. I just wish her well. Frankly, I've met her numerous times over the years, especially since I lived in Palm Beach and I. Guess they lived in Palm Beach, but I wish her well. Whatever it is, don don't know the situation with Prince Andrew. Just don't know, not aware of it.


It's tough to keep track of all the transactions we make every month. Did you know that the average American makes around 70 payments per month? Honestly, I couldn't even guess how much I was spending until I started using Rocket Money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that empowers you to save more, spend less, and take control of your financial life. With Rocket Money, you could see all of your checking, savings, credit cards and investments all in one convenient place, allowing you to understand your spending trends. Rocket Money could help you set up a custom budget by identifying top spending categories and suggesting areas where you could adjust your spending habits. They'll calculate your monthly spending allowance and alert you when you're close to going over budget so you could save more and spend less. I was shocked to see how much I was spending on my phone. Bill and a rock of money helped me make the right decision for my finances. They also have a goals feature that automatically saves money for you, so you don't even have to think about it. Whether your goal is to pay off credit card debt, save up for a house, or just keep more money in your pocket, Rocket Money makes it easy. And here's the kicker. Rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower bills for you sometimes by up to 20% saving money on your cable and cell phone bill without the hassle, that's a win. Rocket Money has over 5 million happy members, and to save users over $1 billion across all their apps features, that's 1 billion with a B. Let Rocket Money help you reach your financial goals faster. Get Rocket Money today at Rocket Money dot com slash Midas Touch. That's Rocket Money dot com slash Midas. Touch Rocket Money dot com slash Midas. Touch, M-E-I-D-A-S-T-O-U-C-H.


How about I show you this JD Vance? How about Donald? Trump on audio saying the following about Lindsay Lohan. When Lindsay Lohan had just turned 18, she may have been 17 here, and he said that he wants to have sex with her because of her mental health issues here at play, this clip, What do you think of Lindsay Lohan? I think she's hot. There's something there, right? Yes, Steve. But you have to like freckles. I've seen a, you know, a closeup of her chest. Yes. And a lot of freckles. Are you with freckles? If the father's a wreck, like the way he is, right? You imagine the sex with his troubled Yeah, you're probably right. She's probably deeply troubled and therefore great in bed back in the day when, how come the deeply troubled women? Yes. You know, deeply, deeply troubled, right? They're always the best in bed.


For some reason, what I said is true I mean they, they're just unbelievable. I could tell from the You don't wanna be with them for the long term, but for the short term, there's nothing You want me to keep going. jd you want me to show you that Donald Trump's on Epstein's list? I know the corporate media is afraid to ask you about that and is afraid to talk about. We're not afraid to talk about it. Here at the Midas Touch Network, you wanna see the name, wanna see Trump's name and the depositions with women that Epstein trafficked. You wanna see Donald Trump's name on Epstein's call Logs. You wanna see Trump's name on the plane logs? You know, Epstein brought girls on Trump's plane and there was one report of a girl of an indeterminate age that Epstein brought on Donald Trump's plane. You wanna talk about that? You want to talk about how Donald Trump in the nineties ran something called the look of the year competition and, and one of his pageants and had girls like this in front of him.


I mean, just take a look at this. You want, you, you, you think this is funny. You think this is a laughing matter, JD Vance, you think that's how the American people view this behavior of Donald Trump and you towards girls and towards women? I don't think so. And, and as it was reported in the Guardian, Donald Trump then was part of this party that took place on a yacht in New York, where these 14-year-old girls who you see pictured there and who Donald Trump was pictured with in this other photograph right here we're on this boat with men who were old enough to be their grandpa who were grinding on them as reported in the, as reported in the Guardian. I, I could keep going with these receipts.


jd, you, you think these are funny jokes. You think America finds it funny when Donald Trump calls the porn star who he had sex with while Melania had given birth a horse face and says that she's a horse face. No attraction, no affair. Is, is that the type of humor now that you normalize in the GOP or play this clip To bring charges against me for now? Ancient no affair story of stormy Horseface Daniels, no attraction, no affair. I call it no affair where there's no crime anyway, Because that's not funny JD at all. You think it's funny when Donald Trump gives speeches in high schools and talks about sex, acts like golden showers and, and talks about how he doesn't like that he doesn't like hookers giving him golden showers.


You think that that's how we should be showing our kids how adults should act and, and saying things like that really? Here play this clip. He was with four hookers. You think that was good that night to go up and tell my wife? It's not true, darling. I love you very much. It's not true. Actually, that one she didn't believe. 'cause she said he's a germaphobe. He's not into that. You know, he's not into golden showers, as they say. They called it. He's not. I don't like that idea. No, I didn't. I thought that would be a big problem. I was gonna have a rough night. But that one she was very good on. She said, no, I I you I could keep on, I can keep on going.


jd, you want me to keep going and bringing out more receipts right here? 'cause I can How about when Donald Trump was deposed and asked about the statement that he made about sexually assaulting women and saying, when you're rich, they let you do it here, play this clip. And you say it again. This is become very famous in this video. I just start kissing them. It's like a magnet. Just kiss. I don't even wait. And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab them by the pussy, you can do anything. That's what you said, Correct? Well, historically, that's true with stars. It's true with stars. That, that they can grab women by the pussy. Well, That's what, that's if you look over the last million years, I guess that's been largely true.


Not always, but largely true, unfortunately or fortunately. And you consider yourself to be a star. I think you can say that. Yeah. And Well, I guess thanks JD for reminding us about Donald Trump's past and also reminding us about the horrific things that you've said, the misogynistic, disgusting things that you've said. This is not a laughing matter. Corporate media should not normalize it. I give that CNN reporter least credit for asking you about it, but that's what should be talked about right now. You know, 24 7, frankly, in addition to Donald Trump wanting to destroy nato, take away women's reproductive rights, that's what needs to be talked about.


Not headlines by the New York Times saying that Donald Trump should run on character and that America doesn't want joy in an election. It means cut that crap out. I mean in about three weeks. I'm about to be a, I'm about to be a girl dad. So you may know my wife's pregnant, she's about eight months pregnant and we're about to have a baby girl together to, to think about raising a baby girl in a world where Donald Trump's making those comments and you and you and he and his VP pick saying that that's funny, could disgust me disgust. I don't care what political party you're from, it disgust me. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching.


Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash newsletter.