
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply.


Great days. Start with great underwear. A Tommy John makes the greatest with Tommy John, you make each day better than the last. And with over 20 million pairs sold and thousands of five star reviews, guys everywhere, love their Tommy John. Plus, you're fully covered with Tommy John's best pair you'll ever wear. Or it's free guarantee. Grab 25% off your first order now at tommy john.com/spotify. Save 25% at tommy john.com/spotify. See CIP for details.


Elbows up Canada. Donald Trump's attack on Canada backfired big time. We're less than a week away from the elections in Canada taking place on April 28th. We already have the advanced polls open. Over 7.3 million Canadians have voted during the advanced poll period that is record setting and Canadians are going elbows up. What's up, maple? Midas. It's been such an honor over the past several months to get to know each other so much better. And frankly, we always knew from the outset when the Midas Touch Network was started several years ago, how important our Canadian viewers and Midas mighty now Maple Midas are.


And so it's been an honor to be on this journey together. And my, oh my has Donald Trump's plan backfired, right? Donald Trump was going to prop up MAGA Maple or Maple Maga. He had his hand picked people and they were running the MAGA playbook, right? You go on the MAGA podcast like Jordan Peterson, Elon Musk endorses the MAGA maple candidate. He puts his thumb on the algorithm and starts amplifying the MAGA maple, which is the Pierre Pev conservative party there. And then Donald Trump started his rhetoric about he wants to annex Canada.


He wants to make Canada the 51st state. He started calling Prime Minister Trudeau. Governor Trudeau Prime Minister Trudeau very smartly gave the handoff to new leadership. The liberal party held elections. You had Prime Minister Kearney stepping into the fore. You had the banker in Prime Minister Kearney versus the TER in Donald Trump. A builder in Prime Minister Kearney versus a destroyer in Donald Trump and Canada United, mostly all of the provinces. United the premieres, regardless of political party really stood shoulder to shoulder other than Danielle Smith in Alberta.


She's Maple Maga as well. She was trying to work with Donald Trump and Mar-a-Lago to have Trump and Musk interfere with the Canadian elections to try to help Pierre Pev the leader of the Conservative Party there. When that was exposed, they tried to have JD Vance's, roommate and buddy from Yale, who's one of the henchmen for Pierre Pev interfere in the elections with Donald Trump. The Canadians smoke that out, and Donald Trump continued his relentless attack on Canada's sovereignty. I mean, even yesterday in the Oval Office, Trump reinserted himself into Canadian politics.


He said he wants to increase the tariffs on auto against Canada. He used the rhetoric of Canada should be the 51st state. And let me be clear to those people living in America who don't know when Donald Trump says this, this ain't merely a trade war. These are words of war, annexation, conquest. It is the language of Putin against Ukraine. It is the way Putin says he wants to dify Ukraine. Is Donald Trump saying he's trying to get rid of all of the fentanyl from Canada into the United States, which doesn't exist, which is complete and utter bs, but it's pretext for Donald Trump wanting to have a war against Canada.


Let's be clear about what the language is. So as Donald Trump attacked Canada, Canada went elbows up, Pierre pev plummeted, plummeted in the polls. This is the headline from the Wall Street Journal in the past 48 hours, how Canada's Trump style candidate blew a 20 point polling lead. Pierre PO's populist message. Let's take out populist and say MAGA message was resonating until Trump's antagonism. Let's remove the word antagonism and use language of war against Canada. Push Canadians towards a formal, a former central banker.


Here we are from polling Canada, which is a good job aggregating these polls with five days to go. All of the major polls, whether it's 3 38 CB, C, polling Canada and Main Street, all believe there will be a liberal party majority, which was unheard of just a few months ago that that would be the result. But folks, as we always say here, polls don't vote. Let me repeat that. Polls don't vote. So everybody should be encouraged no matter where you are in the world in democracies to do your civic duty, you take a look at the poly market polling data, and they're a kind of an open source betting site that takes the percentages of who they think is gonna win or lose.


So back on February 5th, Pierre pev had an 84% chance of winning. Today, prime Minister Kearney has an 84% chance of winning new high. But as I said, and let me repeat it very, very clearly, polls don't vote. Wagering doesn't vote. People vote wherever you are in the world, in democracies, do your civic duty. Now how bad is it for Pierre Pev, Mr. Maple Maga Mini Trump Mini Elon? Let me tell you, the conservative party is afraid that he's going to lose his own riding, which for Americans is like his own congressional seat.


They call 'em riots. In Canada, there are 343 riots in Canada. And in Canada you don't vote for like your president or they're your prime minister. You vote in your rioting for who's gonna go to the House of Commons. And then the party that gets either the majority or who fought, if you don't get a majority and you get a plurality and you have to form a coalition, that's who becomes the prime minister, the leader of that party. So the conservative Party is worried right now that Pierre Pev is going to lose in his writing, which again is unheard of. I mean in Ottawa. So that would be like MAGA Mike Johnson losing his congressional seat for our American viewers out there, let's just go through the receipts, how badly Donald Trump blew it, or blowing, it's not the right word, I think expose what was going on here.


This right wing authoritarian creep originating from Russia that pushed into the US And we've seen these other authoritarian Victor Orban style leaders, how that drift elevated by these right wing podcasters was infecting Canada. But how it was revealed by Donald Trump's rhetoric, language and behavior. Like all things Donald Trump touches, they tend to die. So here was Donald Trump on one of these right wing podcasts just a few months ago saying how excited he was to work with Pierre Pev, whose views align closely with Trump play this Clip.


Are you looking forward to working with Pierre Poli the the new guy I am? If that's, if that's what happens, certainly it will be. It would be very good. More our views would be more aligned. Certainly.


Can we geek out for a minute on something? I think it's gonna be helpful for you. It's called Fatty 15. It's co-founder Dr. Stephanie Vin Watson discovered C 15 as the first essential Fatty asset to be found in 90 years while working with the US Navy to improve the health and welfare of aging dolphins. It's pretty simple. Essential nutrients keep our cells healthy, which keeps us healthy. So if you wanna get sciencey about it, studies show that C 15, it works by strengthening our cells, improving our mitochondrial function, and protecting us against damaging free radicals. So if you feel like how could I stop aging faster or I'm sleeping poorly or feeling sluggish? The bottom line is that many of us are deficient in C 15, which results in weaker cells, which results in those things. So Fatty 15 is the science fact award-winning vegan and pure C 15 supplement that steps in and helps. It works in multiple ways. It repairs age, age-related damage to cells. It protects them from future breakdowns. It boosts mitochondrial energy output and activates pathways in the body that help regulate sleep, mood, natural repair mechanisms that support our overall help. So deeper sleep, smoother functioning joints, healthier hair, skin and nails. That's essential. And the C 15 helps here and Fatty 15 deliver. So it comes in these gorgeous reusable glass bamboo jars and refill capsules that are shipped to your door quarterly in pouches made from recycled materials. I love that. Fatty 15 is on a mission to replenish your se your C 15 levels and restore your long-term health. You can Get an additional 15% off their 90 day subscription starter kit by going to Fatty fifteen.com/midas and using the code Midas at checkout. That's Fatty fifteen.com/midas f ay one five.com/midas. MEI ds. Use that code Midas at checkout. MEI ds.


I'm bringing out all the receipts here folks, 'cause I want to tie this all together right now. So then Jordan Peterson, right wing podcaster has Pierre Pev on. They drop the podcast episode on Elon Musk's ex Jordan Peterson is asking Pierre Po. All these questions about woke this woke that it looked like a right wing podcast interview with an American MAGA politician. Elon Musk lifts it up saying this is a great, great interview. And Jordan Peterson declares this is the next prime minister of Canada.


Pierre Pev, Pierre Pev, maple Maga himself. And he goes, bad. Stop saying Maple Mag is not maple maggot. Really? Really? Okay, lemme come out with the receipts right here. This is what Pierre Po said after that interview on January 8th, 2025. This you could replace Pierre Po with MAGA Mike Johnson. Donald Trump, you replaced the name. Let me read this for you. You ready? Dr. Peterson has paid an enormous price to go up against the woke censorship apparatus. Thousands of common sense Canadians must self-censor for fear of losing their livelihoods with no way to feed their families sign to help me end woke authoritarian censorships so Canadians can take back control of their lives.


Let me just show you a small portion of this interview, by the way that Pierre Pev himself posted. So Pierre Pev January 8th, he thinks he's gonna win. He's spiking the football and he posts this play, this clip On behalf of all Canadians. Wanna thank you for your immense courage and the personal political price that you, personal, political, and nonpolitical price that you have paid for standing up for your convictions and defending freedom of speech. Because I know you have paid a very big price for that, but you have never bent, you have never backed down. You've had a spine of steel and there are countless other people who will have the freedom to, to express themselves because you paid the price for them.


So thank you. Well, Thank you, sir. It's been a, it's been a privilege far more than a price. Definitely. And it continues to be that way. Okay, Now fast forward to this past week. You have Jordan Peterson going on, da da da, the Joe Rogan show. So Peterson's on Rogan and Peterson basically says, and you see how upset he is. He's like, we blew it. Trump revealed the plan, man, you know, and then, and then Rogan's like, yeah, but how didn't Trump realize that? Like, you know, he shouldn't have said those things 'cause he screwed the, he screwed the ma Maple Maga in Canada.


Here, watch this interaction. Peterson's like, we blew it here, play this clip. Carney Carney showed up just in the nick of time to save the burning damsel from the train tracks or whatever the hell it is, and the rhetoric. And then Trump, he just timed it so badly and yeah, he didn't know, he didn't know what what it would do. He didn't know. But that's also, How do you not know that people have national pride? Yeah, he, he knew that, but he didn't know what the electoral consequences would be. He didn't know that that would shift them to the liberals so radically. And he's gonna pay for that. Because once Kearney is elected, if that happens, Trump will not have a more seasoned enemy in the West.


And again, just to show you also how creepy Pierre Pev is. Pierre Pev, and this is such like a Trump and JD Vance type thing would go around conflating this is, he would call it a woman's biological clock. He's obsessed with women's biological clocks. He's like age 36 woman's biological clock, like, like that, like JD Vance Trumpy. And he would conflate a woman's biological clock in his own words with Canada's housing market here play this clip. And of course, let's be honest her, she said her biological clock is ticking, her biological clock running out there is the drama.


We will not forget that young cop, 36-year-old couple whose biological clock is running out faster. The biological clock runs out in your mid thirties. If you're a young woman who's got a biological clock, obviously we'll do the math. You know, you start off at let's say your 25, well, with their biological clocks running out. And I used to say that you all said, oh, PEV is exaggerating. So You take Pierre Pev and you contrast him to the leader of the Liberal party, prime Minister Mark Carney, who puts out this video, let's play it today. The conservative party released their platform and it really only confirms what we already knew.


That Pierre Pev has no plan, no plan to stand up to President Trump. It's no surprise this is a new situation. And he's the kind of politician who's never changed his mind since he was 17, but always relies on a reflex to cut, destroy, and divide in today's conservative platform. If its phantom numbers is no different. He wants to cut what Canada needs with our plan we will build to make Canada strong. So then what happens yesterday? What goes down yesterday? You, you could see Pierre Po being like, I, I could imagine what he, you know, that he's there and he finds out Trump does it again, more 51st State talk more calling Prime Minister Trudeau, governor Trudeau.


Watch what Donald Trump says yesterday in the Oval Office here, play this clip. Asked Trudeau, who I call Governor Trudeau affectionately, but I asked him, why are we spending $200 billion to support candidates to subsidize Canada? And he was unable to answer the question. I mean, why are we doing that? And I, I have to be honest, as a state, it works great as a nation considering the fact that most of the nation, you know, 95% of Canada, what they do is they buy from us and they sell to us. They sell to us. If we didn't buy their oil, if we didn't buy the, and we don't need their oil.


We have more oil oil than anyone, but we don't need their oil. We don't need their lumber, we don't need their cars, we don't need anything. So I said, why are we doing this? Why are we spending $200 billion? It doesn't make sense if we need it. And, and finally, let me share with you Bruce Fanjoy from the Liberal Party in an interview he did recently. Shout out to the interviewer here as well. This is the guy running against Pierre pev. 'cause Pierre Pev is now vulnerable in his own riding in Ottawa. Watch this, go down, play this clip. Pierre Pev made me do it. I recognized how tough a proposition it was to, to take on someone like him, a leader of leader of, of, of a party.


But, but I also knew that from all the people that I know in Carlton, which, which are quite a few, he, you know, he's not, he doesn't represent who we are. And, and, and I felt that given his, his propensity to accomplish nothing, his how he takes the, the writing for granted. Nobody likes to be taken for granted that, that he could be defeated. So folks, as I said, and let me reiterate this again, the end of the day, polls don't vote.


People vote no matter how you end up voting in that election. I think it's just important where wherever you are in the world, I think it's just important to understand people's intentions. Who's, what is, why is Elon Musk in, you know, was why was he involving himself? What was all this woke talk, the similarities? What's going on here? You unpack it, you decide for yourself. But Maple Midas, let me say this, we are on a journey together. That's just the beginning.


And it's been an honor that we've been the top podcast in Canada. It's an honor that you trust me and this network, we don't take that for granted any day. So thank you, thank you, thank you from the bottom of my heart. We appreciate it. Have a great day and hit subscribe. And let's get to 5 million subscribers.


Oh, by the way, you can go check out store dot midas touch.com and we've got the Maple Midas gear. 100% made in Canada, the boycott in Canada's going strong, boycotting tourism. You've set an example for the rest of the world, Canada, about what to do and how to stand up to the bully Canada, you are the front lines of democracy. See, I thought I was gonna end the video, but I wanna, I wanna wanna recognize a few things. That's very, that's very true. The courage that you've shown over the past several month is nothing short of heroic, but it's not over the past several months. It's the history of Canada. If you go back to the world wars, if you go back to who's always been on the right side of history and the fight for democracy over time. And as Prime Minister Carney says, as others have said, we've all, you know, countries make their mistakes. Countries don't all have these glorious histories. Okay? But let me be very clear. Canada has fought for democracy in all the world Wars. Canada's been on the front lines of protecting, preserving democracy, of fighting back against Nazis and standing up for a peaceful, stable, loving, pro-democracy world. Order. Thank you Canada. Thank you. From the bottom of my heart. New By its me drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, hats, sweatshirts, and more. All at store. Dot midas touch.com.