
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler. The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my bets in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. G PT. What do You know? All sorts of interest in stuff, even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook gambling problem Call one 800 gambler.


There's Donald Trump flipping out in public because he can be so easily baited. The speech from the throne by King Charles in Canada set Donald Trump off. So Donald Trump's gotta go talk about conquering Canada again and taking it over and threatening its sovereignty. Donald Trump was humiliated by King Charles. Brilliant, yet subtle or I would say not so subtle jabs at Donald Trump, Canada is true north and free and now more united with ever with the Commonwealth nations, with the European Union and others over the United States of America.


So what does Donald Trump say? Here's what he posts. I told Canada, which very much wants to be part of our fabulous golden domes system. Then it will cost $61 billion if they remain a separate but unequal nation, but will cost $0 if they become our cherished 51st state. They are considering the offer exclamation point. You see the dog whistles there as well. Where they go, where you go separate but unequal. I think you gotta pick out the subtleties of the things that Donald or not so subtleties of the things that Donald Trump says. As well as our editor in Chief Ron Philip Kowski writes, since I speak flu in Trump, let me explain this.


Trump announced his Golden dome thing without checking with Canada. He can't do it without Canada's cooperation. Now Canada is using it as leverage and trade negotiations. So dumb ass Trump is clowning to find a way to make it work. I've seen memes like this with Prime Minister Kearney giving Donald Trump the middle finger. How about this headline from Mediaite? King Charles Declares Canada strong and free Amid Trump's 51st state threats as Carl Quintanilla goes subtle, or this meme right here of everybody just laughing at Donald Trump, former presidents.


And then he said Canada is going to pay for my Golden Dome. Obviously, prime Minister Carney responded right away. Carney spokesperson, Carney couldn't even be bothered to respond to the vile piece of filth that Donald Trump is the felon sexual abuser, disgusting criminal, and fraud. Just let the spokesperson deal with this disgusting thing in the south. This is what Prime Minister Carney spokesperson said. Canada is an independent sovereign nation and it will remain one. The Financial Times Headline was, Donald Trump offers Canada free golden dome protection.


If it gives up sovereignty US President says otherwise, it will cost its northern neighbors $61 billion to join the Defense Shield. By the way, everybody is clowning Donald Trump. Xi Jingping clowning Trump in America with statements. We really need stability in the world order. Donald, you think you should reflect on the position of the United States, right? You have China acting the way the United States once acted, and United States acting the way China once acted, or North Korea now acts. Frankly, North Korea acts more responsibly right now than the United States. You have Russian state media just mocking the crap out of Donald Trump's post.


Donald Trump's post this morning or yesterday morning. What Vladimir Putin doesn't realize is that if it weren't for me, lots of really bad things would've already happened to Russia. And I mean, really bad. He's playing with fire. Exclamation point. Oh no, you did it in all caps, Donald, that's really gonna scare Vladimir Putin, who, when he took the phone call with you last week, he did it at an elementary school in Southern Russia and he kept on talking about Melania to punk you and to make you feel like a little piece of crap and you thought he was praising you about Melania. So you left and you said to everybody, Hey everybody, he is talking about Melania and what a great reputation he is.


They're showing Melania nudes on Russian state regime media over and over again, and here's how they're talking about you. This is what RT Russian TV says. President Trump warns Moscow claiming Russia avoided in all caps really bad consequences. Only thanks to him. Putin doesn't realize he's playing with fire. Trump's message leaves little room for misinterpretation until he posts the opposite tomorrow morning. That is how they're clowning you. Donald Dmitri Med Vided, one of the former leaders of Russia, said the following regarding Trump's words about Putin playing with fire and really bad things happening to Russia.


I only know of one really bad thing, world War iii. I hope Trump understands this. And by the way, Donald Trump, who like in his own mind, is like self-fulfilling World War III because he's so terrified of actually sanctioning Russia and standing up because Trump is actually a massive coward. When you confront this pathetic felon, you just confront him. He's weak. He is a weak and vile individual. He's a felon, a sexual abuser. You have to stand up to him the way New York Attorney General Letitia James did, the way Eugene Carroll did.


The way the people who sued Trump University did. When Trump caved, Trump is caveman. He caves all of the time. By the way, the Russian bots then start to swarm Trump's social media when he makes those posts. This is what these bots then say to Trump. You know, in Russia, they've got an operation to swarm Trump's post with stuff like this. What did you expect Russia to do? Donald? A day prior Ukraine celebrated the largest drone attack against Moscow and tried to destroy his helicopter while he was in it. Stop supplying military and intelligence aid and watch how quickly this war ends. It's up to the US to stop the war by terminating aid. I still don't understand why Putin is the bad guy when Zelensky is clearly the dictator.


That's what all of the bots were swarming Donald Drums account and saying, you know who nailed it? Nailed it. Well, you know this, Hillary Clinton remember her convention speech where she said, if you can be baited by a fricking tweet, what do you think is gonna happen with Vladimir Putin? What? Remember when she said this, play this clip. If you dare imagine, imagine him in the Oval Office facing a real crisis. A man you can bait with. A tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons. And then remember in seven, in September, 2024, Hillary Clinton nailed it again when she was on the view, here's what she said here, play this clip.


He definitely beatable because he's a, he has a very fragile ego. Yep. That has to be constantly buttressed and people have to tell him how great he is and he has to tell himself how great he is and he has to have people around him who, you know, are constantly, you know, just giving him all of this, you know, emotional support So that Donald Trump spent the whole day spiraling where he would go other than the rigged presidential election of 2020. The biggest scandal in American history is the auto pen. Whoever used the auto pen, auto pen. But then he posts things like this, which is very damaging to our country and our economy.


He goes, our great mortgage agencies, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac provide a vital service to our nation by helping hardworking Americans reach the American dream. Home ownership. I am working on taking these amazing companies public, but I want to be clear, the US government will keep its implicit guarantees and I will stay strong in my position overseeing them as president. What he means by taking them public, they are already kind of public trust entities right now. He means privatizing them per project 2022. And the reason that they are a government, essentially, part of the government right now is because what we saw happen during the housing crisis, and we recognize the vulnerabilities that can exist.


I do not want the bankrupt of multiple casinos to be overseeing our housing market. The guy who doesn't understand what a tariff is to oversee the tariff, oversee the housing market. You've looked at mortgage rates recently. A mortgage rate right now is over 7% right now. More than 7% and it's gonna go higher as well. I think Spencer EY nails it here where he goes, Trump says he's working on taking Fannie and Freddie public. This is going to raise mortgage rates by 25 to 50 basis points. Home prices were already falling, but housing is cooked. It's a big problem that Donald Trump is doing.


Oh, this is when Donald Trump was bragging about what Vladimir Putin was saying about Melania the other week. Here play this clip right here. Compassionate at First Lady. I would say she is very dedicated. In fact, if you look at just what I heard, Putin just said, they respect your wife a lot. I said, what about me? No, they will they like, they like Melania better. That wasn't good. I don't know if that was good. I, I'm okay with it. I'm okay. And folks, it is open season for pardons right now at the Trump regime, right? You have Trump announcing pardons for Todd and Julie Chrisley after the reality TV stars fraud and tax evasion convictions because their kids were speakers at the Republican National Convention and full maga, they defrauded Atlanta area community banks to get more than $36 million in personal loans fraudulently, according to the United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Georgia, they also conspired to defraud the IRS.


Todd Chrisley was sentenced to 12 years. Julie Chrisley was sentenced to seven years, and now they are pardoned. And you add that to Michelle Fiori, lady Trump from Las Vegas, who used the money that was supposed to go to a fallen police officer's family who got killed in the line of duty and she spent it on cosmetic surgery for herself. This follows the pardon of a guy by the name of Paul Waca, whose mother attended a Trump fundraiser where she brought over a million dollars. This follows Donald Trump pardoning a MAGA sheriff Scott Jenkins, who was sentenced to 10 years on a federal bribery charge for selling badges to people who didn't deserve to have the badges.


Real, real pathetic stuff. And then, oh, Trump's Trump media company raising two and a half, $3 billion so that they can just basically purchase Bitcoin. At the same time, the Trump regime itself wants a Bitcoin reserve, obviously going to help their Bitcoin holdings from Trump media. That's the Trump regime. It is the worst functioning government in the world right now. The weakest in the world right now. And you can have American propaganda media try to, you know, spin this in some other direction, but they ain't spinning it in other countries who realize what a freaking wreck and devastation the United States of America's become.


And you could be all propagandized all you want and be like, things are great. It ain't, it ain't, unless you have the feels a certain way because you like the racism of Donald Trump, you ain't doing better. You ain't doing better unless you like the racism And that that's your part. But I guess that's part of what attracts people to this, you know, despicable movement. I don't know. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers. Thanks for watching you. Invite Us merch drop. Check out the latest pro-democracy sticker packs, t-shirts, pads, sweatshirts, and more. All at store@midastouch.com.