
As I've always said from day one, show me the data, not corporate contrived narratives, not self-defeating panic, not the MAGA spin. Show me the data. Like all of a sudden now when President Biden is actually leading in the polls in some swing states post-debate. Now all of a sudden, oh, those don't matter. Why are we looking at those? Like the new Bloomberg News Morning consult tracking poll, which actually as President Biden leading in Michigan and Wisconsin, he still got work to do in other swing states. But I don't know, is that something that's worth reporting on? If all you're gonna do is push the poll narrative for three years when it suited your narrative that Biden was down.


But post debate, you don't wanna cover it as John Federman, senator from Pennsylvania stated, but the New York Times told us it was Jo. Look, we got to focus on the facts and the data, and let me show you some facts and some data as well. On the one hand, you have Donald Trump posting things like this. Fox News puts on the worst people and all done very purposefully. John Busey, a Wall Street Journal associate, is a real loser who loves to hear himself talk. When he discusses me, he refuses to say, even though he knows it to be true, that everything I got accused of is a Biden inspired hoax for purposes of election interference.


He plays right into it with their web of deceit and deception by not explaining this, is he a Democrat or a really dumb Republican? Hard to believe I'm winning by so much with jerks like this. Stinking up the airways, get rid of him. Fox News, DJ jt. On the one hand you have that, and on the other hand you have President Biden making posts about our country, about things that actually matter. You've got President Biden posting things like the s and p and Nasdaq just finished at the highest levels ever recorded in history. President Biden posted in Wisconsin yesterday.


I made it clear I plan to win this state and win the election. President Biden posting the United States and the world are at an inflection point. The things that happen over the next several years are going to determine what the next six or seven decades look like. And think about it, folks, this upcoming week, you are going to have all of the NATO nations as strong and united as it's ever been. They're going to be holding a meeting in the United States, okay? Donald Trump wants to take America out of NATO to help Vladimir Putin.


Donald Trump has said that he wants to do that. Yet the media is continuing to push this narrative that President Biden should drop out of the race when you have Donald Trump, who literally wants to destroy America's international alliances to prop up America's enemy, Vladimir Putin to destroy our democracy. And then Donald Trump's most recent lie, the big lie that he's telling this week is, I know nothing about Project 2025. I have no idea who is behind it. And this is the type of messaging I think we need to see more of from President Biden. He goes, what is he talking about?


Trump is lying about Project 2025. It's his people and his plan, but it's your freedoms and your future at risk. Trump's project will destroy America. If you don't believe me, Google it. And then the Biden Harris campaign writes a desperate and lying Trump claims he knows nothing about his project 2025 agenda, even though his top aides are the ones behind it. Like right here, Steven Miller, who's literally on the advisory board of Project 2025. You see him right here in the video, cutting ads for them. The same thing Donald Trump's campaign spokesperson Caroline Levitt cutting ads for him.


Or how about John McKinney, one of Donald Trump's senior advisors, who, well, I'll just show you a video that he made recently. This was a senior advisor to Donald Trump who's leading Project 2025 on behalf of Donald Trump. And here he talks about in this video that he made, how he loves to give homeless people fake currency. So when they spend it, they get arrested. Here. This is what Trump's advisors saying, play it. So I always keep this fake Hollywood money in my car. So when a homeless person asks for money, then I give them like a fake $5 bill. So I feel good about myself, they feel good, and then when they go to use it, they get arrested.


So I'm actually like helping clean up the community, you know, getting them off the street Because you see, cruelty is the point, cruelty is the point. On the other hand, you have President Biden. How did he spend his weekend? He spent his weekend attending Mass at Saint Joseph's, as he always does. By the way, he's attended church more in office than any president in 70 years. But he recognizes the separation of church and state, so he doesn't push that in your face. Meanwhile, Donald Trump gives speeches in churches where he encourages the crowd to curse with kids at places of worship.


So whether you have Trump's advisors talking about handing fake money to homeless people so that they can get arrested when they spend it, or Trump cursing at places of worship, cruelty, weirdness, dangerousness, just this horrific behavior is the point. Play this clip. So they come up with something that's fake, just like everything else they do. It's all fake. The impeachment are fake. The court cases are a disgrace to our country. Everything is fake. So they come up with his order. I, I won't say it because I don't like using the word bullshit in front of these beautiful children, so I won't say it.


I will not say it. But this thing allows millions of people


Bond charge. It's a holistic wellness brand with a huge range of evidence-based products to optimize your life in every way. Founded on science and inspired by nature, all bond charge products adopt ancestral ways of living in our modern day world. Their extensive range of premium wellness products help you sleep better, perform better, have more energy, recover faster balance hormones, reduce inflammation. The list is endless. From blue light glasses and infrared saunas to red light therapy to EMF management and circadian friendly lighting. Bon Charge products help you naturally address the issues of our modern day way of life effortlessly and with maximum impact. My new favorite product from Bon Charge is their red light face mask. I have been noticing some wrinkles and blemishes recently, but then I started to use the Bon Charge Red Light face mask. And I have to say, this is amazing. Red light therapy has been reviewed in over 4,000 peer reviewed studies with 400 plus being double blind placebo trials. Not only do these studies have amazing health benefits, not one has shown any negative side effects. I use the red light face mask for 10 to 20 minutes each day. It's super lightweight on the face and it doesn't get so hot. I'm able to use it while watching TV or doing chores around the house. The one year warranty and sleek design and zero EMF radiation have me feeling great. It's nice and easy to use while watching tv, cooking a meal, putting the kids to bed, et cetera. Since using the red light face masks from bond charge, I have seen a notable difference in the fine lines and wrinkles on my face. I have a younger looking skin, less breakouts, and my skin is glowing Bon Charge ships worldwide in rapid time and is trusted by leading health professionals worldwide. Their customer service is great with easy returns and exchanges. Plus they have a 12 month warranty on all red light therapy devices. Bon Charge also has other amazing products such as low blue light bulbs, blue light glasses, EMF protection products, infrared sauna blankets, and 100% blackout sleep masks. All backed by science bond charge products are all hs. A FSA eligible giving you tax-free savings of up to 40%. So go to Bon Charge dot com and use our coupon code Midas to save 15%. That's B-O-N-C-H-A-R ge.com and use coupon code Midas M-E-I-D-A-S to save 15%. Thanks Bon Charge.


And just to take a look at just some of the behavior of the MAGA Republicans and the weird cult nature of it, these are some of the top MAGA Republican influencers for GAO Blow the MAGA wrapper who drives around in a MAGA Bentley with a Trump doll or like a, a life-size Trump doll in the car. Here's Marjorie Taylor Green and others with just Trump's face everywhere, and they've got Trump flags and Trump MAGA flags. And on the other hand, you've got President Biden just saying things like, I beat Trump in 2020.


I'm gonna beat him again in 2024. And as Congress member Jim Clyburn says, 15 million new jobs, 21 million Americans are now insured under the Affordable Care Act. The cost of insulin is capped at $35 per month for seniors on Medicare. That's just a fraction of what President Biden has been able to deliver. There is no one better suited to continue this country's progress than him. But if you're reading the New York Times, which whatever, here is what they posted today, a mark of shame for 900 years until now.


The term felon carries an ancient stigma, one that falls on millions of Americans today. Donald Trump might well redefine it. And the headline is a mark of shame for 900 years until now. What are you making felonies great again. What in the world are you? The New York Times headline is championing Donald Trump for making the term felon a good term right now. I mean, you normalize someone who's been found liable for sexual assault, someone who's been convicted of 34 counts of felonies. You're someone who led an insurrection, but a mark of shame until now.


Now being a felon according to the New York Times is a beautiful thing. It's a magnificent thing according to the New York Times. What in the world are they doing? Like what Mike Madrid said here, he said, the media pundits kicked over a hornet's nest. You're going to see a transformation of the media on the left after this. A lot of people did irreparable damage to themselves this week, regardless of who the nominee is. And I wanna share with you though, as Donald Trump's posting all of this deranged, unhinged stuff, what is it that President Biden is posting and doing? What is it that President Biden is saying? First, let me just show you more leaked footage of what Donald Trump did.


Donald Trump, the multiple time draft Dodger who said, our militaries and our veterans are suckers and losers according, by the way, to his own chief of staff, who was the former military general John Kelly, who Donald Trump now calls an idiot, his own top military guy and and who his own former chief of staff. Here's what the, here's some leaked footage of Donald Trump saying, nobody loves the military more than me. What does it even mean? No one love you. You didn't serve in the military. You called military vets who died and you called our vet suckers and losers. You mocked John McCain and said that war heroes don't get caught. How dare you say that you've mocked the parents of, of, of military men and women who have died.


This is Donald Trump. Play this clip And we appreciate everybody in the room and Happy Independence Day to everybody. I just want to say that there's nobody that loves the military more than me. We've done more than I would say any other President. On the other hand, here's President Biden in the interview that he did with George Stephanopoulos calling Donald Trump a congenital liar. Play this clip. The man is a congenital liar. As I said, they pointed out in that debate, he lied 27, 28 times the times or whatever number over 20 times, talk about how as good his economy was, how he brought down inflation, how this is the guy who, unlike only other president other than him, is Hoover lost more jobs than he created.


This is the guy who told us to put bleach in our arms to deal with Covid with a million over a million people died. This is the guy who talks about and want to get rid of the healthcare provision we put in place. This is the guy who wants to give the power back to big pharma to be able to charge exorbitant prices for drugs. This is the guy who wants to undo every single thing I've done. Every single, every single thing. And here's President Biden saying, look, people doubted me in 2020. They've doubted me over and over again. They said, there's gonna be a red wave. Let's just get to work. Roll up our sleeves and deliver for the American people. Play this clip. And one of the Other key factors there is it shows that in many of the battleground states, the Democrats who are running for Senate on the house are doing better than you are.


Well, that's not unusual in some states, but I carried an awful lot of Democrats last time. I ran in 2020. Look, I remember them telling me the same thing in 2020. I can't win the poll show. I can't win. Remember 2024? 2020, the red wave was coming before the vote. I said, that's not gonna happen. We're gonna win. We did better in an off year than almost any incumbent president ever has done. They said in 2023, all the tough race we're not gonna win. I went into all those areas and all those, all those districts, and We won. President Biden then delivers an optimistic message and says, look, I'm still optimistic about this country.


I know things are tough, but, but we are going to get through this together. Watch this. I'm optimistic about this country. I don't think we're a country of losers that he ports out. I don't think America's in tough shape. I think America's on the cusp of breaking through in so many incredible opportunities. This next term, I'm gonna make sure we have a straighten out the tax system. I'm gonna make sure we're in a situation where we have healthcare for all people or we're in a position where we have have childcare and elder care free up and all these things. The one thing I'm proudest of is you remember when my economic plan was put forward, A lot of the mainstream economists said it's not gonna work. Well, guess what?


They now have 16 Nobel Laureates, 16 of them in economics saying that Biden's next term would be based on what he wants to do. Enormous success. Trump's plan would cause a recession, which think increased inflation. I've made great progress and that's what I plan on doing. And we can do this, As Anthony Scaramucci says, used to be Donald Trump's pre press secretary. Now that project Hitler 2025 is being exposed, Donald Trump will pretend that he had nothing to do with it. However, his fingerprints are all over the project. And it's very important for the American people to understand what he wants to do with their country.


Absolutely. And here is Vice President Kamala Harris in a speech that she gave at the Essence Festival in New Orleans. Watch this. This was a very powerful moment. Play this clip. Sadly, the press has not been covering it as much as they should in proportion to the seriousness of what just happened. When the United States Supreme Court essentially told this individual who has been convicted of 34 felonies that he will be immune from essentially the activity he has told us he is prepared to engage in if he gets back into the White House.


Understand what we all know in 122 days. We each have the power to decide what kind of country we want to live in, understand what we know when there has been a full, unintentional attack against hard thought, hard won freedoms and rights. When I talk about the family that raised me, yes, they took me in a stroller as they were marching and shouting for justice, knowing that justice will not be achieved unless we are prepared to march and shout and fight for it. And one of the ways we do that is through our vote.


And as I said, folks, just show me the data. I don't need these panic narratives. I don't need this corporate media hyena feeding frenzy where they fail to report on the most basics of the threat that Donald Trump poses. But every single day have knives out. When it comes to President Biden. Just show me the data and what the data tells me time and time again is that the American people are a decent people. The American people are smart. The American people love democracy. The American people don't wanna wake up every day with our White House account and the at POTUS Twitter account with whiny messages in all caps.


Well, this person's going after me. That person, maybe corporate media likes that 'cause that helps their ratings when they can talk about it. But we want normalcy. We want to raise our families with a role model in the White House, not someone like Donald Trump who's been found liable for sexual assault, who curses all day and and, and defiles every single thing that he touches. The American people get it. I have great confidence in the American people and that's why we focus on the data here at the Midas Touch Network. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million together. Thanks for watching. Love this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter at Midas Touch dot com slash Newsletter.