
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% Off terms apply.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck G. PT, What do You know? All Sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win. FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days at receipt. Restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Donald Trump just got thrown under the bus in a big way by his own FBI Director Cash Patel. Donald Trump didn't expect it. Frankly, I don't even think Cash Patel expected what was going to happen to unfold while he was doing this weird interview with Joe Rogan. But while he's doing this interview with Joe Rogan, that's the moment that Elon Musk starts posting about the secrets that he knows about Donald Trump and that the Elon Musk posted this, you know this, that the reason that the Epstein files have not been released by the Department of Justice is because Donald Trump is all over the Epstein list and that Donald Trump and the DOJ Attorney General, Pam Bondi and Cash Patel are covering it up to try to save and protect Donald Trump.


Now, Elon Musk isn't just some random character. He was basically the co-president, right? Donald Trump exalted this guy to, you know, some co-president status. And Elon Musk is saying that. So here's what goes down. You have Cash Patel, who doesn't really even, you know, know what his job is as the FBI director. So he's there chilling with Joe Rogan. Elon Musk starts posting about Donald Trump being on the Epstein list. So Joe Rogan asks Cash Patel about it. Now, cash Patel has the files. We know he has the files on his desk. Attorney General, Pam Bondy said that she had it on her desk, that she gave it to Cash Patel, and that Cash Patel and the FBI and the DOJ are going through it.


So Rogan asks Cash Patel, what do you make of this? That Elon Musk is saying this about Donald Trump. And then Cash Patel doesn't take Donald Trump's side cash. Patel doesn't say, I know that Trump's not on the list. I know that Elon is lying. That's BS cash. Patel goes, I'm just gonna stay out of this one. I'm gonna stay out of this one. That was his answer, not defending Donald Trump. And I'm gonna stay out of this one. I want you to watch what took place here. Play this clip. This Is gonna come up 'cause it's been going on since we've been recording here. Oh, Elon and Trump seem to be in a bit of a spat.


Joe, you wanna check the tweet that Elon just put out a little bit ago? Time to drop the really big bomb. Donald Trump is in the Epstein files. That's the real reason. They have not been made public. Have a nice day. Jesus Christ. I'm not participating in any of that conversation Between Elon and Chad. What is he? Have a nice day. DJD. Someone's day gets blown away. They're going back and forth about different things and yeah, Listen, Mike, well, he said he was disappointed in Elon. Yes, they told him to leave. Jesus Christ. That's a crazy thing to say. How does he know? Does he know that Donald Trump is in the Epstein files? I mean, does he have access to the Epstein files? I'm just, I don't know how he would, but I'm just staying out of the Trump Elon thing. That's way outside my Lane. What the fuck are they they doing? That's, I know my lane and that Ain't it.


I just don't, I mean, I understand he owns Twitter. I think it's bad for your mental health. I think posting things public all day and arguing with people all day is bad for you. Where there's smoke, there's fire, and oh boy, there's a lot going on right here. So Donald Trump was asked on Air Force one about Elon Musk, and he's been really standoffish about answering any questions about Musk Musk knows where the bodies are buried. So Donald Trump goes, I just wish him well. I wish him well. Here, play this clip. What's Your view on Elon Musk as of today? I mean, are, have you heard from him at all as your team? Honestly, I've been so busy working with China, working on Russia, working on Iran, working on so many.


I'm not thinking about on the, and I just wish him well. I just wish him well. Who else did Donald Trump wish? Well, who else did Donald Trump say? I wish her well? Oh, we got the receipts. Ghislaine Maxwell, the person who was the lead trafficker, sex trafficker for Jeffrey Epstein, who was very close friends with Donald Trump. Remember during the first Trump administration where Trump said during Ghislaine Maxwell's sex trafficking trial, I wish her well. That was his response to it. Here play this clip. Ghislaine Maxwell is in prison. And so a lot of people want to know if she's going to turn in powerful people.


And I know you've talked in the past about Prince Andrew and you criticized Bill Clinton's behavior. I'm wondering, do you feel that she's going to turn in powerful men? How do you see that working out? I don't know. I haven't really been following it too much. I just wish her, well, frankly, I've met her numerous times over the years, especially since I lived in Palm Beach and I guess they lived in Palm Beach, but I wish her well, whatever it is, I don't know the situation with Prince Andrew. Just don't know, not aware of It. Now I just want to talk about the facts. You've seen me do videos on Trump's connections with Epstein before. So let me just give you the facts. Fact number one on the limited flight logs from Epstein's Jet that have been released, Donald Trump's name appears over seven times on that list.


Now there's more flight logs that exist that just haven't been produced, but of what's been produced Trump's on the flight log seven times. Donald Trump's all over the depositions in the various Epstein criminal and civil cases like over here where one of Epstein's victims said, Jeffrey said, great, we'll call up Trump and we'll go to one of his casinos at Ghislaine Maxwell's trial, someone who is now an adult, but at the time she met Trump, she was 14 years old. She was just a girl, Jane Doe. She says, Jeffrey Epstein introduced me to Trump at 14. One of Ghislaine Maxwell's accusers said That was Jane Doe.


We know that in other cases involving Jeffrey Epstein, Donald Trump is identified as DOE 1 74. There's a lot of redactions and things that haven't been released, but Trump is DOE 1 74. It'd be easy to get if we have the Epstein files. I would just say, show me all this stuff related to the conduct by DOE 1 74 and Epstein. Another fact, Donald Trump is in Jeffrey Epstein's personal address book, full list of contexts here, contacts here, but you have all of kind of Trump's phone numbers that were there. Another fact, I'm just giving you undisputed facts. You, you can't rebut these facts.


You can make of them what you are, what you will, but you can't rebut these facts. Jeffrey Epstein would find the little girls he trafficked at Mar-a-Lago, for example. Again, this is undisputed, Virginia Giuffre, who's now died by suicide out of nowhere, died by suicide. A few weeks back, she was homeless. She got a job at Mar-a-Lago somehow while she was working at Mar-a-Lago. In comes Ghislaine Maxwell. Ghislaine Maxwell says, if you want to make some more money, Virginia, I want to introduce you to Jeffrey Epstein. She goes over to Epstein as a minor, and then they start trafficking Virginia Giuffre.


And then she gets, gets sexually assaulted by Prince Andrew. And she's one of, she was one of the more high profile victims who told her horrific stories. And that's what she alleged about Prince Andrew. Horrible, horrible stuff here.


If you're a homeowner, you need to listen to this. In today's AI and cyber world, scammers are stealing home titles and your equity is the target. Here's how it works. Criminals forge your signature on one document, use a fake notary stamp, pay a small fee with your county, and just like that, your home title has been transferred out of your name. Then they take out loans using your equity or even sell your property, and you won't even know it's happened until you get a collection or foreclosure notice. So when's the last time you checked your home title? If your answer is never, you need to do something about it right now. That's why I've partnered with Home Title Lock. So you can find out today if you're already a victim, use my promo code midas@hometitlelock.com and you'll get a free title history report and a free trial of their million dollar triple lock protection. That's 24 7 monitoring of your title, urgent alerts to any changes. And if fraud does happen, they'll spend up to $1 million to fix it. Find out why I trust Home Title Lock. Protect yourself like I did, and don't be a victim. Protect your equity today. Go to home title lock.com and use promo code Midas. That's home title lock.com. Promo code Midas.


So this is what Cash Patel said May 28th when he was being interviewed by Fox, he said, I'm not withholding this information, I just need more time. He said, here, play this clip. The Other thing on the internet is the Epstein files. What's the answer to that? The answer to that is the same as everything else. I'm not going to withhold information from the American public ever, but I'm also not going to rush to get it out there in a format in which they can't rely on it. So on the Epstein matter or any other matters, we are diligently working on that. And it takes time to go through years of investigations, years of political maneuvering, and years of coverup to get the American people what they deserve.


And that's what I'm gonna give them on everything. Now, the time that they are all trying to buy is so that they can try to come up with excuses. They're trying to figure out the best way to message this. And I'll show you how Donald Trump's propaganda regime is messaging this. So you have, let's take a look First at what Sean Hannity says. Sean Hannity spends a huge amount of time at the end of last week defending Trump on Epstein. Here's what Hannity says, play this clip. And it got personal Elon Musk claiming, oh, Trump is in the Epstein files. That's the real reason. They have not been made public. Well, it's been well known that Donald Trump said that Elon was angry over Trump's decision to end the electric vehicle mandate.


I can certainly understand why Elon, you know, wants that in the one big beautiful Bill, pretty obvious, pretty apparent, understandable difference. And on the Epstein issue wasn't if Donald Trump, he booted Epstein out of Mar-a-Lago nearly 20 years ago because he was one of the first people to realize just how horrible Epstein really was. And by all accounts, he was kicked out because of his treatment of young women. Now Democrats and the media, I'm just thinking out loud here. I'm just wondering, putting two and two together, I truly wonder if we're old friend Bill Clinton, how you doing? Good to talk to you. We know he had a relationship with Epstein that's been reported on.


Is he in the, are he is Bill Clinton on? Is he in those files also? I can't say for sure, I haven't seen them, but if I was a betting man, I know where I'd put my money. Now if by some, you know, chance that Bill Clinton is in there, I wonder if he kicked Epstein out of his life as publicly as Donald Trump did. I guess if Donald Trump felt that Epstein had something on him, he probably wouldn't have kicked him out of his club. Inquiring minds. I think they'll wanna know that. Now, here's what news Max's Carl Higby had to say about Trump and it being on the Epstein list. Play this clip. Still love Trump.


And I really like Elon. This is just a really crappy scenario right now, and I really hope these two can patch these things up because I think Elon took a low blow by tweeting that quote, DJT was on the Epstein client list. I mean, something that he knows can't be immediately verified. Also, if Trump was on that island doing something illegal after all the legal battles that Biden threw at him, if he had done something illegal with Jeffrey Epstein, you would think they would've thrown that at him. No, they pulled out the stops on everything else. The only thing we can point to that was a known association with Epstein was that he was at his club once and, and by the way, Trump kicked him out of that club because of reported bad behavior.


And also Elon, if you knew he was on the Epstein client list, why did you let him board Marine One with your son? Just asking. But the best thing for Trump to do now is to release the list. Something that also our FBI and Pam Bondi have promised us. Now, here's what Charlie Kirk had to say, play this clip. Now 10 years later, we're supposed to believe that there's gonna be a smoking gun of something in the Epstein files. But what is in the Epstein files is, yes, president Donald Trump has probably mentioned, he was mentioned in the Epstein file dump back in February. You know why he lived in Palm Beach? There's probably thousands of names in the Epstein files. Was he part of the Epstein client list?


Absolutely not. That is complete nonsense. But to say that Donald Trump is not releasing the Epstein files because he's in them in some incriminating way, yes, it's very clear that if you live in Palm Beach, you might've been mentioned and caught up in some sort of conversation with Jeffrey Epstein. Now, one of the other things I want to point out is it wasn't just Trump that had all these strong connections with Epstein. Of course you had RFK Jr previously went on Fox back on December 5th, 2023. And here's what he said about his connections with Epstein play this clip. You weren't ever on Jeffrey Epstein's jet, were you?


I was on Jeffrey Epstein's jet two times. I was on it on in 1993 and I was on it in, and I went to Florida with my wife and two children to visit my mom over Easter. My, my wife had some kind of relationship with Ghislaine Maxwell and they offered us a ride to Palm Beach. So I went then and on another occasion I flew again with my family with I think four of my children and, and, and Mary, my wife, to Rapid City, South Dakota to go fossil hunting I for a weekend.


And, but other, otherwise I was, I was never on his Jett alone. I, you know, I've been very open about this from the beginning. This was in 93, so it was 30 years ago. It was before anybody knew about Jeffrey Epstein's, you know, his nefarious issues. And I agree with you that these, all of this information should be released and we, we should get real answers on what happened to Jeffrey Epstein and any of the high level political people that he was involved with. All of that should be open to the public. It should be absolutely transparent.


And, you know, I don't see why any of those records would have any redactions in them. Why would we be hiding that from the American public so You can put all these pieces together. Oh, and then Donald Trump in, was it 2002, said Jeffrey Epstein's a great guy who likes women on the younger side. That was a direct quote, not to mention Donald Trump sponsored teen bathing suit pageants, teen teens walking around, girls in bathing suits and, and also just adult swimsuit competitions and girls swimsuit competitions. And Trump would say that he would inspect them naked.


And he said, because he's the host or he's the, the owner of the pageant that he gets to inspect naked. He gets the, he says he's like a doctor who inspects women naked, is what he said. Girls naked. Horrible stuff. Horrible, horrible stuff. It sickens me. Anyway, hit subscribe. Let's get to 5 million subscribers, but it's coming to light. Love this video. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch and help us blow past 1 million followers.