
Time to move. skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor Request. an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year Start your move at Open Door dot com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Open Door brokerage. LLC In. its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Today we have two very special guests on our program, introducing Lemon. Hey and live. Hello for starry lemon lime soda. Thanks for having us. What is Starry Lemon Lime soda. It's A crisp, clear burst of lemon lime flavor and it's caffeine Free between us. One of you must be a little more important to starry than the other. Who is it? We're both important, so it could just as easily be starry lime lemon soda. No, That doesn't sound right. Oh, I like it. So you saying hip hop could be hot? Hip works for me. Starry lemon lime soda. Starry pits different.


You want to see how deeply unserious this Trump administration is an outright dangerous Donald Trump, just named as his senior director of Counter-terrorism. MAGA Radio host Sebastian Gorka, who couldn't pass an FBI background check and get a security clearance back in 2017. Yes, this is the same Sebastian Gorka, who during the inauguration Ball back in 2017 wore an outfit and medal honoring the VIIA Re order, which was a Hungarian nationalist organization that was linked to Nazis.


More on that in a bit. Also you have Sebastian Gorka who was taking selfies of himself like this Black guns matter photos like this. This is him right here. He also, again, now that he's the appointed as the senior director of Counter-terrorism, so the guy who's supposed to protect us from counter-terrorism, here's what he previously posted. Warning my Twitter account with 1.2 million followers was hacked and linked to an email list that is not mine. In the meantime, I cannot log onto my account and the automated response says it can take days or longer for Twitter to react.


In the meantime, the hackers are already posting fraudulent posts about fundraising for St. Jude's. Another thing for Elon Musk to fix, as Ron Philip Kowski says, this is the guy who's supposed to protect us from terrorism. Jojo from jurors goes Holy F word. Sebastian Gorka is his pick to be senior director for counter-terrorism. Seb effing Gorka, who has denied security clearance in the last Trump administration. Seb effing Gorka, who has ties to Nazi allied organizations in Hungary, the director of counter terrorism, by the way, for all of the Jews who voted for Donald Trump.


You may wanna take a look at this from the last time around the times of Israel. Here's where It says A top aid to Donald Trump, who recently defended the administration's omission of Jews from a Holocaust. Remembrance Day statement has, on several occasions, war insignia tied to Nazi collaborators in Hungary. Sebastian Gorka, a former editor at Brightbart News and now a deputy assistant to the president was photographed and interviewed at the Trump inauguration wearing the uniform and medal of the ESI wr a Hungarian Order of Merit closely associated with Nazi Germany.


You see him wearing it right here. There he is with his wife wearing the order of VIIA Rand back the last time around. Here was the article from NBC News, Sebastian Gorka May Nazi linked VIIA Rand proud by wearing the medal controversy, has swirled around Sebastian Gorka, one of Trump's top counter-terrorism advisors ever since he attended the inaugural ball, wearing the honorary medal of the Hungarian Nationalist Organization. Bei Ren NBC News traveled to Hungary to dig deeper into Gorka ties with the group, speaking with members of the organization as well as with locals who knew him when he lived there. Well, I guess it's make Hungary great again, right?


Donald Trump admires Victor Orban, the authoritarian leader of Hungary, whose entire GDP is under $200 billion a year. That's less than some major American corporations make. Carol Schaefer says, yes. Sebastian Gorka is part of the order of the Vizi. An homage to the Hungarian Nationalist Group active from 1920 to 1944. His leadership eagerly aided Adolf Eichman in sending 400,000 Hungarian Jews to Auschwitz. So sure have him on TV to talk about antisemitism. I mean it's so utterly pathetic. And again, I showed you these photos here of what he's been wearing.


Also, he went on interviews and a number of times he called Vice President Kamala Harris, a colored person here play this clip. I think that Kamala Harris is gonna do better in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania than Joe Biden. Would I mean that? That's 'cause it can't. It can't be anybody else. Rob, you're being logical. Stop it. Alright. She's a DEI hire, right? She's a woman. She's colored. Therefore she's gotta be good.


Let's talk about time savers for a second. Time is everything. And the last thing I want to worry about while I'm making videos for Midas Touch is having to wait in line at the post office just to overpay for postage. So if you're running a business or just want to ship and mail like you're in the 21st century, can I introduce you to stamps.com? It's the time saver you didn't know you needed, but you need. stamps.com isn't just for small business mailings. Whether you're a small startup or a multi-location, organization, stamps.com handles all your mailings and shipping needs, wherever and whenever you need. If You sell products online. It's seamlessly connects with every major marketplace and shopping cart. Think of stamps.com as your 24 7 post office. You can take care of mailing and shipping right from your computer or phone anytime day or night. No lines, no traffic, no waiting. All you need is a computer and a printer. And get this, they even send you a free scale. Now I know the cost of postage increased in July, but here's the kicker. stamps.com offers some crazy discounts. We're talking up to 89% off USPS and UPS rates. That's some serious savings. So here's the deal. Sign up@stamps.com and enter code Midas M-E-I-D-A-S for a special offer that includes a four week trial plus free postage and a free digital scale. No long-term commitments or contracts. That's stamps.com. Use the code Midas and get that deal right now


as Joe Puma says, Sebastian reported to Steve Bannon in Trump's first term, Gorka is known for his anti-Islamic views and he was accused of having ties to a Hungarian far right Nazi group. But besides all of that, how is he going to counter terrorism if he's too dumb and gets hacked the way he did? John Ridge goes, yeah, the same Sebastian Gorka who failed to obtain a clearance in 2017 and worked for the Hungarian Ministry of Defense for multiple years. Peoc Latin says now Jews are contacting me left and right regretting their vote for Trump. I didn't believe he'd put Gorka and Matt Gates in power.


You voted for this shit show right here. Let me show you this. This is Donald Trump's former national security advisor, John Bolton on CNN. Here's what he had to say about Gorka. He calls Gorka a conman who needs a full field FBI, background investigation about where his loyalty resides. Play this clip. Can I, can I get your take? 'cause we were just announced talking about all the announcements that came out tonight, tonight from Donald Trump. It was a flood of them for a lot of cabinet picks. One of them is a name that, that I believe you'll be familiar with. Sebastian Gorka. He was previously working in the White House before with NSE.


He's someone who worked with Steve Bannon. He was forced out when, when General Kelly came in as the chief of staff, he has been named as a, a deputy assistant to the president and senior director for for counter terrorism. What's your thought on that selection tonight? Well, Sebastian Gork is a conman. I wouldn't have him in any US government. Fortunately it's not the, the the highest position he had been mentioned for, but I don't think it's going to bode well for counter-terrorism efforts when the NSC senior director is somebody like that. And and this is why obviously everybody is now focusing on the top jobs, but the questions of who are the deputy secretaries, who, who are the under secretaries and so on, is also gonna tell us a lot about who's actually running the government, What you call it, him, a con man.


What, what's your tell us why? Well, I tell you he needs a full field FBI background investigation about his, his educational claims and things like that. I, I don't, I think, I think he is a, a perfect example of somebody who owes his position purely to Donald Trump. He's, he doesn't display loyalty. He displays fealty and, and that's what Trump wants. He doesn't want gork his opinions. He wants Gorka to say, yes sir, and I am fully confident. That's exactly what will happen no matter what it is Trump says. I'm sure he'll have a lot of thoughts o on those comments from you, but on on.


Then finally, let me show you this clip right here of John Bolton as well. Donald Trump's former national security advisor who says this about Tulsi Gabbard and Matt Gaetz and the threat that they poses play the clip You, but on, on those top positions that you just mentioned, you, we saw the first cabinet pick for Trump withdraw yesterday. Matt Gaetz was said his nomination was becoming a, a distraction. You tweeted after that quote, one down more to follow. Do you think that there are other names that are going to, to withdraw that have been, that have been chosen by Donald Trump and why? Or that will be defeated on, on the floor of the Senate? I mean there are a lot of competitors to see who's as bad as Gates who actually turned out to be the worst cabinet nominee in history.


Tulsi Gabbard iss now number two, but I put, I put the two of them in a class by themselves. There are others, Pete Hegseth for defense who have come under fire. Tulsi Gabbard threat to our national security really is a completely different level. And, and I think now that that gates has taken himself out of the race for ag, I think enormous amounts of attention have to be directed at Gabbard. Would you Vote? And of course we need to still focus on Tulsi Gabbard, Pete Heif I mean this is a group of unqualified people who are outright dangerous to our government.


Interesting. Right? Donald Trump uses the phrase, the enemy from within. Remember, he would always say that The enemy from within. The enemy from within. Well, as we always like to say here, and I think you know this to be the case, it's always projection and confession with these maga I'll just leave it at that. Could you imagine if someone from the Biden administration was showing up to the inaugural balls wearing the order of groups associated with Nazis? Could you imagine what that would be like? Speaking of which, let me, let me give us a timeline refresher, A YouTube refresher. This was a speech that President Biden gave on Friday night.


watch this, play, this clip, serving His president of the United States. Been the honor of my life below our time and all is coming to an end our cause endures. That's because this is the journey of America. America, the America of our dreams is calling us to stay engaged, to never give up, to keep going, to keep the faith. I know I will, and I know you will. You just remember who in God's name we are with the United States of America and there's nothing, nothing beyond the capacity when we do it together.


God bless you all. And may God protect our troops. Please enjoy the dinner. Thank you. Thank you. Well, there you have it folks. Let me know what you think. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers together and thank you so much for watching Love, this video. Make sure you stay up to date on the latest breaking news and all things Midas by signing up to the Midas Touch newsletter@midastouch.com slash newsletter.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, lemme point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libs in ads. Choose from hundreds of top podcasts offering host endorsements or run a pre-produced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.