
Donald Trump's campaign continues to collapse. It was in full meltdown mode over the weekend. Donald Trump trailing in major polls now down significantly. Vice President Kamala Harris pulling ahead and getting about 50 plus percentage of the votes in some of these new polls, which I think is an important metric. So what does Donald Trump do? Eh, double down attack Taylor Swift. Act like a immature petulant third grader, no offense to immature petulant third graders, and post things like I hate. Taylor Swift also claimed that Vice President Kamala Harris got the answers fed to her through earrings during the debate.


And then Donald Trump bragging about how he won the debate, but also saying that it was rigged at the same time. And then all of MAGA saying, oh, it was rigged. It was three on one. I'm not sure that's going to play well with, I don't know, common sense voters and pro-democracy voters and independence. Also, did you see JD Vance's disastrous weekend appearances? I dunno if you saw this, but he said that we make up stories like Haitians eating dogs and cats to bring attention to issues that we want to bring attention to issues. So in other words, you lie and you've now placed entire communities and their lives in jeopardy.


More elementary schools had to be closed in Springfield, Ohio. The Haitian community has been targeted now, not just in Springfield, but frankly across the country, will break that down as well. We'll show the contrast between the campaign stops that Donald Trump's been making. He made a campaign stop of all places in California. Not really sure why he did that one. He was also in Las Vegas, Nevada. we will explain what he did there, and we'll contrast that to Vice President Kamala Harris's speech she gave at the Phoenix Award, which is a Congressional Black Caucus Award. And Governor Walls gave an incredible speech in Wisconsin. we will break down those speeches, and then we'll talk about the potential assassination attempt on Donald Trump at his Florida golf course, where the Secret Service had previously warn Donald Trump that that golf course was a hazard.


It was dangerous, and that it should not be used. It was right there by the public streets. And Donald Trump said, I don't care. I want to golf. That's the latest reporting we're getting from insiders. We'll talk about that and more. This is the Midas Touch podcast. Brett and Jordy, how are you both doing? Doing great. It's great to be here. Ben, big day for you. Ben. As everybody knows, Ben has been on Baby watch 2024, and we are getting very close, I will say to that happening. So stay tuned there. Everything's going good. I I, I could not help but notice that, you know, as we've seen this, these polls rise for Vice President Harris in the wake of the debate, as we've seen Donald Trump not take it well to say the least, the craziness is ramped up like this past weekend, it felt like a level up in the rhetoric that was coming from Donald Trump and his allies.


It felt like a level up in the lying that we've been seeing, and it really started with this debate moment, you know, with the dogs and cats and him amplifying that to such a wide audience, that absolute utter lie about these Haitian immigrants who are there legally, by the way, in Springfield, Ohio. And every day now, it's just like six new lies that are just being spread constantly by Trump or Trump affiliates. And you could see them kind of really just beginning to crack and panic in such large ways. And I just think it's really getting to them. They don't know what to do. Their policies are not aligned with the people.


They have no positive rhetoric to run on. So they go, okay, we'll just go full kind of Russia disinformation campaign, just flood the zone with all this crap and hope something sticks and hope people care. But you know, when as I look at it, I think that people are just done with the chaos. I think people look at it. I think people look at the lies. I think people look at everything that's going on with Trump and go, I am just like exhausted like this. This is exhausting me, and enough is enough. And so I think we're seeing that in the polls. I think Donald Trump is gonna continue to spin his wheels and, and just make things worse for himself as, as he always does. He's not good, you know, in this sort of position. And it's just been interesting to see. We get a lot to talk about Jordy, what's new?


Well, excited for the show tonight. And Brett, you know, to the Midas mighty audience out there, I think as the days go on and the polls look worse and worse for Trump and, and the, just the other chaos of the campaign continues to unravel in real time, I just want our audience to just be prepared. And I know we all are. They're trying To get you exhausted. They're trying to make you tired, but hang in there every step of the way. Don't let them get to you. Just let it be used as a reminder for exactly what we don't want this country to fall back into. And that's another Donald, Trump presidency, Ben, I wanna share with all of the Mightest mighty out there in various forms, whether it was the emails that you've sent me, direct messages I've received, I've seen numerous Reddit boards giving me advice about what I can do.


And I'm grateful. I appreciate it. I really do. And it means a lot to me. And I've read those Reddit message boards. I've read all of these posts with some incredible suggestions. So honestly Thank you for taking the time out of your day and your thoughtfulness for sharing with me some parenting tips and what I will be going through in the next 24, 48 hours. And thereafter, just to give everybody a sense, it's our expectation that within the next 48 hours or so, the baby will be born. I think the baby will be born on, on Tuesday or Wednesday, and potentially checking into the hospital later. We'll keep you posted every step of the way.


But we are able to do this podcast without any significant time constraints now. So I just don't want anybody to worry about that, you know, at the outset. And my wife and I are incredibly excited, and we have a meal plan before we kind of check in. And so again, I just want from the bottom of my heart, Thank you. Thank you Thank you. All right, let's get into the show. Enough about me. Let's talk about what Donald Trump was saying in his golf course in Paolo Verde. And then let's compare that. And that's in California. And let's compare it to Governor Walls and Vice President Kamala Harris. So one of the things that Donald Trump said that he wants to do with the Haitian migrants who are lawfully in Springfield and have contributed to the economy in major and important ways have been incredible workers.


Donald Trump wants to take them and he wants to bring them to Venezuela. Here play this clip. No, I, I will. Maybe Springfield, maybe Aurora, maybe both. We'll go there. I can say this. we will do large deportations from Springfield, Ohio, large deportations. We're gonna get these people out. We're bringing them back to Venezuela. You know, he told Biden, he's not accepting anybody back. They moved all their criminals, not all of 'em, but the rest are moving in now. And again, I mean it's horribly racist. It's a lie. Then he's told during this press conference or whatever this is supposed to be that he's doing in his golf club in California.


But you know, the mayor of Springfield, the Republican governor, all say that what you're saying is a lie and it's hurting the community. And here's what Trump says in response. The mayor Of Springfield, Ohio, the police chief, the Republican governor of Ohio, have all debunked this story about people leaving pets. And now there are bomb threats at schools and kids being evacuated. Why do you still spread? No, no, this whole story, the real threat is what's happening at our border. Because you have thousands of people being killed by illegal migrants coming in and also dying. You have women dying as they come up. They're coming up in large groups. We call it a caravan. I think I came up with that name, but it's really what it is.


10,000, 15,000, 20,000 people. Then you have him kind of doubling down and tripling down on this rhetoric. But he's asked about how do you think you did in the debate? Lots of Republicans are saying you did really bad. Like, what's your response to that? Here, play this clip questions On the debate. First of all, I know you've said that you will not do another debate. Some of your own Republican allies have come out and said that you missed the mark, that You missed another, no, no, no. Excuse me. Most of my Republican allies had said I was great in the debate. You, you just like, you know a lot of other people at Fox. Well, why don't you say most, 94% of the Republicans said, I did phenomenally in the debate.


Some said that I could have been tougher. don don't know how I could have been tougher when I said he's the worst president and she is the worst vice president in the history of our country. 94% of the Republicans and the only one that wouldn't would maybe Mitt Romney or somebody like that. But we've gotten great praise for the debate. And based on the polls like Rasmussen being up six today, the first poll based on the polls, obviously I did well in the debate also based on the debate polls, where sometimes had in one case 92% win. So, you know, look, you come from Fox, you shouldn't play the same game as everybody else. Go ahead. Go ahead. And this is just who he is. It's the election denialism all over again.


He goes, the debates rigged. This is rigged, this is a lie. The poll numbers say this. And he relies on what, like his own like Twitter polls or whatever. And then here, by the way, you have Donald Trump. He's asked about Laura Loomer, who, as I've said, she's really taken the place of Marjorie Taylor Green and has become like their maga queen. The undisputed MAGA female boss right now is none other than Laura Loomer. And Trump's saying, well, why are you hanging out with this right wing extremist? Laura Loomer? Here's what he said. He loves her spirit. Go ahead. Go ahead. Just Say your Republican colleagues or your allies who are concerned about your close relationship with Laura Loomer.


Well, I don't know what they would say. I, Laura's been a, a supporter of mine, just like a lot of people are supporters and she's been a supporter of mine. She speaks very positively of the campaign. I'm not sure why you asked that question, but Laura is a supporter. I don't control Laura, Laura has to say what she wants. She's a, she's a free spirit. Well, don don't know I mean. Look, I can't tell Laura what to do. Laura's a supporter. I have a lot of supporters, but I so don don't know what exactly you're referring to. That's okay. One of the most pernicious aspects of Donald Trump. Not just who he associates with, right? But like, he consistently posts Laura Loomer stuff over and over again, probably at at least a half a dozen of his rallies, maybe more.


He calls Laura Loomer out by name and says how courageous she is, what a patriot he is, how important she is to the movement in private at Mar-a-Lago Donald Trump gives speeches and says, you don't want to be loomed. Laura Loomer's out there, where's Laura? Laura, you're the greatest. Keep doing what you're doing. Then she flies with him on the planes. But he co-signs everything she does. And then he uses her attacks on the judges, the judges' daughters, the opponents. He then adopts that as reports. And this is what journalists are saying, but it's coming from Loomer and it's into his, you know, speeches and his rhetoric, right? The whole thing about Donald Trump saying that, you know, the ear pieces that Kamala was wearing in her earrings was giving her the questions.


That was what Laura Loomer was reporting on. And it was a lie and unhinged conspiracy. Laura Loomer was one of the first person posting the memes saying that Vice President Kamala Harris is not really black. And then Donald Trump used those memes and would just repost that stuff all of the time. Right here, this is at the speech that Trump gives later in the night. On Friday in Las Vegas, Nevada, where he says he thinks that Kamala Harris got the questions fed to her via an earpiece in the earring she was wearing. Here play the clip. Sorry about that. Did she get the questions? Did you think so? I hear she got the questions and I also heard she had something in the ear.


Little something in the ear. No, Kamala, do this. Say it this way, Kamala. Okay, be quiet. Too many people watch. And then he starts calling her names. play the clip. Hey, is W Harris? They know Kamala, they know Kabala. That was the nickname I used for a while, but I don't use it anymore because everyone thought I was just mispronouncing her name. I wasn't bla Okay, so then he calls on stage like a right wing, a right wing Canadian podcast host, the the Nel boy.


And the Nel Boy uses his time to say that what he really wants is these tobacco pouches to not be taxed in, in Minnesota. Here, play this clip. One more thing. I know it's passionate about Governor Tim Walls. He put a 95% tax on Z. We gotta get that removed. President Trump, Then Donald Trump was getting endorsed by Latin Music Superstar Nick Jam, which was, you know, I think a kind of punch to the gut to many in the Latino community. And when Donald Trump brings Nick Jam on stage, Nick Jam is a, is a man.


Here's Nick Jam. Here's a photo of Nick Jam. So you can just see what Nick Jam looks like, or I'll show you that in a bit. But here's what Donald Trump says about Nick Jam. Yeah, that, that's who Nick Jam is. And here's what Donald Trump says. Latin music superstar Nick Jam. Do you know Nick? She's hot. Where's Nikki? Where's Nick Thank? you, Nikki, great to be having you here. Now you have To. get look, come here, come here. I'm glad he came up. I'm glad he came up more. I had no idea who he was. No, no idea who he was.


Then Nikki Jam, who, you know, supports Trump, went up there. Now he's just getting trolled in the community and by all of his people. Like, like, dude, what are you doing? Like Donald Trump, you endorsed a guy who couldn't even Google who you were to determine if you were a man or a female and you were willing to give up up everything for, for this guy. Alright? So that's what Trump was saying. I want to talk about that, but I wanna give the comparison right now. Yeah, can can we, can we talk about it for a second? I mean, we gotta talk about some of that for a second before we like go to something totally different. Like this whole first off, he just lies all the time.


Like every, literally everything in his mouth is a lie. And I think that in and of itself is disqualifying, of course. But like this whole concept of like, they gave her the questions they told, they gave her the questions, knew all the question, the questions weren't, these weren't rocket science questions, okay? This was Like, what will you do about the economy? What's your plan for abortion? What's your plan for Ukraine? These are the questions that quite literally anyone could expect. And guess what the Trump people were doing the week before the debate? They were making fun of Kamala Harris for preparing for the debate. That's all they were. Oh, Trump doesn't have to prepare. He doesn't have to prepare.


He just goes up there, he does his thing. That's what Donald Trump does. He just shoots from the hip. It's gonna be great. It's gonna be great. Kamala Harris diligently prepared for the debate. She knew what she wanted to say at this debate. She answered the questions effectively, coherently. She had policy plans that she put in her answer. She had detail. And Donald Trump was ranting and raving about the last thing he heard in his ear, which were the, these conspiracy theories by Laura Loomer. But he can never just admit he had a bad night, right? He can never just admit, oh yeah, then I could have done better. He's got to continuously push this strong man, a weak man.


But in this case, now he just looks weaker and weaker and weaker when he tries to push us, especially when it's something this apparent. And Ben, you mentioned something that was pernicious before. I wanna mention just something that was pernicious here, and that's Donald Trump's lies here about the Haitian community in Ohio and throughout the country. I think I, I don't use this term lightly, but this is truly evil stuff that we're seeing with Donald Trump, with JD Vance. And we're gonna discuss JD Vance in a little bit on this show. But to put these hardworking, legal Haitian immigrants, who by the way, were invited to these towns in Ohio and in nowhere near the numbers, by the way, like JD Vance and Trump throughout 30,000, whatever, it's like a few thousand.


It's, it's nowhere near the numbers. Yeah. For them to be demonizing this community who were begged to come by, the community begged to come because this was a failing town. There were people who were hooked on opioids, hooked on all sorts of drugs. They were not taking the jobs that they needed. The town was failing. Like they literally could not man the factories. They could not get farmers, they could not do any work in this town. And these Haitian immigrants came in to pursue the American dream, and they took these jobs and revitalized the community. They are quite literally, the only reason why this community's even standing today is because of them.


And now I see all these videos of local people in the community who have to live in fear, whose kids are being targeted, whose homes are being targeted because of all this stuff. And then they like to cite, well, my constituents tell me this, my, that's, you know, probably mostly a lie by the way. But also what these people are doing is they're repeating the rumors, the hoaxes, the lies that are being spread by Donald Trump. And they are regurgitating it back on Facebook boards because there have been zero cases of any of these things detected. We'll, we'll, we'll go more into this in the past, but I just, I just think it's so evil. These lies. Like, it's not even just about, oh, he's lying about a policy, or he is lying, or he is exaggerated this, he's putting people's lives at risk with this stuff.


And JD Vance is doing it also. And it's the lowest of the low. And we will get into this in a bit more. But I just wanted to say JD Vance is a senator from the state Ohio, and he's causing terroristic threats against his own state and his own constituents and is harming cities in his state with lies. I mean as a leader, you're supposed to say, look, that's not true. If you want to make your argument on immigration, the Republican argument on immigration, or the Trump argument on immigration, what your argument should be is something like this.


We killed a bipartisan immigration bill, which had everything that Republicans ever wanted, that was led by James Langford. And James Langford is a conservative Republican senator from Oklahoma. We killed that bill at MAGA because here is our plan that we think is better than the plan that we've always said that we wanted, that President Biden agreed to implement as part of a broader compromise that we then killed. Here's our plan one to, they don't do that. Instead they go, they're eating the cats, they're eating the dogs.


And again, when I talk about their perniciousness, the problem is, this is no longer in the realm of a political discussion on policies, right? Because if the discussion was policy-based and driven, and not like just how, why just be racist and ha horrible, it would be along the lines of what I said, here's our plans, here's our proposals. But you all remember what Donald Trump said at the debate when he was asked, okay, you want to rip away the Affordable Care Act from the American people where preexisting conditions are now covered where tens of millions of Americans, and I know you watching at home, you listening, you may have died, but for the Affordable Care Act, Trump wants to rip it away.


And he admits he wants to rip it away. He tried multiple times while in office to rip it away. So it's a fair game question to say, okay, you want to take away something that's keeping people alive? What's your plan? Do you have a plan? Well, I have concepts of a plan. I have concepts you were promising a bigger, better plan since 2015. And here's the thing, you go down every single issue with this guy and he's a fraud. He has concepts of a fraud, not even concepts of a plan. You even take the one thing, you know, 'cause he's, he's not intelligent.


So he knows drill baby, drill drill, baby drill. Well, there's more drilling now. Those are the facts. There's more drilling under Biden and Kamala Harris than there was under Donald Trump, America's Energy Independent. Now for the first time, it wasn't energy independent under Donald. Trump America leads the world in oil production and sales right Now, those are the actual facts. You, you go to another one. No Tax on Tips. Trump likes that because you know, number one, he could remember it. And two, he can appeal to people with yet another lie. But you go back and you say, well, what did Donald Trump actually do when he was in office? Trump's plan, the plan that he had or the concepts of a plan that he had in office that Democrats blocked was no tips.


Well, I guess you can't be taxed on tips if there are no tips. So there may be that. But Trump's plan, while he was in office, was to allow bosses to own the tips of the service workers. Trump tried to push that through and Democrats blocked it. Democrats saved the tips for workers. And now Trump goes there and then lies about it. It's why we need to be fact-based in all of these conversations. And what I like about Governor Walls and Vice President Kamala Harris, is they called Trump out for it. And then they set out their plans. Here's the clip, for example, where Governor Walls says, we all deal with it.


Friends, neighbors, family who claim we hate Trump, but we, but he does have some policies. And I love Governor Walls. Confronting goes, what's his policy here? Play this clip from Governor Wall's speech in Wisconsin. This Is important. This is important, and you all know it because look, we all deal with it. Friends, neighbors, family. Oh, I like Donald Trump. You know, I don't really like how he swears and gets convicted of felonies and found liable for assaulting women. I, I don't really like that. Good, I'm glad you don't like that. But then they always go, I like his proposals. Which one? Taking your healthcare, forcing women to bleed out in parking lots.


'cause they can't get healthcare tax cuts for billionaires. And I say this, if you're a billionaire and that's all you care about, he may be your guy. But if you're a working class person, a middle class person, a community member, I can't find much there. And the thing is, you don't have to look very far. He's not giving you much detail except it's really great. They made it easy for us. They printed 900 plus pages in project 2025. I love that he confronts that head on right there. I wanna show, show more clips of Governor Walls and vice President Kamala Harris. I also wanna To get into the fact that Donald Trump's spent the weekend in a temper tantrum posting. I hate Taylor Swift.


Let mean, just think about the guys out there calling Vice President Kamala Harris. Kamala in speeches saying that she's not black. And then saying that she puts out is what he said in the debate also and saying, I hate Taylor Swift and we're supposed to normalize this crap. Uhuh not gonna happen here on the Midas Touch Network at all. Do me a favor, hit subscribe. I want To. get to 4 million subscribers. Become a member of our Patreon as well. P-A-T-R-E-O n.com/midas Touch. And we'll be right back after our first quick break.


I have to tell you about this game changing product I used before, A night out with drinks. It's called Pre-Cool. Let's face it. After a night of drinks, I don't bounce back the next day like I used to. I used to feel like I had to make AdChoices. I could either have a great night or a great next day, but now I don't have to choose thanks to pre-Cool ZBiotics. Pre-Cool probiotic drink is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic. It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle a rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's actually this byproduct, not dehydration. That's the blame for your next rough day. Pre-Cool produces an enzyme that breaks this byproduct down. Just remember to make ZBiotics your first drink of the night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel your best tomorrow. Every time I pre-cool before drinks, I notice a difference. The next day, even after a night out, I could confidently plan on getting up early for a workout or handling a busy work day. Without worry, I won't lie. I was a bit on the fence about pre-cool at first, but then while hanging out with some friends at a rooftop bar, I gave it a shot. I had my first pre-cool before my go-to Margarita. And the next morning I felt amazing. Just like my normal self ready to take on the day. I kept hearing about pre-cool and wondered what it was actually like. Now that I've tried it, I believe the hype. And with their GMO technology, ZBiotics is working on more products to address other toxic byproducts of modern living in the gut. Go to ZBiotics dot com slash Midas to learn more and get 15% off your first order when you use the code Midas at checkout. That's M-E-I-D-A-S. ZBiotics is backed by a 100% money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to ZBiotics dot com slash midas and use that code Midas, M-E-I-D-A-S at checkout for 15% off.


So what does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you're gonna get 10 different answers. A bull market, a bear market rates will rise or fall. Can someone please invent a crystal ball for me, please? Until then, over 38,000 businesses, including the Midas, Touch, Network, have future proof their business with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management inventory, and HR into one fluid platform with one unified business management suite. There's one source of truth giving you the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions with real time insights and forecasting. You're peering into the future with actionable data. When you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you're spending less time looking backwards and more time on what's next. I use this and you should too. Whether you company is earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. Speaking of opportunity, download the CFO's Guide to AI and machine learning at netsuite.com/midas. You're not gonna regret it, you gotta learn all about it. That's what we're doing here at Midas. The guide is free to you at netsuite.com/midas. Read it NetSuite N-E-T-S-U-I-T e.com/midas. That's netsuite.com/midas. Tell 'em we sent you and check out that CFO's guide to AI and machine learning as well. Thanks NetSuite for sponsoring.


Alright, are you ready for this fact? Traditional bedsheets can harbor more bacteria than a toilet seat. It can lead to acne, allergies and stuffy noses. It's just gross. Miracle Made however, offers a whole line of self-cleaning, antibacterial bedding, such as sheets, pillowcase, and comforters that prevent up to 99.7% of bacteria growth and require up to three times less laundry. It's why I use Miracle Made of my bedding using silver infused fabrics inspired by NASA Miracle. Made sheets are thermo regulating and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long, no matter the weather. So you get a better sleep every single night. That's why I love Miracle Sheets. Miracle Sheets are luxuriously comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands and feel as nice, if not nicer than sheets used by some five star hotels. So go to try miracle.com/midas, try miracle.com/midas and try Miracle Made sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save up to 40%. And if you use our promo code Midas at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% miracle is so confident in their product, it's backed by a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/midas and use the code Midas to claim your free three piece towel set and save over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/midas to treat yourself Thank you Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode.


There you go. Support those sponsors. The discount codes are in the description below and I'm also proud to announce our work with that organization leaving MAGA Rich Loges who spoke at the Democratic National Convention. He is gonna be doing some videos where he's sharing stories of people who have left MAGA and people who have left MAGA fairly recently. How you can talk to your MAGA relatives. Because ultimately for me, what this is all about, the Midas Touch Network, this pro-democracy community is about a love for our country.


It's about pro-democracy, but it's also about pron normalcy, Brett. And you know, I think it's so hard for people, and this is what Rich Lowe just told me in the video that we released today, one of the hardest parts for him leaving and other people who he talked to is they're so invested in the community. And that once they're so invested in a community to leave, it is a very difficult thing to happen when your whole mind is wired and your friends and everything you have is this community. So one of the things I hope we offer here at the Midas Touch Network is this unapologetically pro-democracy community filled with compassion and love of our country where we welcome you here.


Even if you, if you are Maga and you decide to leave today, I will welcome you here gladly. To the Midas Touch Network and to our pro democracy community, I recognize that there are billions of dollars being spent. Yeah. Tried to target them. So I just wanted to say that at the outset, Brent and, and Jordy just had to run for a second. Hopefully he will be back soon. If not, you'll see him on the next show. Don't, don't blame me and Ben. 'cause I know that people get mad when Jordy's not here. But you know, here is the thing going off what Ben was just saying. It's not only that it's difficult to leave MAGA because you have this built-in community, which is a huge thing. But one of the things that we noticed as well is that people who leave MAGA are often targeted by those who are in that MAGA cult, so to speak.


It's very much like a, you know, like a Scientology almost in a way where they deem you a suppressive person that's like their language for anyone who speaks out against Scientology and they use all their resources to go after you. They ghost you. They don't talk to you. But Ma mag is almost bigger because they actually like target you. They, they, they find you. They wanna make your life hell. And I know Ben and I and Jordy have seen this happen to a lot of people, a lot of people who have renounced Donald Trump who were Trump voters in 2016, who were Trump voters in 2020, who said at some points, different moments for everybody, they said, enough is enough. I'm going to vote for first. You know, I'm not going to vote for Trump.


And then ultimately a lot of these people turned into Kamala Harris voters, they've made that announcement public. And you see the immediate backlash and the hate and the vitriol that they receive from those in maga. And so that's something, you know, I think that's, you know, worth being aware of. And so when I see these attacks every day, these relentless attacks by Trump, by MAGA on people like Taylor Swift on just anybody who kind of supports Vice President Harris, right? Or renounces Donald Trump. They're not only doing that to try to threaten Taylor Swift, which I think is horrible in and of itself. Of course Taylor Swift, some of her concerts have been targets of terrorists threats.


She has had to deal with numerous stalkers over the years and a ton of horrible stuff. And Donald Trump is stoking that I mean, it's, it's, it's what he's doing. But in addition to stoking those threats on somebody like a Taylor Swift, it's also a warning shot to other people, to other celebrities, to anyone else of influence. And going down to even just people, you know, like you and me just re regular voters, right? It's a sign where you speak out against me. I will unleash the full weight of maga, hate the MAGA arsenal against you. That's what I'm going to do and wanna, wanna bet I'm gonna do it. If I could do it to Taylor Swift, the most famous, the richest, one of the richest celebrities superstar out there, I could do it to you too.


So you better think twice up and coming artist about speaking out. You better think twice actor about speaking out. You better think twice Average American voter about speaking out against me because I am coming for you next. That's this whole strategy. It's a classic tried and true kind of authoritarian strategy of not letting you know people, of forcing people to kind of bend the knee and lashing out at them when they don't. But it's been kind of revitalized for the internet age in such a damaging way because you could get hoards of people to attack somebody at one time using your influence. And when you have that influence, when you have that level of reach like a Donald Trump and those dedicated followers, if you turn them against people, it's like the most evil thing that you could possibly do right Now.


Could you imagine if Vice President Kamala Harris or Governor Walls or President Biden used their social media and said, I hate fill in the blank of an American no matter who it is, right? Like, I hate so-and-So could you imagine that Brett, I hate Kid Rock. I hate whoever I mean. I would view that as something incredibly disqualifying if someone were to express that level of hate towards an American. Not, I hate Vladimir Putin. I hate poverty, right? I hate the fact that there's economic inequality. Yeah. Right? Things. Donald Trump hates things.


Donald Trump loves Putin. Kim Jong-un things. Donald Trump hates American Generals. Taylor Swift. It, it's just like, it's such a not fascinating, but it, it just speaks volumes when you just look at those simple statements. The leader of the Republican party made a social media post, the person running for the presidency I hate. And then it's America's biggest pop star and perhaps the world's biggest pop star I mean. And then the Donald Trump News and all of MAGA was pushing this photo and this lie about Taylor Swift. Taylor Swift lost an estimated $150 million over the boycotting of her merchandise and memorabilia after she endorsed Kamala Harris for President Thoughts.


And then this gets spread on Twitter now X and it's just a lie. None of this happened. There's no boycott. She didn't lose any money at all. Just a hundred percent false. And the photo that they're using here that MAGA iss using to spread this lie is from after Taylor Swift debuted this song, Ronan, a charity single written by Swift for a mother who lost her 4-year-old to cancer in 2011. And they're using that photo to act like look at what Donald Trump did to her right there. In any event, let me go back to these Governor Walls clips. 'cause I wanna show you what Governor Walls he or Governor Walls said, you wanna take my advice, by the way, this is great advice that I take from Governor Walls, surround yourself with smart women.


Let's play this clip. Play Two incredible senators who happen to be women. Jen Schultz, who's gonna make a wonderful member of Congress. Gwen Walls, these three, here's my, here's my life hack for all of you, all the guys out there, whatever. Here's my life hack. Surround yourself with smart women and listen to 'em and you'll do just fine. You'll Do just fine. That includes my fellow cat owner, Taylor Swift too, by the way.


It's really great to have all of these women help us beat the smallest man in the world, Donald Trump. And here Governor Walls talks about how Donald Trump just spent his entire time whining and crying. Here, play this clip. One thing I want to be clear about is coming back to no one should have been surprised by how she performed on that debate stage. From her time as a prosecutor to her time as a county attorney, to her time as the attorney general of the largest state in the nation to her time as a United States Senator, to her time as our vice president every day, every single day, putting the American people first, she took on the predators, she took on the fraudsters, she took down career criminals and powerful corporate interests, which by the way was on the stage the other night.


All those things. So, so this time just to be clear, that criminal being on the stage got put in his place. All those things were wrapped up into one guy. And I think many of you recognized she used a wonderful line. He's not dealing with that very well. He's not dealing with that very well. But here's what she did simultaneously, and this is what true leadership looks like. And she says this time and time again, and I love it, a mark of true leadership is not who beats people down. It's who lifts people up, who lifts them up. So, so when it's a bully and there's a time she proved she can beat some people down if they need it, which he needed it.


That was so good. And here, vice President Kamala Harris speaking at the Phoenix Awards, here's what she had to say about Donald Trump's healthcare concepts. Play this clue. We actually have a plan for healthcare, not just concepts of a plan. And all of you know, we're very data driven here at the Minus Touch Network. And it's why I don't structure these shows with kind of the split screen yelling at each other. I don't like yelling, don don't really like yelling. I I I, I like talking and presenting data and trying to have calm conversations to the best of our ability about the issues.


And so when we talk about things like healthcare, I mean, we should talk about how President Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris lowered the cost of prescription drug prices. How they've allowed the government to negotiate on behalf of Medicare beneficiaries, who as a result have and will be receiving cheaper prescription drug prices. How they push down significantly the price of insulin, how they've capped the cost of prescription drugs for Medicare recipients. And they've been trying to do that for everybody who's impacted by the Affordable Care Act and all Americans, generally it's the Republicans who keep on blocking it.


And you know, there was that moment that Vice President Kamala Harris talked about in the debate with the late, actually late great Senator John McCain, who, but for him the Affordable Care Act would've been repealed. Donald Trump would've repealed it on the basis of concepts. And could you imagine if that was also repealed in addition to when Covid was taking place as well. And then, you know, Donald Trump's the only person who, you know, gets who, who gets viewed as like, well we, we'll give him a mulligan on COV. Yeah, we'll take these stats, but then we'll give him the good stats on Covid. We won't talk that there was a mass casualty event taking place, but we'll say gas prices were down during Covid when there was a mass casualty event and people weren't driving and there were Trump lockdowns at this time period.


But we'll, we'll, we'll give him those good numbers. But then we also, anytime there's bad numbers like the record deficit, we'll just say that's the result of covid and, and, and that that privilege, if you will, is on display as well. Again, it's so exemplified in the debate where you have, again, the Republicans who are now full maga, you really can't call 'em Republicans 'cause classic Republicans support Democrats now and are pro-democracy and support Vice President Kamala Harris. But you've got the entrenched MAGA who's like, yeah, that was good. Trump crushed it in the debate. How good did he do there? Oh, also they ganged up on him three on one such partisan hacks that was so unfair that they would treat Donald Trump this way.


When you look at the data, vice President Kamala Harris was never given even one opportunity to have the closing word on any question. Did you notice that Donald Trump had the closing word on every question? He got the benefit of him getting his mic turned on, which didn't help him, but at every question, and then he goes and he complains that it's rigged and it's unfair and it's cheating. And then he cites a Twitter poll that has the kind of Vladimir Putin numbers. I won 92% to 8% by everybody. And it's like, I, it's Like what Governor Wall said. Just enough of this, enough of the whining and the crying.


And now he blames the a BC debate in a post for this purported assassination attempt at the Florida Golf Club. Like that was his post. And now all the nagas are saying, yeah, because of the debate and because people are calling Donald Trump out for the things he's saying. That's what's caused it. So you can't even say anything negative about him anymore that you can't actually even use his words anymore. And there's just been this concerted effort all day. Brett, on on that point, I want you to talk about it Brett, but we're, we are hitting to that point where we gotta take our last ad break. I want you to chat about it. Let's take our last quick break and then you break it down for us taking the break first break first.


Alright, break first.


We do a lot every day and typically at night I need something to wind down, but I'm sick of all the calories, nasty hangovers, bloating, and other negative health implications that can, can come with having a glass of wine before bed. That's why I'm obsessed with soul's New out of office THC gummies Perfectly. Microdosed To get you Blist, not blitzed. This podcast is sponsored by Soul Soul's New out of office gummies are perfectly microdosed with hemp derived THC and CBD to give any day that chilling on the beach vibe. I can't believe I didn't know you could buy THC products online like this. Did you know you can now buy hemp derived THC products in all 50 states. The out of office gummies help you get that much needed me time at the end of the day or during the day. They're convenient and delicious. Out of office gummies give you that warm, fuzzy, euphoric microdosed feeling without sending you to the moon. You could go for a jog, watch your favorite TV show, or head out to a party, whatever floats your boat. Souls out of office gummies have given me the perfect way to chill and maintain my sanity while trying to stay on top of my game and keep my anxious thoughts at Bay. Soul was founded five years ago by brother and sister Duo Mike and Angie Lee. Mike is a former world ranked professional boxer and Angie is an author and professional speaker who had the desire to create natural alternatives to medication that tackle problems they deal with themselves, like sleeplessness, anxiety, focus, and pain. And that's not all souls got. Whether you're looking for a sleep aid enhanced focus or pain relief. So has all your wellness needs covered. And SOL's products are grown right here in the USA organically farmed and gluten-free. So give Sol a try at To get soul.com and use code Midas for 30% off your order. That's 30% off your order using code Midas M-E-I-D-A-S one last time. That's get soul.com and code Midas for 30% off.


So when we started the Midas Touch Network, an online store was the furthest thing from my mind. Now we're able to bring you the best pro democracy merchandise and it's so easy and it's all because I use Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did. We just hit a million orders stage, Shopify's there to help you grow the same way it helped us grow at the Midas Touch Network. Whether you're selling scented soap sounds good or offering outdoor outfits, Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-commerce platform to their in-person, POS system, wherever and whatever you're selling, Shopify's got you covered. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. With the Internet's best converting check out 36% better on average compared to the other leading commerce platforms and sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI power at All Star. We use Shopify at store dot midas touch.com and I know you know how seamless that is and it's completely revolutionized everything we do. It allows us to easily manage our shop view analytics, provide the best customer service, and streamline our entire online shopping experience from A to Z. We wouldn't be able to bring you all the products you know and love without Shopify, and we can't speak highly enough about Shopify. Shopify powers, 10% of all e-commerce in the US and Shopify's the global force behind Allbirds, Rothes and Brooklyn and millions of other entrepreneurs like Midas Touch of every size across 175 countries. Plus Shopify's Award-winning help is there to support your success every step of the way because businesses that grow grow with Shopify. So Sign up for a one dollar per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash midas, all lowercase, go to Shopify, S-H-O-P-Y. So go to Shopify dot com slash midas now to grow your business no matter what stage you're in. Shopify dot com slash Midas.


Hey everybody, John Stewart here. I am here to tell you about my new podcast, the Weekly Show. It's gonna be coming out every Thursday, so exciting. You'll, you'll be saying to yourself TGID, thank God it's Thursday. We're gonna be talking about all the things that hopefully obsess you in the same way that they obsess me. The election economics earnings calls, what are they talking about on these earnings calls? We're gonna be talking about ingredient to bread ratio on sandwiches. And I know that I listed that fourth, but in importance, it's probably second. I know you have a lot of options as far as podcasts go, but how many of them come out on Thursday? I mean, talk about innovative. Listen to the Weekly show with John Stewart, wherever you get your podcast.


Big shout out to all those sponsors. The discount codes r and the description Jordy spends a lot of time not just working with the sponsors, but testing the products and vetting them. And you know, we usually get such great feedback on all the products and services that sell and they help our pro-democracy network here. So Brett, where we left off, I was talking about Donald Trump's kind of latest posts here, blaming now the Democrats and the debate and all of Mags kind of jumped along with this as well, saying the debate and Democrats rhetoric. That's why what a, a Nikki Hellier and Vivek Ramis Swami supporter was at Donald Trump's Florida golf club.


Like someone who voted for Trump in 2016, who's been spreading Covid disinformation, this guy, and who's been posting Tulsi Gabber, Nikki Haley stuff is, is not, this is not like a democratic person or a leftist person. It seems like a mentally ill person. And now we're also learning as well from various reports that the Secret Service had warned Donald Trump that this golf course is right next to, you know, public highways and public roads and that it's dangerous and you shouldn't be there. And now all of MAGA is saying you can't ever like, because criticizing Donald Trump, that's what's causing it. Brett, break it down.


Yeah, it's, you know, it's, it's pretty transparent what they're doing. And when you look at, for example, the, the shooters, or he didn't, he didn't take a shot. When you look at the guy who had the gun near Mar-a-Lago who was arrested over the weekend, it, his, all of his social media feeds read like a, a deranged lunatic. Like, like someone who's severely like a mentally ill person. His politics are all over the map. He says he voted for Trump in 2016. He appears to be, you know, a fan of Vivek Ram Swami and Nikki Haley, and he has a lot of posts about Ukraine and it's just covid conspiracies and it's, it's just a whole lot of stuff. But, you know, I think ultimately they want to, the Trumpers, they want to silence dissent over any little over anything that happens.


So when this incident happens over the weekend, what do they do now? Any criticism that is levied against Donald Trump, they say, you can't say that. They say, oh, you can't call, you can't say Donald. Trump wants to be a dictator on day one. Why? Those are his words. Of course we could say that. You can't say Donald Trump's a threat to democracy. You're inciting violence. No I mean yes, you can, you can absolutely say Donald Trump is a threat to democracy. He tried to end it last time, he didn't leave office and he will try to do it again if he is in office. These are just facts. And if you don't want us to state the facts that he should not be engaging in that sort of rhetoric and that sort of behavior. Keep in mind also, there have been such inflammatory posts from Republicans nonstop.


We saw Donald Trump's post, even AF after this incident over the weekend was really fanning the flames of violence. We saw the libertarian party of, I think New Hampshire yesterday do a such a horrific post about Kamala Harris that, I'm not even going to mention what they said here, but it was along these lines. Every day you have these threats from MAGA and you have these terminally online people who just douse themselves in complete and utter bullshit to say a word that are just lies and lies and lies. And it's either they believe these lies and they feel the need to spread them or they are willfully spreading these lies to try to influence the election.


I mean, hey, I was going through, this is not even all of them, but these are just some of the lies Ben that I saw over the weekend as I was scrolling through the wonderful world of Elon Musk's ex, which is a complete and total cesspool of information where facts are drowned out and where conspiracy theories and lies are elevated by the owner of the website. So here's an example and we, we showed you, you know, the Taylor Swift one where it used this image of her crying over a young child who died of cancer to say that she lost and estimated $150 million due to boycotting of her merchant memorabilia. Once again, that is a complete and utter lie, but that got millions and millions and millions of, of views on Twitter X whatever, whatever you wanna call it.


Once again, total lie, another total lie being spread. A BC news whistleblower swears under penalty of perjury that Kamala Harris dictated the terms of the questions. Eh lie Marjorie Taylor Greene, a member of Congress who has access to the most privileged, confidential intelligence information that exists in the entire world. Marjorie Taylor Greene says, oh that whistleblower, the a BC whistleblower who, who was speaking out against Kamala Harris, she died in a car accident. That's what reports say, died in a car accident. The whistleblower, there was no whistleblower, there was no car accident. Once again, this is something that is completely made up by Marjorie Taylor Greene.


I think what, what a lot of these people are doing also now on the right, and this is something for you to LA look out to, they will create like a, a blog on WordPress, like on free software, whatever. They will create fake news websites and then post a report. They will write up a fake story, make up a lie, they will screenshot that report and then post it to Twitter and then Marjorie Taylor Greene reads it and either willfully or unwillingly then goes and spreads this BS. And I'll just say, either way, that's a problem. Either way it's problematic if you're Marjorie Taylor Greene, a member of Congress, if you're JD Vance, a US senator who's running for vice president or Donald Trump who can't distinguish between something that's a real story and something that is somebody who's making something up on the internet or a Facebook post, which is how all a lot of these things are being spread as well.


I could keep going through the lies. I mean they made up this fake story in the Atlantic. They put a, they've wrote a head, a fake photoshopped headline, why migrant seed cats might be a good thing in this account. Verified account on Twitter goes right on cue. That one was actually fact-check on Twitter. Another one, new leaks indicate Lindsay Davis and David Muir were each paid a million dollars for the Kamala campaign for moderating the debate. Once again, total lie act like just to completely made up stuff, but this is their strategy. Yep. Flood the zone with lies. And what you're gonna do, and this is Elon Musk's plan, which is why he's, you know, important to talk about also flood the zone with lies and then try To, get those lies seen by enough people who aren't as in tune with the news, who aren't as in tune with everything that's going on.


Push it to them and push notifications because I've seen this happen on my phone. Send it out as if there are news stories and basically try to trick enough of the voting public who is on the fence, that these story, that these lies are real. We see it over and over and over again. And like I said earlier, this is so pernicious and it's also often designed in order to silence the person they're targeting and to silence other people as well. And this is their strategy. So like expect I mean we got 50 days now to the election from the day we're recording this. Expect the lies every day to increase, expect in October, expect right near the election, expect them to continuously be amplifying just garbage and bs.


And so if you come across anything, quite frankly that seems, eh, I don't know about that. That seems a little, it seems a little off. You know, you're probably right because these apps, especially this Twitter X thing that's going on, they are designed to spread lies. They are designed to pollute the information ecosystem with garbage I mean that's what's happening. You know, that's why the debate was so devastating though for Donald Trump, right? It was, you know, some small commercial breaks. But other than that, the American people got to see the Donald Trump. That's Donald Trump. Eating dogs, eating cats.


You know, unhinged can't put concepts together. But notice what happened right after the media then tried to both sides. This thing CNN has on it's Trump. People who say that he did great, then they have on, you know, it's people who they call the liberals who say he did horrible. They yell at each other. And that's like C-N-N-M-S-N-B-C style, right? Fox is saying th that was Trump being Trump. He was great. They criticized vice President Kamala Harris in all different types of ways. They said, oh, she looked like a mean girl. Or, oh, she was kind of arrogant with her facial gestures or, oh, she was too scripted to, oh it was rigged.


It was three on one. It was unfair to Donald Trump. Look at the press going after Donald Trump versus just saying what happened? Donald Trump got his ass kicked. 'cause he's an idiot. He doesn't know what he's doing, he doesn't have good policies. He's unhinged, he's a dangerous person. He doesn't even know what the hell he's doing. He can't even form sentences yet. Alone I mean to Governor Wallace's point, what policy? The guy doesn't even speak in sentences. It's why it was so important when we cover his events and rallies. As much as I don't like to show Trump, I, you know, I don't like showing those videos, but I know it's vital that we look at it and not sane wash it. That's what the media does.


It's called Sane Washing where they try to make this look like it's normal. And now that we're seeing all of these polls come out, post the debate, which show Vice President Kamala Harris pulling ahead, the corporate media needs to do something. I'll show you what they're doing in a second. And it's not data driven. But you take a look at the A BC Ipsos poll as Vice President Kamala Harris up six with likely voters, the morning consult poll has her up five, another Ipsos poll has her up five and all these polls somewhere between four and five. And Vice President Kamala Harris getting more than 50% of support in these various polls as well.


When you dig deeper into the Ipsos poll at her favorability rating, she's got 47% favorability rating, which has a net plus 3%. On the other hand, Donald Trump's unfavorability rating is 58% a net negative 23% unfavorable unfavorability. You look at Iowa right here, and it used to be Donald Trump up 18 and now in Iowa, vice President Kamala Harris, only trails by four. You take a look at the Financial Times polling on just some basic data, who's better for the middle class? Small business union workers, blue collar workers, vice president Kamala Harris, leading by seven to 13 points in these various categories when it comes to large corporations and wealthy people.


Donald Trump there up 48% as someone who will be helping the wealthy people out. And you know, one of the things we're seeing as well now is Vice President Kamala Harris expanding the electoral map and Dems expanding the electoral map. Now, there's a number of congressional districts that were not in play are now in play in Michigan, in Iowa, across the country right now. And Democrats are actually investing in these areas. Vice President Kamala Harris and Governor Walls are also focused on helping, helping down ballot Democrats as well. Whereas the Magar Republicans are just giving everything to Donald Trump.


And so there's momentum there. So let's take a look. What's the corporate media doing now? To me, again, I've called CNN out for media malpractice numerous times. And this is just another example of it. It's Like. what the hell are you doing? CN Like, you should be better than this. On the one hand, we're the beneficiary of them being terrible because then we get their viewers. But I also wanna encourage them, stop doing crap like this. Stop having people who you call undecided voters who are not really undecided voters. Stop that crap. Just stop it. You know? And they've, they've changed their protocols, I've noticed since our reports. But why in the world is CNN reporting not on actual meaningful, statistically significant data like voter registration and early vote analysis, but they're focused on random betting markets.


They're focused on random betting odds as Tom Bonier, who we've had on the show, who runs a data analysis organization that focuses purely on the data, the actual information, who's registered, where are there spikes in registration in terms of mail-in votes? He'll start analyzing, where are these votes coming from? And we can micro-target and know CNN. This is what Tom Bonier goes, no, no, no, CNN. We cannot be determining probabilities of electoral scenarios based on betting odds. No. 'cause CNN is showing the betting markets now. And why are they showing the betting markets?


Because if they're showing you the polls, the polls are showing Vice President Kamala Harris pulling ahead. Now, polls don't vote. And also it should be noted. And if you go back to the interview I did recently last week with Tom Bonier and Simon Rosenberg, one of the pieces of data I pointed out that all of the corporate media ignores is, you know, those 5 38 averages that everybody talks about in the most recent primaries in states like Michigan, Donald Trump underperformed the 5 38 aggregate polling in, in Michigan by 15 points. That's not like two points, three points. The 5 38 average overinflated would've thought Trump was gonna do by 15.


And then in mostly every other state other than North Carolina, this is like six months ago, like this is like 60 years ago. Like it just happened and nobody talks about it. And remember what the corporate media wanted? They camped out in certain areas in Michigan and in Pennsylvania 'cause they were positive that people were going to turn against Biden in those primaries, remember? And then when people didn't, and, and the data was not there, but the data was against Trump, they just dropped it. And no one talks about Trump underperforming. So what we do here on the Midas Touch Network is we're very data focused on the actual information, early voter registrar, voter registration, early voting.


And that's what Tom Bonier does. But that's not what CNN is doing here. So I just wanted to flag that as well for everybody. And I wanted to show this as well. The acting Secret Service Director recently held a press conference about what went down in Florida. I just want you to all have the latest information on it. Can we play this clip? A secret service advance agent supporting the front edge of the agency's layered approach to protection, encountered an individual attempting to secrete himself in the wood line. This happened, the alleged gunman was on the public side of the fence near the sixth green. A layered approach of security is integral to the secret services protective methodologies.


And it's also the key to our success. As former President Trump was moving through the fifth fairway across the course and out of sight of the sixth Green, the agent who was visually sweeping the area of the sixth green saw the subject armed with what he perceived to be a rifle and immediately discharged his firearm. The subject who did not have line of sight to the former president fled the scene. He did not fire or get off any shots at our agent. You heard that did not have a line of sight. I think that is important as well. But look, at the end of the day, the gun laws in Florida basically allow anybody to have guns.


Pretty much Donald Trump brags that the NRA, you know, to the NRA that he did nothing when it comes to guns and won't do anything for common sense gun control. And then Donald Trump was warned by the Secret Service about this golf club and about numerous ways that he behaves. And Donald Trump refuses to do what any other candidate would do, which is to conform their behavior to the best practices and then to compound matters. Then Donald, Trump and maga blame the Democrats for it and blame leftists for it who have nothing to do with it at all. And I wanna show this, Brett, I wanna show what JD Vance, what he said though.


'cause while I'm critical of CNN and I'm often critical of Dana Bash, when she does a good interview and, and does things, I think that I should give credit where credit is due there. I thought her interview with JD Vance, you know, was pretty good this weekend. So let's just show these clips of JD Vance. You can think by, by, by the way, Ben, I just, I just pulled this up and I just, before we go into Vance, I think it's worth showing this. One of Trump's first actions, by the way, when he became president, was to end the rule to block mentally ill people from getting guns. I just think that's a, an an important frame of reference as as well here. And you know, the, the sick truth about it Ben is that if any incident happened like this at a school, and if it was way worse if kids got gunned down, if kids were shot, you know what these Republicans would be doing today instead of blaming the Democrats or they'd probably be doing that too.


That's what they do also, even when it's, you know, these Republican shooters and stuff. But they would be wearing ar 15 pins to Congress. They would be celebrating the gun. That's what they would be doing, man, how do I know? Because that's what they'd do after past school shootings. We have pictures of it. They go, they wear AR 15, oh sorry, this time I guess it'd be an AK 47 pin. 'cause that's apparently what the shooter had on 'em. But that's the level of, of seriousness that these people take the gun issue. That when there is a horrific tragedy against children in schools, they celebrate the gun and they wear ar 15 flag pins to Congress. It is just the absolutely most despicable thing.


And speaking of despicable thing, Ben, JD Vance. And what, what did you wanna play from JD Vance here? Because Ben, there's so much, it is like, this was honestly probably like the worst, one of the worst interviews I've ever seen on live television. I don't quite understand why they're sending you out. I kind of am starting to come around to your theory like, are they hazing? This guy Like? what is going on here? This guy's horrible, I'll play you at the moment where Dana Bash fact checks JD Vance here and he didn't even know what to say. You're not just a bystander, you're the senator from Ohio. So instead of saying things that are, are wrong and actually causing the hospitals, the schools, the government buildings to be evacuated because of bomb threats, because of the cats and dogs thing, why not actually be constructive in helping to better integrate them into the community?


Because there are a lot of employers there who say that the Haitian workers are helping fill jobs that they need desperately filled. Dana, first of all, let me just respond to, to a couple things that you said. But I wanna start with something that you said, which I think is frankly disgusting and is more appropriate for a democratic propagandist than it is for an American journalist. There is nothing that I have said that has led to threats against these hospitals. These hospitals, the bomb threats and so forth. It's disgusting. The violence is disgusting. We condemn it, we condemn all violence, violence. Senator, This happened after you and President Trump were the, were on the Debate stage, Said that Dana cats And dogs were, Were being, you asked a question, Dana, and I'm gonna go ahead and answer it.


What, after That they were Threatened. What? We have Said's just like, literally like he, he, he immediately goes to attack her personally. And I've noticed he does this in like all interviews now. He goes, no, you are disgusting. You are disgusting. It's like a very Trumpian thing, but he can't quite pull it off. And he blames her for being, quote, disgusting. While he literally is the individual who is causing terror, let's not get it twisted. He's causing terror in his own state. These are his constituents and he is making them fear for their lives and causing all of these shooting threats, bomb threats. He's making these hospitals and, and schools get evacuating.


He's traumatizing a generation of kids with his lies. Like this is completely unacceptable behavior. And honestly, he looks like he's got nothing behind his eyes when you look at him like JD Vance, if you even go back to his, you know, 2016 comments when he was a never Trump guy. JD Vance back then spoke out against this exact sort of thing. There's a tweet from 2016 where JD Vance writes that Trump makes people I care about, like immigrants in my community feel unsafe. That's why I can't support him. And now JD Vance has come full circle and he is the individual who is making his own constituents feel unsafe based on a complete and utter lie that he continues to talk about. He continues to joke about, he continues to mock every single day.


And this was the moment, maybe the defining moment of JD Vance of this campaign. I don't know if we could even top this, but who knows JD Vance is that bad that we just might, but this is the moment in that interview where JD Vance let it slip and JD Vance admitted, oh, sometimes I have to create stories, To, get attention, watch The American media, totally ignored this stuff until Donald Trump and I start talking about cat memes if I have to. But it wasn't just a meme. Correct. Create stories so that the American media actually pays attention to the suffering of the American people. Then that's what I'm gonna do, Dana, because you guys are completely letting Kamala Harris coast, you had one interview With her and Brett, this is not political.


What I'm about to say though, it it's character I'm about to say. When I watch JD Vance, when I watch Donald Trump's behavior as people, as individuals, it's the behavior of a sociopath. It's the behavior of a malignant narcissist. We've done a lot of videos on that here, and the antis psychopath pack by George Conway does well, and other creators have focused on it as well. But like when I see j JD Vance, like you all know, you watching listening, and I could see you hypothetically nodding your head as you're listening to this and watching this, you know, to all of our audience out there, you, you all, we all know JD Vance is in our world.


And that behavior, sociopaths, liars, malignant narcissists and you know, with Trump and him, you know, it gets deeper than that. You know, predators, criminals, felons, you know, you go, go deeper. But that behavior is di is is denying reality. And for me, you know, as Governor Wall said, I don't want, and again, this is not Democrat v Republican because frankly, while I disagree with a ton of MIT Romney's policies, I really wouldn't be afraid to live in a country that's led by a MIT Romney. I, I, I wouldn't, you know, and you know, even if I vehemently disagree with some policies by, you know, maybe some policies by John McCain say, I, I wouldn't be afraid of, of a country with a, with a John McCain, a late great John McCain or I, I could name Republicans like that.


I could disagree on policy with Liz Cheney. I may disagree on policy on Adam Kininger. I could go down a list of, of like Republicans who I know have the moral character and leadership qualities to have our country's best interest at heart, even if we want to disagree on policies. But that behavior that you just saw there with JD Vance and earlier with Donald Trump are the behaviors of sociopaths, malignant narcissists, and also the worst qualities that we would never want our kids to behave like that. I hate Taylor Swift. I'm gonna call you Kama, blah blah Kama blah, that's your nickname, Kama, blah blah.


You like my nicknames? I come up with nicknames. I'm gonna take the Haitians who are here and I'm gonna send you to Venezuela. You know, it's everything. It's a deluge of all of it. But you know, we can chew and walk at the Stew Gum and walk at the same time. We can, we can talk about all of these things and call 'em out each and every day. And go, Trump's debate was a disaster. He's calling out, he's attacking Taylor Swift like a maniac. He hangs out around extreme right wing extremists who kill him. These things. His closest surrogate now is Laura Loomer. They've got project 2025, all of it.


They want to deluge us or deluge us with all that, we're gonna go bring it right back with the facts and the truth. This community together. I wanna leave with this Thank you all so much from the bottom of my heart on all of your best wishes. I'd be remiss if I didn't say I'm a little nervous. I'm also incredibly excited and I want to give a special shout out to my wife, Sochi. I love her with all of my heart. She's been incredibly powerful throughout all of this. And the level of courage that she and, and women across this country exhibit is something that I wish that I could reflect a fraction of that every, every day.


And you know, it's people like her and frankly, it's people like all of you who give us the courage and the strength and the energy to make this network. And so I hope that we do justice in our own small way with this show to help you and to help this country however, frankly we can. So I'm gonna be spending time with her. Brett and others are gonna be making a lot of videos. You'll be seeing more of them. I'll still be doing some videos from time to time, but I'll be back soon. But I'm obviously gonna be with Sochi with our, with our daughter. And, and we'll keep you posted.


I'll try To, get some photos as soon as, as soon as I can. But again, Thank you to everybody who's who's wished me well. And, and, and I just know that in your, I can't, I don't know all of you by, you know, I, I, I see your comments and for those who joined Patreon, I get to see many of your faces. But I'm sure there's so many viewers out there who don't post back or whatever, but who are big Midas mighty fans. And every day you are an example though of what makes our country so special. And while I can't call each and every one of you Thank you from the bottom of my heart, I just wanna leave you with that. So we'll keep you posted and now I'm gonna go to, with Sochi, we will, we'll, we'll we'll keep you, you gotta go get outta here.


What, what, what? Keep like, literally gotta, gotta run. I got my bag packed. I literally go, I'll, I'll talk to you all soon. Shout out to the Midas might.


It's Ken Harbaugh with the Midas Touch Network, the film Against All Enemies, which I co-produced with Ben Mycells. And this network has won awards around the world for its up close portrayal of America's insurrectionist movement. It premiers in the US on March 29th on Amazon and Apple tv. Go to against all enemies film.com or click the link below. But don't just watch against all enemies, tell your friends about it. It's one more way to hold accountable those who threaten our democracy. Thanks Midas mighty. Let's use our power. Well.