
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going. Cha ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite Podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top Podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free Podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free Podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads


As our economy worsens. Donald Trump yesterday was in the Oval Office talking about replacing our visa system, an immigration system with the Trump Gold card, and he says he's basically going to sell gold cards to immigrants to get visas and fast track their citizenship. And he says specifically, he's going to help. I'm not making this up. The Russian oligarchs become American citizens. Here, play this clip. Go down to another thing. Would A Russian oligarch be eligible for a gold card? Yeah, possibly. Hey, I know some Russian oligarchs that are very nice people. It's possible they're not quite as wealthy as they used to.


They're not as wealthy as they used to be. I think they can afford, I think they can afford $5 million. Yeah, from that same Oval Office appearance where he was flanked by RFK Jr. Donald Trump was also selling MAGA hats from the Oval Office. Take a look at RFK Junior's face also, while Trump was selling MAGA hats. Here, play this clip. Look. Yes. See that Trump was right about everything just came in. Somebody sent, I said this was sent in by a fan. I said, I think we should make some of them right? But we were pretty much, you want one?


I'll pass. Are you allowed to take one? Probably not. He'll consider it. I know him well. He's sort of a stiff Brian. You're not a stiff. He's sort of a stiff guy. He'll take other things, but not a free hand. Always say yes to the president. Always say yes to the president. Would anybody like one Mr. President? An easy Question. While all of this was going on too, or I should say right before that was going on, Donald Trump was in the Oval Office playing with toy airplanes and he was playing with it. While Elon was like, good job. And you can see Donald Trump holding the kind of toy plane, the statute, If you will. Then you can see Elon through the mirror right there.


That's there's some real issues about what's going on there as well. What the heck? At the same time, you had Donald Trump basically coercing and pressuring the MAGA holdouts to support the budget plan. The Trump GOP budget plan, which cuts basically $880 billion from Medicaid. So say goodbye to Medicaid. Under this program, it has about $4.5 trillion in tax cuts for the billionaires. It also cuts close to $300 billion to farmers, about $400 billion for education and tens of billions of dollars for infrastructure.


But don't worry, the billionaires are getting a massive tax cut. Ultimately, the budget blueprint passed after Donald Trump reached out to Magar Republicans like Congresswoman's, spars and others, and got them to change their votes to flip in favor of the plan, which will add about $19 trillion to the deficit over the next 10 years. Conservatively about $19 trillion. Remember what I said a few months back? I said, Trump's plan, they're saying that it'll add about 10 trillion. I was saying, nope. I think it'll be more like 30 to 50 trillion, which I still think I'm gonna be right. Here was the moment where the Mago Republicans were cheering the fact that they cut billions from hundreds of billions from healthcare and food assistance programs, but delivered $4.5 trillion in tax cuts to billionaires.


Here play this clip. As every member voted, it is it again, motion change their mind. Yesterday, Donald Trump also got a number of bad rulings from federal judges. That's why Donald Trump and Elon Musk are basically calling for these federal judges to now be impeached or to force them out. One of the rulings was Judge Ali in Washington dc who granted a motion to enforce the restraining order against U-S-A-I-D, against the spending freeze that the Trump administration ordered. Judge Ali ordered the Trump administration to pay quote all invoices and letter of credit drawdown requests for work done prior to February 15th.


By tonight at midnight, 36 hours to comply. Also, there was a separate scathing ruling from another federal judge extending her block of Trump administration's blanket spending freeze. While all of this is happening, Elon Musk is posting, what is the point of having democratic elections if unelected activist judges can override the clear will of the people? Well, that's no democracy at all. As our editor-in-Chief Ron Philip Kowski writes, they really struggle with the concept of a constitutional republic with judicial review.


They also struggle with the concept of decency. 'cause here's Marjorie Taylor Greene from the hearing yesterday that proceeded the vote on the budget bill, where Marjorie Taylor Greene says that the federal workers who are being fired are not really workers. They don't have real jobs. They don't deserve their jobs, they don't deserve their paycheck, and that federal workers are lazy. This is what Marjorie Taylor, who leads the Doge subcommittee has to say, play this clip. You can protest all you want outside of departments of this government. You can protest all you want, but the American people disagree with you.


You're protecting the bureaucracy. The bureaucracy is not a business. Those are not real jobs producing federal revenue. By the way, they're consuming taxpayer dollars. Those jobs are paid for by the American tax People who work real jobs earn real income, pay federal taxes, and then pay these federal employees. Federal employees do not deserve their jobs. Federal employees not do not deserve their paychecks, and these are jobs that can be fired at will.


I often get asked, what's the secret to how Midas touch has grown so fast? I said, it's easy. It's the community, the Midas mighty number one. Then we have to make good content. Number three, we gotta have the business behind the business, the nuts and bolts that make it all work. And we use Shopify here at the Midas Touch Network. Nobody does selling better than Shopify. It's home of the number one checkout on the planet and the not so secret secret with Shop Pay, it boosts your conversions by up to 50%, meaning way less carts going abandoned, and way more sales going down. So if you are into growing your business, your commerce platform, make it better today and sign up with Shopify. Join Shopify businesses that sell More. Sell on Shopify. So here's what you gotta do. Upgrade your business the way we did, and I want you to head to Shopify dot com slash midas. That's S-H-O-P-I-F y.com/midas. Upgrade your selling today. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period right here. If you go to Shopify dot com slash midas, all lowercase, that's Shopify dot com slash midas and get that $1 per month trial period right now. Thanks Shopify.


And by the way, as Marjorie Taylor Greene leads the Doge subcommittee, again, I don't care what political party you are from, aren't you pissed regardless that she's not calling Elon Musk to testify before oversight committees that Elon Musk just gets to like make up things. And then as the New York Times reported yesterday, Elon Musk then like removed some of the main claims about, or Doge remove some of the main claims about the things they allegedly discovered that were fraud, which were not. They're not calling Elon Musk to testify. In fact, the Magar Republicans have consistently blocked the subpoenas to Elon Musk when the Democrats have tried to subpoena him.


Here. Marjorie Taylor Green says that everybody loves Doge Democrats, Republicans, everybody loves Doge. Here play this clip Comments, and we have Democrats crying over Elon Musk. Are you kidding me? The American people. The polling is out 72% Democrats and Republicans support Doge support it. 72%. They are not upset about anything that Elon Musk is doing. As a matter of fact, they're happy. They want their 50, they want all this, these improper payments, all of this waste. They want it back. Also today, Elon Musk will be attending the first cabinet meeting that Donald Trump will be convening.


Here is Caroline Levitt. Donald Trump's press secretary. Talking about that. Let's play the clip. Caroline, I was wondering if, is Elon Musk going to attend the President's first cabinet meeting tomorrow? He is. As a matter of fact, I spoke to the president about that before coming down here as well. And Elon, considering he is working alongside the president and our cabinet secretaries, this, this entire administration will be in attendance tomorrow just to talk about DO'S efforts and how all of the cabinet secretaries are identifying waste, fraud, and abuse at their respective agencies. We look forward to the meeting tomorrow, and I think you'll be hearing from the president and his cabinet where they're on campus tomorrow. Hope you guys are excited. So some Of those, and then yesterday, you may recall this instance where the reporter asked Caroline Levitt, so who's running Doge?


Like who's the administrator play this clip? Hey, thanks Caroline. I wanted to ask about a federal judge yesterday was saying that they didn't know who the Doge administrator was and was asking the, the lawyer for the administration who it was, and the lawyer responded. I don't know the answer to that. Can you tell us who the administrator of Doge, Again, I've been asked and answered this question. Elon Musk is overseeing Doge. There are career administrator. There are no, Elon Musk is a special government employee, which I've also been asked and have answered that question as well. The administrator, there are career officials at Doge. There are political appointees at Doge. I'm not going to reveal the name of that individual from this podium. I'm happy to follow up and provide that to you.


But we've been incredibly transparent about the way that Doge is working. John? Yes, Caroline Levitt said they were being so transparent that they couldn't tell you who the administrator is. And then they basically named this lady Amy Gleason. I'm not sure she realized that she was the head of Doge. Her LinkedIn said that she was a senior advisor at the US Digital Service, so I'm not sure she realized she was the administrator. So is Gleason going to testify? We will see. While all of this was going on, Trump allies circulated a mass deportation plan calling for processing camps, which I call concentration camps and a private citizen army because the Trump administration has been so incompetent in their attempt at doing the largest deportation exercise on day one, which they've tried to do and they've tried to do it cruelly, but they're so incompetent.


They now want to hire people like Blackwater, like Eric Prince and others, and, and they're hatching a privatized plan to go after migrants love what Democratic congresswoman, Jasmine Crockett had to say when she was asked by a reporter, Joe Galena, from Call to Activism, what her message to Elon Musk is, here, play this clip right here. If you Could speak directly to Elon Musk, what would you say? Fuck off. That's it. Then you had a spineless, former speaker of the house, Kevin McCarthy. He was asked the following by Jesse Waters, let's play it. If you have one thing to say to Jasmine Crockett, what would it be?


The last woman who said that to Elon was a state rep in California, and you know what happened? What? He moved his company to Texas. Ooh. So think about that and think about how much taxes California just lost. I think they should celebrate Elon and anybody else who wants to go and volunteer to make the government more accountable, more efficient, and more effective. And now, what is MAGA doing to try to distract? Well, you have Jesse Waters who's saying, well, according to the Washington Times, the new FBI director Cash Patel is opening an investigation into James Comey about some honeypot operation to go after Donald Trump.


And waters is like, this is about justice. Okay, it's about retribution. And you know these people just make up stuff all the time. Now, here play this clip, Fox News Alert, according to the Washington Times Cash Patel's FBI, opening an investigation into James Comey, the Times reports that Comey launched an off the books honeypot operation against candidate Donald Trump. According to a whistleblower, he sent two female undercovers to infiltrate Trump's 2016 campaign and told them to act as honeypots spies who use sex to get what they want, and the honeypots ingratiated themselves into the top ranks of the campaign.


If true, that means the Obama administration was conducting multiple phony investigations into Trump without any evidence. The whistleblower says, FBI. Employees were told to shut their mouth about the operation, and one of the agents was transferred to the CIA, so she couldn't testify. This investigation in Taco isn't about revenge, it's about justice. Cash and Bonino are gonna get answers, Should be noted as well. Yesterday, 20 individuals who worked at the digital department that essentially became Doge. They resigned from their positions yesterday as more of a mass exodus from the kind of corrupt stuff this Trump administration is doing is underway.


We'll keep you posted every step of the way here in the Midas Touch Network, but it sickens me to have these Mago Republicans out there cheering and supporting the fact that they're taking away Medicaid and taking away Snap and attacking the most vulnerable Americans, attacking farmers, attacking veterans, you know, attacking, attacking people who live in red states too and blue states, and all across the country. It's, it's saddens me that that's what's happening. We'll keep you posted every step of the way. Make sure you hit subscribe, and let's get to 5 million subscribers together. We appreciate you Can't get enough Midas. Check out the Midas plus Substack for ad free articles, reports, Podcasts, daily recaps from Ron Kowski and more.


Sign up for free now@midasplus.com.


Marketing is hard, but I'll tell you a little secret. It doesn't have to be, let me point something out. You're listening to a podcast right now, and it's great. You love the host, you seek it out and download it. You listen to it while driving, working out, cooking, even going to the bathroom. Podcasts are a pretty close companion, and this is a podcast ad. Did I get your attention? You can reach great listeners like yourself with podcast advertising from Libsyn ads. Choose from hundreds of top Podcasts offering host endorsements or run a preproduced ad like this one across thousands of shows. To reach your target audience in their favorite Podcasts with Libsyn ads, go to libsyn ads.com. That's L-I-B-S-Y-N ads.com Today.