
Hi there. I'm A PBM. I'm also an insurance company. We middlemen are often owned by the same company, so hard to tell apart. We control what medicines you get and what you pay at the pharmacy. That's why today more than half of every dollar spent on medicines goes to middlemen like us. Middlemen are driving medicine costs and you don't know the half of it. Get the whole story at phrma.org/middleman. Paid for by pharma.


So what's it like to buy your first cryptocurrency on Kraken? Well, let's say I'm at a food truck I've never tried before. Am I gonna go all in on the loaded taco? No sir. I'm keeping it simple. Starting small. That's trading on Kraken. Pick from over 190 assets and start with the 10 bucks in your pocket. Easy. Go to kraken.com and see what crypto can be. Not investment advice. Crypto trading involves risk of loss. Cryptocurrency services are provided to us in US Territory. Customers by Payroll Interactive, Inc. P PWI DBA Kraken Buick PWIs. Disclosures at kraken.com/legal/disclosures.


Since 1979, tire act.com has been helping people find the right tires for how, what, and where they drive. They sell only the best, like the full line of Pelli Tires. Test results. Ratings and reviews are there to assist or try the Tire Decision Guide to get a personalized tire recommendation. Tires ship fast and free to you or to one of over 10,000 recommended installers in many areas they offer mobile tire installation. Shop pelli tires@tireact.com


In this ad for the mobile one brand. I have 30 seconds to talk to you about free time. No, no, no. Free time, not available time. That isn't your time, that belongs to your phone work and a string of notifications that follow you everywhere. Free time is an open road. Your hands on the wheel. New sites to see, new wonders to wander. So this is your reminder to log off and go, because ironically, your most valuable time is free mobile. One for the love of driving visit, love of driving us slash radio to learn more.


Say yes to summer and get cash back on many of your favorite brands with PayPal. Say yes to those pink flamingo floaties you've been eyeing online. Get them and make a splash with that cashback. Say yes to the third barbecue in a row this week. Grill up those burgers and earn that extra cheese. Say yes to that last minute road trip. You deserve it. Pay at the pump and fuel up your wallet with PayPal. Say yes to summertime fun and all the cash back that PayPal has to offer. Download the PayPal app. Redeem points for cash and other options terms apply.


Vice President Kamala Harris's team just posted the following meme, voters tuning into the election for the first time they see JD Vance calling people without Kids Sociopaths. You're seeing Trump's unhinged racist interview Trump's cognitive decline and Donald Trump saying The late great Hannibal Lecter would like to eat you for dinner. And other very weird and unhinged statements that Donald Trump makes in his various traveling fascist circus events. The WWE cosplay fascism that he calls his rallies or speeches joined by Simon Rosenberg.


Simon writes Hopium Chronicles, he leads Hopium Chronicles, friend of the Midas Touch Network. Welcome Simon. It's good to be here, brother Simon, you posted the following. Here are seven new national polls all showing Vice President Kamala Harris ahead. We had Gian here when the corporate media was pushing this red wave narrative several years back and you were pushing back against that narrative. You were right. That's how you and I really first connected and became really good friends. Tell us though, Simon, these polls real or just feels, what are you seeing?


Yeah, I mean the one thing you look for in any kind of trend is if everything is pointing in the same direction. And right now, you know, we have had very consistent data coming this week, which is surprising, but where I think things are is that since Biden made his remarkable historic selfless act to step aside, last week we sort of saw the Vice president kind of catch up. I mean, we were a few points down and there was movement And. then this week we saw additional movement in polling where she's now ahead in, in almost every poll taken this week. And in a, in one of those polls that you showed the u gov economist poll, which is sort of considered to be arguably the highest quality weekly tracking poll, she gained five points from last week.


And that's a poll that usually moves a point. It's very stable. It's a large number of interviews. And so there's been dramatic movement in the race. You know, four or five points towards her. I think we are we, she now today has a modest lead and I think we've also seen two sets of Battleground state polls this week. And in those two polls, one done by Bloomberg Morning Consult and another by Public Opinion Strategies, which is a Republican polling firm by the way. She's ahead in Arizona, Nevada, Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, tied in Georgia and just behind two points in North Carolina. So it's a new bluer election.


You know, we have a lot of momentum behind us right now. We're obviously seeing all this money being raised, all the volunteers that are signing up. But keep in mind, in terms of polling, there are a whole bunch of things that haven't happened yet that are likely to benefit us in the, in the next few weeks. One is this continued rallying around the vice president. I'm not convinced that that is finished yet. There may be more upside for her on that. Next week we're gonna have this incredible spectacle, the VP pick, starting on Tuesday and a whole, you know, five days of campaigning afterwards, which is gonna really be a time where we're gonna dominate the discourse And. then we have our convention And. then of course, something that you're very good at explaining Ben is that, and we have the daily, you know, ugliness of Trump and Vance, which has also now become a major part of the dynamic of the election, which is Trump.


They're continuing to put negative sentiment and negative noise for them out into the discourse. And so I think it's reasonable to assume that we could gain a couple more points in the, in the, in the fall, in the next few weeks. And. then finally, all that money that we have and all the volunteers is gonna build the most an unprecedented grassroots army for us in the fall. We'll never have seen the kind of early vote in GOTV operation that's gonna be in place, and that could easily add another point or two to us. And so, you know, where things stand a little less than a hundred days out. I would much rather be us than them. I think we've got momentum on our side and if we go out, go out and do the work, I think we can kick their ass in November. Let's talk about Donald Trump, the 2024 candidate, the leader of the Republican party going around and saying things that are highly offensive, racist, xenophobic, and frankly outright weird.


And we saw all of that on display yesterday, but we could do this interview at any specific timeframe and I could reference what he did yesterday, right? And it's escalating in weirdness and the hate as he gets more desperate. Like yesterday, of course, here's the moment that we all, everyone's been talking about, he's sitting at the National Association for Black Journalists. He's asked a question about Vice President Kamala Harris. Let me just show you the clip. Here's what he says. Follow Up sir And, then we'll move on to other questions here. Some of your own supporters, including Republicans on Capitol Hill, have labeled Vice President Kamala Harris, who is the first black and Asian American woman to serve as vice president and be on a major party ticket as a DEI hire.


Is that acceptable language to you, and will you tell those Republicans and those supporters to stop it? How do you, how do you define DEI, go ahead. How do you define Diversity? Equity, inclusion? Okay. Yeah, go ahead. Is that what your definition That is? That that is Literally words. Gimme a definit definition, then would you gimme a definition Of that? Gimme a definition of, Sir, I'm asking you a question, a Very direct question. Define define the, define it for me if you would. I Just defined it, sir. Do you believe that Vice President Kamala Harris is only on the ticket because she's a black woman? Well, I can say no. I think it's maybe a little bit different. So I've known her a long time indirectly, not directly very much. And she was always of Indian heritage and she was only promoting Indian heritage.


I didn't know she was black until a number of years ago when she happened to turn black and now she wants to be known as black. So I don't know. Is she Indian or is she black? She has always identified As a black woman. She went to historically black college. Respect. I respect either one, but she obviously doesn't because she was Indian all the way And. then all of a sudden she made a turn and she went, she became a black person. Just to be clear, sir, do you Believe that she's a and I think somebody should look into that too. When you ask a continue in a very hostile, nasty tone, It's a direct Simon in your political career, ever seen anything like this? You know, it's funny, there are these moments in campaigns where you don't really know initially how it's gonna go.


Right? And I haven't watched that since yesterday. And it's worse today. It's actually worse. It's more offensive and crazy. And you know, it's sort of, I, I had a similar reaction to when Vance got picked. I didn't really know a lot about JD Vance, to be honest. I hadn't spent a lot of time studying him. And, and when I saw this clip of him saying that women needed to stay in abusive marriages for the good of the children, I just was, I was literally stunned. I was stunned, you know, by, I was like, I can't even believe he just said that. I can't believe how crazy this is in this day and age that he believes that women who are getting beaten and sent to the hospital should stay in marriages because it's good for the children, as if anything like that would ever be good for anybody.


And I have a similar reaction now watching that video that Trump, the longer, the more that people watch that, the more this is gonna be sort of a major disqualifying moment for him and in a way that may not have crystallized it before. And, and I think you're right, you said something very important, Ben is that we all know this, right? Any of us who've been following him closely, you know, we know the essence of Trump, right? Trump 22 4 is a far weaker and more deranged candidate than he was in 2016 and 2020. You know, he's a rapist, fraudster, traitor, felon. He is a, he's a racist, a xenophobe. He's unfit, he's unwell, he's an extremist, he's dangerous.


All of these things are true. And they were true two months ago. They were true six months ago. They were true eight months ago. And now what's happening is that I think the electorate now that Joe Biden struggles are not dominating the news. His ugliness and his extremism are becoming exposed. He's like standing out in an open field now for everyone to see, and it's gonna really hurt him and hurt the Republican party because it's extreme and wild and unacceptable and disgusting. And he's a disgusting pig. And JD Vance is a disgusting pig. And the Republican party, the party of Lincoln and Reagan has fallen so far by this ticket. And so I am remarkably optimistic about this moment that this contrast the vice president has wanted to establish between forward and backward and not going back or between her, you know, her modern vision for the country and their retrograde, reactive, dangerous vision.


It's gonna be much easier, I think starting today to make that case than it was even 24 hours ago. How do you think it's going to, how, how do you think this will impact things that Donald Trump has canceled the debates unilaterally? Vice President Kamala Harris says, well, I'm gonna show up on September 10th an A, B, C, and I'm gonna debate an empty podium if I have to. She goes around now saying, look, you wanna say things about me, Donald? Say it to my face, right? Say it to my face. Which not only, you know, you know, just is the perfect comeback. But again, it just, to your point, Trump just feels like a much weaker, pathetic candidate.


And picking JD Vance, someone who's changed his names and identity three to four times over the course of his life to fit whatever he thought would be best for his, you know, career, including the previous iteration, was the anti-Trump fake hillbilly before going the full maga misogynist. You know, how, how do you think the, the electorate's gonna factor that in? Listen, I think, I think we're in this very new dynamic in the election where Kamala Harris and Joe Biden together, right? I mean, just look at today, right? I mean, Joe Biden this news from the administration today, incredible prisoner swap, incredible act of diplomacy and leadership by the United States.


We saw another month of declining flows to the border. We're now below the flows at the end of the Trump administration. We had great economic news this week, and we're gonna see an interest rate cut. I mean, we've basically defeated inflation. We're continuing to generate And. then you have her rallies and her just this energy around her. We're generating all this positive sentiment and positive news, and they're like an ugly factory, right? Like that's pumping out ugly sentiment, you know, every day. And the, and I and I, I'm stunned by this. I mean, I don't think that Trump and Vance any longer have the capacity to generate a positive news cycle for them.


All they have to do, all they can really do is to try to do what he did yesterday, which is to generate a negative news cycle for us. But that's also gonna blow back and hurt him. And so they're in this kind of incredible spiral right now, right? Where it's not really clear to me with the amount of time that's left, with the options that are in front of us, that they have the ability to fundamentally break this current dynamic that's in place, which is very positive for us. The other thing I wanna say about this, and I, I don't wanna leave this because I think this is gonna be something we all have to, the way that Trump is playing Harris's race, she's clearly, it's just very simple actually. 'cause he's kind of an idiot, is that, you know, she is both of Indian heritage and her father was Jamaican, right?


And so it's, she's both black and Indian and the way that many Americans are biracial, including, for example, JD Vance's, three kids who are half Indian and half white. JD Vance's middle child is named Vivek, right? His, he has a son named Vivek Vance. And, and, and the Trump Vance campaign is somehow pretending that they're confused about sort of a biracial, that somebody can be biracial and have two, you know, complex identities in the way that, you know, people were Irish and German and like, you know, of course it's the American melting pot. And the idea that Trump is somehow trying to make an argument that she's not black, it's, it is arguably the craziest thing that we've seen in American politics in the last 30 or 40 years.


And I, and they're keeping on it today, right? They're not moving away. This is clearly something that Trump in his idiocy has invented himself, right? In his, in his understanding of himself as a political genius. 'cause there's no way there's polling data to back this stuff up. There's no way this was developed by the campaign itself. It just, it's not conceivable. And it's putting JD Vance and his wife in a very complicated position that I think is gonna make the estrangement of Vance and Trump even more, which is already apparent, even more significant in the coming days. You think Trump is regretting that JD Vance selection, and you think j JD Vance is, I mean, JD Vance is an opportunist, so, and, and probably very delusional as well, but what, what, what do you think happens with them?


I have a feeling that there's some aspect of what's happening right now in Trump's crazy brain that he's punishing Vance by doing this Indian stuff. That some of what's driving this is his anger and frustration Vance, and how, you know, Vance is now the most unpopular VP pick in American polling history. There's never been a VP pick who immediately polled in negative territory. He was negative six last week. He's negative 15 this week. He's continuing to drop, he's created an enormous amount of negative noise for the campaign, not just in traditional media, but on social media. He's been a disaster and And then what it did was that, it, it, you know, and what's clear is the campaign has made it very clear the political people that he was not their pick.


They clearly had vetted him, they understood the stuff that was going to come out. All the stuff that we've seen, the cat lady stuff and the video about women staying in abusive marriages. They had seen all this and they told the pre the former president to not pick him. And they had other options. Trump, because of whatever, he cut a deal with Elon to get half a billion dollars or because his son came to him and whatever it is, like, whatever got to Trump. I think he overruled the campaign and he picked him. And the campaign, by the way, within a few hours of Vance's Pick, was already planting stories saying they didn't do this right? This was Trump, Trump did this, and Donald Jr did this. Yeah, it's a disaster. It's, it was a look. I think that when you look back at this magical moment that we're in now, there are three things that really contributed to it.


One was the picking Vance, which I think undermined Trump's ability to gain at the convention. It sort of, I think, scared even Republicans given how extreme he was, and it was a, it put downward pressure on their convention. Bounce Two is Joe Biden's selfless, selfless act. And three is Kamala Harris, you know, coming out of the gate in a very commanding and strong fashion. I think all of these three things together have congealed into this moment that we're in. But central to them was Trump's picking of Vance and Vance's, just outrageous extremism. The crazy things that he's saying, which are just coming, you know, look, he did a lot of interviews, right? And, and so we, every day we're finding new crazy stuff that he said, and I have a feeling that's gonna go on for weeks and weeks to come, and there's no way for them to turn that off.


And so I don't really know what they're gonna do. I mean, I think Trump is, you know, Trump, I don't think mentioned Vance yesterday at all. When he was asked about him being ready on day one, he gave this crazy answer that VPs don't matter, right? So it's clear that he's regretting the decision. He's aware that it's dragging the entire ticket down. And I think in his own disease brain, he started punishing Vance by now raising this issue of biracial heritage and everything else, which is obviously gonna make this campaign very uncomfortable for JD Vance, his wife and their three children. You know, there was that one moment where Donald Trump was asked during that interview, before the National Association of Black Journalists, whether he thinks that JD Vance would make a good president if something were to happen.


And Donald Trump's response was that you don't really even need to think about those things when it comes to the Vice President. I mean, whatever. What, what a strange statement, you know, to make that exactly an endorsement. No, it was, it was ridiculous. And, you know, look, there, it's, it is okay for us now to feel joy and happiness and enthusiasm and optimism about our ticket, but we also need to stay steely-eyed about that because there is this vast normalization machine in the traditional media of their, of their extremism and their wildness. And I think that for the last few weeks, for the first time, really in a long time, in part because of Vance, and I think Vance has even horrified some people in the mainstream media.


We've seen, I think, a little bit of a reckoning with what's happened to them in a way that we haven't, you know, Trump has been the, the happy-go-lucky guy running around. And even though he says all this stuff that you do a great job at exposing, it's never seemed to stick. It feels like it's sticking now. And it feels like, you know, we're in a very, very different media dynamic where they're gonna have a very hard time changing that dynamic between now and the election. And, and so yeah, I'm optimistic. I mean, look, we have a lot of work to do. We, we need to go to work as your community does. We need to make our calls and our canvassing and our texting and our post carding and do all this work. If we work really hard, we should be able to have the election we want to have.


But the, the difference between us having the election we want to have and us not having it, I think to a great degree, will be based on how much work we all collectively do between now on election day. Simon Rosenberg, head of the Hopium Chronicles really appreciate you delivering us the data, the trends, what we should be looking for. Thanks for joining And the Hopium Thanks Ben, thanks for all that you do, man. It's been a great partnership and I, I learn from you guys every day And we learn from you and the Midas mighty. Do as well. Hit subscribe. Let's get to 3 million subscribers together. Thanks for watching. Real Quick, meta just changed their algorithm to suppress political content.


Please follow our Instagram at Midas Touch right now as we head towards 400,000 followers so you don't miss a beat.