
Sephora stores are everywhere you are. So just pop in when you need a brown lip to match your nineties playlist, A confidence boost before your interview, or a last minute gift for mom's birthday. There's always a Sephora near you. Just pop in. Use our store locator to find your local Sephora or Sephora at Kohl's,


Wisconsin yesterday. And except for the fact that the administration would not let us have the pe, we had 50,000 maybe more people and we were gonna do an outdoor rally. And we ended up having to do it inside in front of about a thousand people. But we had 50,000 people that showed up, but they didn't want me to be outside. They said they couldn't get us enough people because they were guarding the United Nations. And Iran, the president of Iran is here, but Donald Trump is now blaming vice President Kamala Harris for his very teeny tiny crowd sizes. Here's what he's been posting over and over again, posts like this from the weekend.


He goes, Kamala wouldn't allow for protection to take care of this crowd. So rather than having 50,000 in a field, we're using a small arena, but she is not going to stop us. And everyone knows she doesn't have what It takes. Join me. He's very self-conscious of these very small venues that he has. For example, like when he was in Savannah, Georgia, it was such a tiny crowd when he was in Wisconsin this weekend, such a tiny crowd when he was in Michigan, such a tiny crowd. And they're walking out on him in the middle of the speech as well.


I mean, and Vice President Kamala Harris is filling up these stadiums. So ever since Vice President Kamala Harris, during the debate had that moment where she looked at Donald Trump and looked at the viewers and said, I want you to watch what's going on. As people are leaving these very small crowd sizes, you just don't have the juice anymore, Donald. So during his speeches, as people are leaving and as he sees the small crowd size, is he saying things that are just total lies? He's like, we have 40, 50,000 people outside. But you know what? They're just not letting him in here. This is what he said in Wisconsin from this past weekend. Here, play this clip.


It's something special. But outside we have thousands and thousands of people. Would anybody love to give up their seat? So, so we were going to have a thing outside someplace in an area where we could have held the people. And I would say, what do you think? 40, 50,000 people, at least out there. This went almost all the way to the airport and looked like when Lindbergh landed in New York. Do you remember that? He had, he had all the way the Broadway, the whole, the way they used to do it, and this looked like it, but thousands and thousands of people and they all could have had a lot of fun.


Instead, now they're probably leaving and walking back home because we have a nice little room that probably holds 1500, 2000 maybe less. And outside you have 40, 50,000 people because the administration couldn't give us the secret service necessary because they're guarding, because they're guarding the Iranian president. And again, speech after speech. Now before that speech, he gave the speech in Walker, Michigan. Again, very small crowd there, and people started leaving in the middle of it. And he goes, he goes, it looks like they're leaving, but they're, they're, they're not actually leaving.


What you see isn't actually happening. This is in the middle of his speeches. He's saying this here, watch this. I wanna explain something. The people that you see leaving, 'cause nobody ever leaves. And when they do, I finish up quick, believe me. But I couldn't take pictures at the beginning. So I take 'em at the end. Sometimes if I'm late, the plane gets late, you get delayed, lots of things happen. There's a little hurricane going on in Florida, as you know. And so what they do is they say, oh, please come up now at the end of my speech, I said, don't do that 'cause it looks like they're leaving like your husband who owns this place? And Vice President Kamala Harris is just so in his head.


Remember at that bizarre town hall last week in Flint, Michigan, it's close to last week with Huckabee Sanders. Sarah Huckabee Sanders, who is the governor of Arkansas, but she's serving as the moderator of this bizarre town hall propaganda thing. And then he goes, he goes, no one's leaving. This is bigger than ever right now. And he's so self-conscious here, play this clip. See, She said I guess said, I don't think I've ever said this before. So we do these rallies, they're massive rallies. Everybody loves, everybody stays till the end. By the way, you know when she said that, well, your rallies, people leave. Honestly, nobody does. And if I saw them leaving, I'd say, and ladies and gentlemen, make America great again and I'd get the hell out, okay?


Because I don't want people leaving. But I, I do have to say, so I give these long, sometimes very complex sentences and paragraphs, but they all come together. I do it a lot. I do it with raisin cane. That story, I do it with the story on the catapults on the aircraft carries. I do it with a lot of different stories. When I mention Dr. Hannibal Lecter, I'm using that as an example of people that are coming in from silence of the lamps. I use it. They say it's terrible. So they say, so I'll give this long complex area, for instance, that I talked about a lot of different territory. The bottom line is, I said, the most important thing, we are gonna bring more plans into your state and this country to make automobiles.


We're gonna be bigger than before, but the fake news there, and there's a lot of them back there. You know, for a town hall, there's a lot of people, but the fake news likes to say, the fake news likes to say, oh, he was rambling. No, no, that's not rambling. That's genius. When you can connect the dots, you gotta, now, now Sarah, if you couldn't connect the dots, you got a problem. But every dot was connected and many stories were told in that little paragraph. By the way, I can show you dozens of clips like this, and you've seen them on the Midas Touch network.


So I I, I'm just gonna show you one here. From the recent speech he gave in front of a teeny tiny crowd in North Carolina in Wilmington. 28 minutes into that speech, people were walking out as well. Here you'll see them leaving 'cause they're like, what is going on here? But Take nothing for Granted. You have To, get out and vote. You just have To get out and vote. We can not accept it. What they do is the only thing they do well, they, the Policies, and I get it, he's washed up, he's washed up. Like, did you see the speech that he gave this weekend in Erie, Pennsylvania?


You see the speech he gave just play this clip. They don't even think about it. These are rough, vicious, rougher than anything you can imagine. There is no, and I say it all the time, if you wanted to do a movie on some of these people that you're gonna be looking at in two minutes, if you wanted to do a movie, there's no actor in Hollywood that could play the role. There's nobody that could do it. These actors, you know, they're a little bit shaky, they can't play the role. They'll bring in a big actor and you look, you say, oh, he's got no muscle content, he's got no muscle. We need a little muscle. Then they bring in another one.


But he's got a weak face. He looks weak. Now these guys have the whole package. I mean, of course people are going to walk out when he's doing things like that. Like what in the world is that?


You know, if there's anything I've learned in my career, it's that if someone is given an opportunity, their hard work can pay off. But as with anything in business, some companies do things the right way and some well don't. That's why I'm excited to partner with a brand that is doing things the right way and is living up to the true American spirit. And they're called American Giant. While many companies send jobs overseas, American Giant is pushing back. They make high quality clothing and active wear right here in the USA. I'm talking about everything from sweatshirts and jeans to jackets and dresses. It's all made with care right here at home. I've been wearing American Giant for a bit now, and the quality is unbeatable. The fabric feels amazing, and the durability, well, I'm still wearing the same sweatshirt I got months ago and it's just getting softer with time. They really do obsess over every detail and you could tell that it's made to last. And my favorite part, it's more than just clothes. It's about supporting local communities and American workers. Now, if you're looking for something incredibly comfortable and durable, check out their French Terry collection from joggers to sweatshirts. It's perfect for that cozy yet put together. Look, I personally love their classic full zip hoodie. It's the piece that put them on the map with custom, heavyweight, fleece, and side panels for mobility. This hoodie is built to last. I reach for it whether I'm out for a casual day or just lounging at home. When you buy American Giant, you're not just getting high quality clothes, you're creating jobs in towns that rely on them. And right now, you could get 20% off your first order@americangiant.com when you use the code Midas at checkout, that's 20% off your first order at American Giant with code Midas, M-E-I-D-I-S, support local jobs, get yourself some incredible clothes and feel great about what you're wearing. Thanks to American Giant for sponsoring this show.


Do you remember the reporting that we did as well? And we gave a big hat tip there to some local Michigan reporters as well. Remember when he was in Potterville and he claimed that there were tens of thousands of people outside, but there was like four, like there was like four people outside the venue. And then the local network covered it. Do you remember that? Here, just here. Here was our coverage on that. Here play this clip. This past week, Donald Trump gave a speech in Potterville, Michigan. And during the speech, he said that as he was driving up to this small venue in Potterville, there were thousands and thousands of people outside as far as the eye could see that were there.


As he was driving up, turns out like everything, he says, this is totally false hat tip to channel six News wl and has some great local reporting. They got their hands on footage of the moment. Donald Trump was driving up to this venue where he gave this unhinged and very bizarre speech. And guess what? There were not thousands and thousands of people as far as the eye can see as he was driving up. There actually weren't that many people outside. Let me show you the moment. Donald Trump was driving up as captured by WLNS play this clip, You know, outside, they won't ever report this.


They don't ever report it outside. You have thousands and thousands of people that couldn't get in. They don't get seats like you guys, they didn't get the seats that you got, believe me. But you have thousands and thousands of people outside as far as the eye could see as we're driving Up. So surprise, surprise, he's lying Once again. Let's take a look at the report by WLNS. It says, fact check. Trump claimed thousands lined the streets in Potterville And. it says that he said that there were thousands of people as far as the eye can see. However, when they got to the footage, it was obvious that that was not the case. In fact, Potterville has a total population of 3055 people. And let me show you again that moment in the debate, which I think was the, was just the key moment.


It's also where Donald Trump started talking about eating the cats and the dogs. But vice president Kam Laris called him out for his tiny crowd sizes and he lost it. And that's all he's been talking about and posting since. Let me show it to you. Play this clip, Harris. Thank you President Trump on that point. I want To, get your response. Well, I would like to respond. Let me just ask though, why did you try to kill that bill and successfully so that would've put thousands of additional agents and officers on the border? First, Let me respond as to the rallies. She said, people start leaving. People don't go to her rallies. There's no reason to go. And the people that do go, she's busing them in and paying them to be there and then showing them in a different light. So she can't talk about that.


People don't leave my rallies. We have the biggest rallies, the most incredible rallies in the history of politics. That's because people want to take their country back. our country is being lost. We're a failing nation. And it happened three and a half years ago. And what, what's going on here? You're gonna end up in World War iii just to go into another subject, what they have done to our country by allowing these millions and millions of people to come into our country and look at what's happening to the towns all over the United States. And a lot of towns don't want to talk. It's not gonna be Aurora or Springfield. A lot of towns don't want to talk about it because they're so embarrassed by it in Springfield. They're eating the dogs, the people that came in, they're eating the cats, they're eating, they're eating the pets of the people that live there.


And this is what's happening in our country. And it's a shame as far as rallies are concerned, as far as the reason they go is they like what I say, they wanna bring our country back. They wanna make America great again. Very simple phrase, make America great again. She's destroying this country and if she becomes president, this country doesn't have a chance of success. Not only success will end up being Venezuela on steroids. I just wanna clarify here. You bring up Springfield, Ohio and, and ABC News did reach out to the city manager there. He told us there have been no credible reports of specific claims of pets being harmed, injured, or abused by individuals within the immigrant community.


All this, Well, I've seen people on television, Let me just say here, this is the, The people on television can say, my dog was taken and used for food. So maybe he said that. And maybe that's a good thing to say for a city manager. I'm not taking this from television, I, but The people on television It from the city manager Saying the dog was eaten by the people that went there. Again, the Springfield city manager says, there's no evidence of that. We'll, vice President Harris out, I'll let you respond to the rest of what you've heard. I think you talk about extreme. You know, I, this is, I think one of the reasons why in this election, I actually have the endorsement of 200 Republicans who have formally worked with President Bush, Mitt Romney and John McCain, including the endorsement of former Vice President Dick Cheney and Congress member Liz Cheney.


And if you wanna really know the inside track on who the former president is, if he didn't make it clear already, just ask people who have worked with him. That's good Stuff. Hint, subscribe. Let's get to 4 million subscribers and check out midas plus.com when you can. Hey, Midas mighty, love this report. Continue the conversation by following us on Instagram at Midas Touch to keep up with the most important news of the day. What are you waiting for? Follow us now.